<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1668397_0001564590-16-027424_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5320732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>456053</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>186775</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1528451</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1457341</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>971829</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027424.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103170113
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027424
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medpace Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				320434904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37856
		FILM NUMBER:		161972543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5375 MEDPACE WAY
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45227
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 579-9911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5375 MEDPACE WAY
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027424.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 medp-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

medp-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  
 or 

For the transition period from             to             . 
 Commission file number: 001-37856 
   
 Medpace Holdings, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

32-0434904  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

5375 Medpace Way, Cincinnati, OH 45227 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (513) 579-9911 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes         No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes         No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No        
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of Common Stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item Number   

Page  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (unaudited)    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

15  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

23  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

24  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

24  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

24  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

46  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

46  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

46  

Item 5.  

Other Information    

46  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

46  

SIGNATURES    

47  

EXHIBIT INDEX    

48  

- 2 - 
 
        PART I   FINANC  IAL INFORMATION     
     Item 1. Financial Statements 
 MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 3 - 
 
    MEDPACE HOLDINGS,   INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 4 - 
 
    MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 5 - 
 
    MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

- 6 - 
 
    MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2016 
   
 (1) Basis of Presentation 
 Description of Business 
 Medpace Holdings, Inc. together with its subsidiaries, ( Medpace  or the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a global provider of clinical research-based drug and medical device development services. The Company partners with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies in the development and execution of clinical trials. The Company s drug development services focus on full service Phase I-IV clinical development services and include development plan design, coordinated central laboratory, project management, regulatory affairs, clinical monitoring, data management and analysis, pharmacovigilance new drug application submissions, and post-marketing clinical support. The Company also provides bio-analytical laboratory services, clinical human pharmacology, imaging services, and electrocardiography reading support for clinical trials. 
 The Company s operations are principally based in North America, Europe, and Asia. 
 Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
 The interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), and are unaudited. In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation have been reflected. Certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, but that is not required for interim reporting purposes, has been omitted. The preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results and outcomes could differ from management s estimates and assumptions. As such, the information included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016 (the  Prospectus ). The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. 
 Stock Split 
 On July 25, 2016, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) of the Company approved, and made legally effective, a 1-for-1.35 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. All share, stock option and per share information presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split on a retroactive basis for all periods presented. The Company will make a cash payment to shareholders for all fractional shares which would have otherwise been required to be issued as a result of the reverse stock split. There was no change in the par value of the Company s common stock. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On August 11, 2016, the Company's common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "MEDP". On August 16, 2016, the Company completed its initial public offering ( IPO ) of its common stock at a price to the public of $23.00 per share. The Company issued and sold 8,050,000 shares of common stock in the IPO, including 1,050,000 common shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The IPO raised net proceeds of approximately $173.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. As contemplated in the Company s Prospectus, the net proceeds from the IPO, along with cash on hand, were used to repay $175 million of outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility (as defined below) and $2.7 million of offering expenses.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but all guidance must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 - 7 - 
 
    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU   2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326)  ,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . The new guidance adds Topic 326 to the Codification and removes the thresholds that companies apply to measure credit losses on financial inst  ruments measured at amortized cost, such as loans, receivables, and held-to-maturity debt securities. Under current U.S. GAAP, companies generally recognize credit losses when it is probable that the loss has been incurred. The revised guidance will remove   all recognition thresholds and will require companies to recognize an allowance for credit losses for the difference between the amortized cost basis of a financial instrument and the amount of amortized cost that the company expects to collect over the i  nstrument s contractual life. ASU 2016-13 will be applied on a prospective basis for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for fiscal years beginning and interim periods beginning after December 1  5, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.   
 In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) . In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . ASUs  2016-12, 2016-10 and 2016-08 all clarify the interpretation guidance in ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   specifically related to narrowing specific aspects of Topic 606 and adding illustrative examples to assist in the application of the guidance. The effective date and transition requirements in ASUs  2016-12, 2016-10, and 2016-08 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The Company will adopt the clarified guidance in ASUs  2016-12, 2016-10, 2016-08 by January 1, 2018, as required. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The new guidance is intended to simplify certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but all guidance must be adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840,  Leases (FAS 13) . ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for both financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. ASU 2016-02 will be applied on a modified retrospective basis and to each prior reporting period presented and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) are computed using the two-class method, which is an earnings allocation that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, including outstanding participating securities. Diluted net income (loss) per share is similar to basic net income (loss) per share, but adjusts for the potential issuance of common shares. The Company s restricted stock awards ( RSAs ) contain non-forfeitable rights or dividend equivalents and participate in periods of net income but are not contractually obligated to share in the Company s losses. As a result, RSAs are included in the number of shares in our basic and diluted EPS in periods of net income but are excluded in the number of shares in our basic and diluted EPS in periods of net loss. 
 The following table reconciles the basic to diluted weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands): 

The anti-dilutive shares disclosed above were calculated using the treasury stock method. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had stock options that were excluded due to the exercise price exceeding the average fair value of  
 - 8 - 
 
  the Company s common stock during the period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company had stock options that were excluded due to the Company s   net loss positions.   

(3) Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company follows accounting guidance related to fair value measurements that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value. This hierarchy maximizes the use of  observable  inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. The hierarchy specifies three levels based on the inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1: Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2: Valuations based on directly observable inputs or unobservable inputs corroborated by market data. 
 Level 3: Valuations based on unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity representing management s determination of assumptions of how market participants would price the assets or liabilities.  
 The fair value of financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and unbilled, net, accounts payable, accrued expenses and advanced billings approximate their carrying amounts due to their short term maturities. 
 The Company does not have any recurring fair value measurements as of September 30, 2016. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 
 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Certain assets are measured on the accompanying interim condensed consolidated balance sheets at cost and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis. These assets, which include indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, are tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter or when a triggering event occurs. Total assets carried on the balance sheet that are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis, identified as Level 3 measurements, as of September 30, 2016 are $692.6 million, comprised of $661.0 million of goodwill and $31.6 million of identified indefinite-lived intangible assets. 

(4) Accounts Receivable And Unbilled, Net 
 Accounts receivable and unbilled, net includes service revenue and reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue. Accounts receivable and unbilled, net consisted of the following (in thousands): 

- 9 - 
 
    (5) Intangible Assets, Net  
 Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, estimated amortization expense of the Company s intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands): 

(6) Accrued Expenses 
 Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands): 

- 10 - 
 
    (7) Debt  
 Debt consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Principal payments on debt are due as follows (in thousands): 

The estimated fair value of the Company s term loan based on Level 1 quoted market prices approximates $164.1 million and $386.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, compared to the carrying value of $163.3 million and $388.0 million. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On April 1, 2014, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the  Senior Secured Credit Agreement ), consisting of a $530 million term loan ( Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ) and a $60 million revolving credit facility ("Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility" and together with the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). The Senior Secured Term Loan Facility expires in April 2021 and the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility portion expires in April 2019. The Senior Secured Credit Agreement is guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries and is subject to customary covenants relating to financial ratios and restrictions on certain types of transactions, including restricting the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, acquire and dispose of assets, make investments, pay dividends, or engage in mergers and acquisitions. 
 Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a Eurocurrency rate based on LIBOR for U.S. dollar deposits for loans denominated in dollars, EURIBOR for Euro deposits for loans denominated in Euros and the offer rate for any other currencies for loans denominated in such other currencies for the relevant interest period, plus 4.00% per annum if our total net leverage ratio is greater than 4.75:1.00, or 3.75% if our total net leverage ratio is less than or equal to 4.75:1.00; provided that the relevant Eurocurrency rate shall be deemed to be no less than 1.00% per annum; (b) a base rate, which is defined as the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate on such day plus   of 1.00%, (ii) the Prime Lending Rate on such day, (iii) the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate for loans denominated in U.S. dollars published on such day for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00% and (iv) 2.00%, plus 3.00% per annum if our total net leverage ratio is greater than 4.75:1.00, or 2.75% if our total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 4.75:1.00; provided that the base rate shall be deemed to be no less than 2.00% per annum. We may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement without premium or penalty. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate applicable on the term loan was the Eurocurrency minimum floor interest rate of 4.75%. 
 In addition, the Company is required to pay to the lenders a commitment fee of 0.5% quarterly for unused commitments on the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, subject to a step-down to 0.375% based upon achievement of a certain leverage ratio as defined within the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. At September 30, 2016 the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, resulting in $60.0 million in undrawn capacity available under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, the Company had less than $0.1 million in letters of credit outstanding, which are secured by the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2016. 
 - 11 - 
 
    Also within the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, if we have drawn greater than 30  % of the commitments under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement as of the last date of any quarter, then we are required to report compliance with a financial covenant that is tested at the end of each quarter. This financial covenant requires us to maintai  n a net debt to consolidated EBITDA leverage ratio (as defined under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement) of less than or equal to 8.00:1.00 for any fiscal quarter ending on or prior to March 31, 2016 and 7.50:1.00, thereafter. As of September 30, 2016, we   were in compliance with all covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Agreement.  

(8) Shareholder s Equity and Stock-Based Compensation 
 Authorized Shares 
 On August 16, 2016 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation in connection with the closing of its IPO to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock to 250,000,000 and to authorize 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock that may be issued from time to time by the Company s Board. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 On August 11, 2016 in connection with the Company's IPO, the Board approved the formation of the 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the  2016 Plan ), which replaced our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ). The 2016 Plan provides for long-term equity incentive compensation for key employees, officers and non-employee directors. A variety of discretionary awards (collectively, the  Awards ) for employees and non-employee directors are authorized under the 2016 Plan, including vested shares, stock options, stock appreciation rights ( SARs ), restricted stock awards ( RSAs ), restricted stock units ( RSUs ), or other cash based or stock dividend equivalent awards. The number of shares registered and available for grant under the 2016 Plan is 6,000,000. The vesting of such awards may be conditioned upon either a specified period of time or the attainment of specific performance goals as determined by the administrator of the 2016 Plan. The option price and term are also subject to determination by the administrator with respect to each grant. Option prices are generally expected to be set at the market price of our common stock at the date of grant and option terms are not expected to exceed ten years.  The 2016 Plan expires in 2026, except for awards then outstanding, and is administered by the Board. All Awards granted at the IPO or thereafter were or will be issued under the 2016 Plan. 
 We satisfy stock option exercises and vested stock awards with newly issued shares. Shares available for future stock compensation grants totaled 5.4 million at September 30, 2016. 
 The Company granted 45,923 Awards under the 2014 Plan, consisting of 34,812 stock options vesting equally over four years and 11,111 fully-vested shares, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company also granted 643,680 stock options under the 2016 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consisting of 626,650 stock options vesting after four years and 17,030 stock options with one-third vesting on October 31, 2016, and the remainder vesting in eight equal monthly installments beginning in November 2016.  
 Option Awards Modification 
 As a result of the Company s IPO, a condition of all outstanding stock options issued before August 10, 2016 under the 2014 Plan that previously required the exchange of the shares issued for incentive units in the equity of a non-consolidated related party was dissolved. All future exercises of options issued pursuant to the 2014 Plan will now settle in shares of the Company. As a result of the modification in the settlement condition, the options will now be equity-classified instruments and changes in the fair value of the stock compensation liability that occur during the requisite service period are no longer recognized. According to the authoritative guidance for stock-based compensation, at modification the Company should recognize additional stock-based compensation expense in the amount of the incremental fair value of the modified award. As a result, the Company recognized $3.1 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, the $10.5 million stock-based compensation liability associated with the modified stock options was reclassified to additional paid-in capital as a result of the change to equity classification. The stock-based compensation liability was $0.0 at September 30, 2016.   The stock-based compensation liability was $3.6 million at December 31, 2015, of which $1.7 million was included in Other current liabilities and $1.9 million was included in Other long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations related to the Awards is summarized below (in thousands): 

- 12 - 

(9) Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective income tax rate was 38.1% and 48.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 varied from the U.S. statutory rate of 35.0% primarily due to the impact of domestic and foreign uncertain tax positions. 

(10) Commitments and Contingencies 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including employment claims and claims related to other business transactions. The Company cannot predict with certainty the outcome of such proceedings, but it believes that adequate reserves have been recorded and losses already recognized with respect to such actions were immaterial as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  There is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred related to these actions; however, the Company believes that such potential losses were immaterial as of September 30, 2016. 

(11) Related Party Transactions 
 Employee Loans 
 The Company periodically extends short term loans or advances to employees, typically upon commencement of employment.  Total receivables as a result of these employee advances of $0.2 million existed at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and are included in the Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets line items of the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively, depending on the contractual repayment date.  
 Management Fees 
 In conjunction with the IPO, the Advisory Services Agreement with Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partner Limited ( Cinven ) expired. Subsequent to the IPO, the Company will pay fees for director services provided by Cinven employees that are members of the Company s Board of Directors and any related committees. The director fees will be paid directly to Cinven in accordance with the Company s non-employee director compensation policy. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred management fees to Cinven of less than $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, related travel expenses of $0.0 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively, and director fees of less than $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred management fees to Cinven of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, and related travel expenses of less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding accounts payable to Cinven of less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively. 
 Service Agreements 
 Medpace Investors LLC, a noncontrolling shareholder of the Company that is owned by employees of the Company and managed by our chief executive officer, has a majority ownership interest in Symplmed Pharmaceuticals, LLC ( Symplmed ), a private pharmaceutical development company. In addition, the chief executive officer and other executives of the Company are board members of Symplmed. The Company has operated under a Master Services Agreement ( MSA ) with Symplmed since 2013 (amended in 2014) to perform clinical trials and related activities. Certain task orders governed by this arrangement were amended in the third quarter of 2016, changing the fee structure from unitized in nature to time and materials and revised pricing to more appropriately reflect market pricing based on the Company s leveraging of this work to develop and enhance certain new service capabilities. The Company has evaluated its relationship with Symplmed and concluded that Symplmed is not a variable interest entity because the Company has no direct ownership interest or relationship other than the MSA. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized negative service revenue adjustments from Symplmed of $0.4 million and service revenue of $0.1 million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized negative service revenue adjustments from Symplmed of less than $0.1 million and service revenue of $0.6 million, respectively, in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
   The chief executive officer of the Company is a member of Coherus BioSciences, Inc. s ( Coherus ) board of directors. The Company has secured an agreement to perform Phase I through Phase III clinical trial work for certain Coherus  bio-similar  drug compounds. The agreement provides for a minimum fee commitment for clinical trial services and is cancelable without cause by either party upon 30 days prior notice. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized service revenue from Coherus of $6.8 million and $5.9 million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized service revenue from Coherus of $18.2 million and $16.8 million, respectively, in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the Company had accounts receivable from  
 - 13 - 
 
  Co  herus of $4.4 million and $2.0 million recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the Company had, from Coherus, $7.6 million and $8.4 million of Advanced billings and   $3.8 million and $3.5 million of Pre-funded study costs, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
 Certain executives and employees of the Company, including the chief executive officer, have equity investments in Xenon, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. In addition, a Medpace employee was a director of Xenon until May 2015. During July 2015 the Company and Xenon entered into an amended MSA agreement for the Company to provide certain clinical development services. The Company recognized service revenue from Xenon of $0.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $0.8 million and $0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the Company had, from Xenon, $1.7 million and $1.8 million of Advanced billings and $0.3 million and $0.2 million of Pre-funded study costs, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Leased Real Estate 
 Headquarters Lease 
 The Company has entered into operating leases for its corporate headquarters and a storage space facility with an entity that is wholly owned by the chief executive officer of the Company. The Company has evaluated its relationship with the related party and concluded that the related party is not a variable interest entity because the Company has no direct ownership interest or relationship other than the leases. The lease for headquarters is for an initial term of twelve years through November 2022 with a renewal option for one 10-year term at prevailing market rates. The lease for storage space was through June 2016 and is currently being leased on a month to month basis. The Company pays rent, taxes, insurance, and maintenance expenses that arise from the use of the properties. Annual base rent for the corporate headquarters allows for adjustments to the rental rate annually for increases in the consumer price index. Lease expense recognized for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.5 million, and lease expense recognized for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.6 million. The lease expense was allocated between Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, and Selling, general and administrative in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Deemed Assets and Deemed Landlord Liabilities 
 The Company entered into two multi-year lease agreements governing the occupancy of space of two buildings in Cincinnati, Ohio with an entity that is wholly owned by the Company s chief executive officer and certain members of his immediate family. In accordance with the accounting guidance related to leases, the Company was deemed in substance to be the owner of the property during the construction phase and at completion. Accordingly, the Company reflected the buildings and related liabilities as deemed assets from landlord building construction in Property and equipment, net, Other current liabilities, and Deemed landlord liabilities, respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company assumed occupancy in 2012 and the leases expire in 2027 with the Company having one 10-year option to extend the lease term. The deemed assets are being fully depreciated, on a straight line basis, over the 15-year term of the lease. Deemed landlord liabilities are recorded at their net present value when the Company enters into qualifying leases and are reduced as the Company makes periodic lease payments on the properties. Accretion expense is being recorded over the term of the lease as a component of Interest expense, net in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Company paid $0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2.8 million and $2.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The current and long-term portions of the Deemed landlord liability at September 30, 2016 were $1.6 million and $29.0 million, respectively. The current and long-term portions of the Deemed landlord liability at December 31, 2015 were $1.6 million and $30.3 million, respectively. The Company has recognized deemed assets, net of $18.5 million and $19.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Travel Services 
 The Company incurs expenses for travel services for company executives provided by a private aviation charter company that is owned by the chief executive officer and the senior vice president of operations of the Company ( private aviation charter ). The Company may contract directly with the private aviation charter for the use of its aircraft or indirectly through a third party aircraft management and jet charter company (the  Aircraft Management Company ). The travel services provided are primarily for business purposes, with certain personal travel paid for as part of the executives  compensation arrangements. The Aircraft Management Company also makes the private aviation charter aircraft available to third parties. The Company incurred travel expenses of $0.3 million and $0.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to these travel services, and $0.8 million and $0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These travel expenses are recorded in Selling, general and administrative in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

- 14 - 
 
      Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis o  f Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This item and the related discussion contain forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the  Forward-Looking Statements  below and  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained herein, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, product approvals and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward looking statements. The words  believe,   may ,  might ,  will ,  estimate ,  continue ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  seek ,  plan ,  should ,  expect  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are based largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward looking statements are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other important factors that are difficult to predict. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all important factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of such factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward looking events and circumstances discussed may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. We caution you therefore against relying on these forward looking statements. 
 Some of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include regional, national, or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions and the following:  

the potential loss, delay or non-renewal of our contracts, or the non-payment by customers for services we have performed;     

the failure to convert backlog to revenue at our historical conversion rate;      

fluctuation in our results between fiscal quarters and years;      

decreased operating margins due to increased pricing pressure or other pressures;      

failure to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, government regulations and ethical considerations;      

the impact of underpricing our contracts, overrunning our cost estimates or failing to receive approval for or experiencing delays with documentation of change orders;      

our failure to successfully execute our growth strategies;      

the impact of a failure to retain key personnel or recruit experienced personnel;      

the risks associated with our information systems infrastructure;      

our failure to manage our growth effectively;      

adverse results from customer or therapeutic area concentration;      

the risks associated with doing business internationally;      

the risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws;      

future net losses;      

the impact of income tax rate fluctuations on operations, earnings and earnings per share;      

the risks associated with our intercompany pricing policies;      

our failure to attract suitable investigators and patients to our clinical trials;      

the liability risks associated with our research and development services;      

the risks related to our Phase I clinical services;      

inadequate insurance coverage for our operations and indemnification obligations;      

fluctuations in exchange rates;      

the risks related to our relationships with existing or potential customers who are in competition with each other;      

our failure to successfully integrate potential future acquisitions;      

potential impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets;      

our limited ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes;      

the risks associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances and waste;      

the failure of third parties to provide us critical support services;      

our limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights;      

 - 15 - 

the risks associated with potential future investments in our customers  business or drugs;      

the impact of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event;      

negative outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and a reduction in aggregate expenditures and research and development budgets;      

our inability to compete effectively with other CROs;      

the impact of healthcare reform;      

the impact of recent consolidation in the biopharmaceutical industry;      

failure to comply with federal, state and foreign healthcare laws;      

the effect of current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data;      

our potential involvement in costly intellectual property lawsuits;      

actions by regulatory authorities or customers to limit the scope of or withdraw an approved drug, biologic or medical device from the market;      

failure to keep pace with rapid technological changes;      

the impact of industry-wide reputational harm to CROs;      

our ability to fulfill our debt obligations;      

the risks associated with incurring additional debt or undertaking additional debt obligations;      

the effect of covenant restrictions under our debt agreements on our ability to operate our business;      

our inability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness;      

fluctuations in interest rates; and      

our dependence on our lenders, which may not be able to fund borrowings under the credit commitments, and our inability to borrow.      

 We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. For a further discussion of the risks relating to our business, see  Item 1A Risk Factors  Item 1 of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 Business Overview 
 We are one of the world s leading clinical contract research organizations, or CROs, by revenue, solely focused on providing scientifically-driven outsourced clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics. We differentiate ourselves from our competitors by our disciplined operating model centered on providing full-service Phase I-IV clinical development services and our therapeutic expertise. We believe this combination results in timely and cost-effective delivery of clinical development services for our customers. We believe that we are a partner of choice for small- and mid-sized biopharmaceutical companies based on our ability to consistently utilize our full-service, disciplined operating model to deliver timely and high-quality results for our customers.  
 We focus on conducting clinical trials across all major therapeutic areas, with particular strength in Cardiology, Metabolic Disease, Oncology, Endocrinology, Central Nervous System ( CNS ), Antiviral and Anti-infective ( AVAI ), as well as therapeutic expertise in Medical Devices. Our global platform includes approximately 2,500 employees across 35 countries, providing our customers with broad access to diverse markets and patient populations as well as local regulatory expertise and market knowledge. 
 How We Generate Revenue 
 Our revenue consists of net service revenue and reimbursed-out-of-pocket revenue. 
 Net Service Revenue 
 We earn customer fees through the performance of services detailed in our customer contracts. Contract scope and pricing is typically based on either a fixed-fee or unit-of-service model and our contracts can range in duration from a few months to several years. These contracts are individually priced and negotiated based on the anticipated project scope, including the complexity of the project and the performance risks inherent in the project. The majority of our contracts are structured with an upfront fee that is collected at the time of contract signing, and the balance of the fee is collected over the duration of the contract either through an arranged billing schedule or upon completion of certain performance targets or defined milestones. This payment structure is standard in the CRO industry. 
   Net service revenue, which is distinct from billing and cash receipt, is generally recognized based on the proportional performance methodology, which is determined by assessing the proportion of performance completed or delivered to date compared to total specific measures to be delivered or completed under the terms of the contract. The measures utilized to assess performance are specific to the service provided. Net service revenue for unit-of-service contracts is recognized as services are performed or delivered. Cancellation provisions in our contracts allow our customers to terminate a contract either immediately or according to advance notice terms specified within the applicable contract, which is typically 30 days. Contract cancellation may occur for various reasons,  
 - 16 - 
 
  including, but not limited to, adverse patient reactions, lack of efficacy, or inadequate patient enrollment. Upon cancellation, we are entitled to fees for services rendered th  rough the date of termination, including payment for subsequent services necessary to conclude the study or close out the contract. These fees are typically subject to negotiation and are realized as net service revenue when collection is reasonably assure  d. Changes in net service revenue from period to period are driven primarily by new business volume and task order execution activity, project cancellations, and the mix of active studies during a given period that can vary based on therapeutic and or stud  y life cycle stage.  
 Reimbursed Out-of-Pocket Revenue 
 Reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue consists primarily of expenses we incur in relation to projects that are reimbursed by our customers with no profit or mark-up. These expenses are defined in our contracts and generally include, but are not limited to, travel, meetings, printing, and shipping and handling fees. Such reimbursements received are included in revenue with the expenditures reflected as a separate component of operating expense. Certain fees paid to investigators and other disbursements in which we act as an agent on behalf of the study sponsor are reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations with no resulting effect on our revenue or expenses. 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our direct costs, selling, general and administrative costs, depreciation and amortization and income taxes. In addition, as noted above, we also have reimbursed out-of-pocket expenditures that are directly offset by our reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue. 
 Direct Costs, Excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, are primarily driven by labor and related employee benefits, but also include laboratory supplies and other expenses contributing to service delivery. The other costs of service delivery can include office rent, utilities, supplies and software license expenses, which are allocated between direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the estimated contribution among service delivery and support function efforts on a percentage basis. Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization exclude reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses. Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization are expensed as incurred and are not deferred in anticipation of contracts being awarded or finalization of changes in scope. Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization as a percentage of net service revenue can vary from period to period due to project labor efficiencies, changes in workforce, compensation/bonus programs and service mix. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses are primarily driven by compensation and related employee benefits, as well as rent, utilities, supplies, software licenses, professional fees (e.g., legal and accounting expenses), travel, marketing and other operating expenses. 
 Depreciation 
 Depreciation is provided on our property and equipment on the straight-line method at rates adequate to allocate the cost of the applicable assets over their estimated useful lives, which is three to five years for computer hardware, software, phone, and medical imaging equipment, five to seven years for furniture and fixtures and other equipment, and thirty to forty years for buildings. Leasehold improvements and deemed assets from landlord building construction are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the improvement or the associated remaining lease term. 
 Amortization 
 Amortization relates to finite-lived intangible assets recognized as expense using the straight-line method or using an accelerated method over their estimated useful lives, which range in term from 5 to 15 years.  
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 Income tax provision (benefit) consists of federal, state and local taxes on income in multiple jurisdictions.  Our income tax is impacted by the pre-tax earnings in jurisdictions with varying tax rates and any related tax credits that may be available to us.  Our current and future provision for income taxes will vary from statutory rates due to the impact of valuation allowances in certain countries, income tax incentives, certain non-deductible expenses, and other discrete items. 
 Key Performance Metrics 
 To evaluate the performance of our business, we utilize a variety of financial and performance metrics. These key measures include new business awards, cancellations and backlog. 
 - 17 - 
 
    New Business Awards, Cancellation  s and Backlog  
 New business awards represent the value of anticipated future net service revenue that has been awarded during the period that is recognized in backlog. This value is recognized upon the signing of a contract or receipt of a written pre-contract confirmation from a customer that confirms an agreement in principle on budget and scope. New business awards also include contract amendments, or changes in scope, where the customer has provided written authorization for changes in budget and scope or has approved us to perform additional work as of the measurement date. Awards may not be recognized as backlog after consideration of a number of factors, including whether (i) the relevant net service revenue is expected only after a pending regulatory hurdle, which might result in cancellation of the study, (ii) the customer funding needed for commencement of the study is not believed to have been secured or (iii) study timelines are uncertain or not well defined. In addition, study amounts that extend beyond a three-year timeline are not included in backlog. The number and amount of new business awards can vary significantly from period to period, and an award s contractual duration can range from several months to several years based on customer and project specifications. 
 Cancellations arise in the normal course of business and are reflected when we receive written confirmation from the customer to cease work on a contractual agreement. The majority of our customers can terminate our contracts without cause upon 30 days  notice. Similar to new business awards, the number and amount of cancellations can vary significantly period over period due to timing of customer correspondence and study-specific circumstances. Total cancellations in a period are offset against gross new business awards received in a period to determine net new business awards in our backlog calculation. Net new business awards were $109.1 million and $101.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net new business awards were $327.2 million and $264.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Backlog represents anticipated future net service revenue from net new business awards that have not commenced or are currently in process but not complete. Reported backlog will fluctuate based on new business awards, changes in the scope of existing contracts, cancellations, revenue recognition on existing contracts and foreign exchange adjustments from non-U.S. dollar denominated backlog. As of September 30, 2016, our backlog increased by $59.0 million, or 14.0%, to $480.4 million compared to $421.4 million as of September 30, 2015. Included within backlog as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $275 million to $285 million that we expect to convert to net service revenue over the next twelve months, with the remainder expected to convert to net service revenue thereafter. 
 The effect of foreign currency adjustments on backlog was as follows: favorable foreign currency adjustments of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016; unfavorable foreign currency adjustments of $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016; favorable foreign currency adjustments of $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015; and unfavorable foreign currency adjustments of $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Backlog and net new business award metrics may not be reliable indicators of our future period revenue as they are subject to a variety of factors that may cause material fluctuations from period to period. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the scope of projects, cancellations, and duration and timing of services provided. 
 Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
 The majority of our contracts and operational transactions are U.S. dollar denominated.  The Euro represents the largest foreign currency denomination of our contractual and operational exposure.  As a result, a portion of our revenue and expenses are subject to exchange rate fluctuations. We have translated the Euro into U.S. dollars using the following average exchange rates based on data obtained from www.xe.com: 

- 18 - 
 
    Results of Operations  
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Service revenue, net and Reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016 service revenue, net increased by $13.2 million to $94.8 million, from $81.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 service revenue, net increased by $40.8 million to $275.2 million, from $234.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases were primarily driven by strong activity within the Oncology, AVAI and Cardiovascular therapeutic areas.  
 Reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue increased by $2.5 million to $13.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Reimbursed out-of-pocket revenue increased by $9.5 million to $38.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $28.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Reimbursed out-of-pocket revenues can fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the timing of program initiation or closeout, and these changes do not necessarily correlate to changes in net service revenue. The reimbursements were offset by an equal amount of reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses. 
 - 19 - 
 
    Direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization and Reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses  
 Our direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization increased by $9.5 million, to $51.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $41.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization increased by $27.9 million, to $147.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $119.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases were primarily attributed to increases in employee related costs for additional personnel, contracted services and increased laboratory costs, all to support the growth in project activities. The employee related costs portion of direct costs, excluding depreciation and amortization increased by $7.1 million and $19.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The contracted services costs increased by $1.7 million and $4.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. Laboratory costs were relatively flat for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 and increased by $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $1.1 million, to $16.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $15.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $6.0 million, to $44.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $38.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These increases were primarily driven by increases in certain advisory and professional fees related to the IPO, as well as bad debt recoveries and gains on litigation matters in 2015. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 each included a $2.0 million bad debt recovery and a $0.9 million gain on litigation from the settlement of an employment matter. The costs for certain advisory and professional fees related to the IPO increased $0.4 million and $1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. In addition, charitable contributions increased $0.5 million and $0.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The aforementioned increases were partially offset by a decrease in employee related costs, which decreased $2.2 million and was relatively flat for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease in employee related costs during 2016 was attributed to the impact of $4.3 million related to a one-time stock based compensation award to our chief executive officer and founder during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $2.8 million, to $14.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $17.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $11.3 million, to $43.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $54.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decreases in depreciation and amortization were primarily related to the continued amortization of our definite lived intangible assets, which are amortized on an accelerated basis. 
 Miscellaneous (expense) income, net 
 Miscellaneous (expense) income, net increased by $0.4 million to $0.4 million of expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.1 million of income for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Miscellaneous (expense) income, net increased by $0.4 million to $1.3 million of expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.9 million of expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These changes were mainly attributable to foreign exchange gains or losses that arise in connection with the revaluation of short-term inter-company balances between our domestic and international subsidiaries, and gains or losses from foreign currency transactions, such as those resulting from the settlement of third-party accounts receivables and payables denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the entity making the payment. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net decreased by $2.1 million to $4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense, net decreased by $4.2 million to $16.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decreases in interest expense, net were related to the average lower outstanding balance under our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility (as defined below).  
 Income tax provision (benefit) 
   Income tax provision (benefit) increased by $1.9 million, to $2.5 million provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.6 million provision for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Income tax provision (benefit) increased by $8.4 million, to $8.3 million provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.1 million benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The overall effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 33.6% and 38.1%, respectively, compared to an overall effective tax rate of 126.2% and 48.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,  
 - 20 - 
 
  respectively. The change in effective tax rates and the increase in income tax provision was primarily due to the increases in projected pre-tax book income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 coupled wi  th relatively consistent year over year rate reconciliation drivers.     
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. Our principal sources of liquidity are operating cash flows and funds available for borrowing under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $18.0 million, including approximately $3.4 million of restricted cash, primarily related to advanced payments received pursuant to certain sponsor contracts. Approximately $9.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, none of which was restricted, was held by our foreign subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016. On April 1, 2014 the Company entered into a credit agreement (the  Senior Secured Credit Agreement ) consisting of a $530 million term loan ( Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ) and a $60 million revolving credit facility ( Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility  and together with the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). As of September 30, 2016, we had $60.0 million available for borrowing under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On August 16, 2016, the Company completed its IPO of its common stock at a price of $23.00 per share.  We issued and sold 8,050,000 shares of common stock in the IPO.  The IPO raised net proceeds of approximately $173.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions.  We used the proceeds from our IPO, combined with cash on hand, to repay $175.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. In addition, subsequent to the IPO, we used operating cash flow to pay down an additional $35.0 million on our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility.  
 Our expected primary cash needs on both a short and long-term basis are for investment in operational growth, capital expenditures, payment of debt, selective strategic bolt-on acquisitions, other investments, additional expenses we expect to incur as a public company, and other general corporate needs for the next 12 months and on a longer-term basis. We have historically funded our operations and growth with cash flow from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. We expect to continue expanding our operations through organic growth and potentially highly selective bolt-on acquisitions and investments. We expect these activities will be funded from existing cash, cash flow from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our existing or future credit facilities.  We have deemed that foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested and therefore we have not provided taxes on these earnings.  While we do not anticipate the need to repatriate these foreign earnings for liquidity purposes given our cash flows from operations and available borrowings under existing and future credit facilities, we would incur taxes on these earnings if the need for repatriation due to liquidity purposes arises. We believe that our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to finance our cash needs for the next 12 months and on a longer-term basis.  However, we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all, and any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. See  Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Indebtedness We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

- 21 - 
 
    Cash Flow from Operating Activities  
 Cash flows from operations are driven mainly by net income and net movement in accounts receivable and unbilled, net, advanced billings, pre-funded liabilities, accounts payable and accrued expenses. Accounts receivable and unbilled, net, advanced billings and pre-funded liabilities fluctuate on a regular basis as we perform our services, bill our customers and ultimately collect on those receivables. We attempt to negotiate payment terms in order to provide for payments prior to or soon after the provision of services, but this timing of collection can vary significantly on a period by period comparative basis. 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities was $62.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisting of net income of $13.4 million. Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities were $53.2 million, primarily related to amortization of intangibles of $38.0 million, depreciation of $5.5 million and stock based compensation expense of $8.6 million, offset by $0.6 million of benefit from deferred taxes. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used $4.5 million in operating cash flows and was primarily driven by increased accounts receivable and unbilled services, net of $16.6 million, increased prepaid expenses and other current assets of $8.7, offset by increased accrued expenses of $1.3 million primarily related to employee related costs, a decrease in other assets and liabilities, net of $2.4 million, and an increase in advanced billings of $16.6 million. 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities was $57.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisting of net loss of $0.1 million. Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities were $60.1 million primarily related to amortization of intangibles of $50.0 million, depreciation of $4.7 million and stock based compensation expense of $11.8 million, offset by $8.3 million of benefit from deferred taxes. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used $2.6 million in operating cash flows and was primarily driven by $7.2 million from a decrease in advanced billings and a decrease in other assets and liabilities, net of $4.5 million offset by a decrease in accounts receivable and unbilled services, net of $6.0 million and an increase in pre-funded study costs of $4.4 million. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consisting of property and equipment expenditures. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily consisting of property and equipment expenditures. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was $54.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to $225.0 million in principal payments on our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility, offset by the IPO proceeds received of $173.6 million. The remaining activity consisted of rental payments on deemed landlord assets and the payment of common stock issuance costs.  
 Net cash used in financing activities was $66.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to $65.0 million in principal payments on our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had total indebtedness of $165.0 million, substantially all of which was attributed to outstanding borrowings on the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had less than $0.1 million in letters of credit outstanding related to certain operating lease obligations, which are secured by the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 7 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for details regarding our Senior Secured Credit Facilities.   
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 We have various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Other items, such as operating lease obligations, are not recognized as liabilities in our condensed consolidated financial statements but are required to be disclosed. 
 In the three months ended September 2016, we repaid $210.0 million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. Other than the item included above there have been no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of business, to our contractual obligations as previously disclosed in our prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016 (the  Prospectus ).  
 - 22 - 
 
    As a result of these changes, our long-term debt obligations as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

(1)   
 
 Interest payments on long-term debt in the above table are based on interest rates in effect as of September 30, 2016.      

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Off balance sheet arrangements refer to any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity not consolidated under our entity structure exists, where we have an obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such an entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. We have no off balance sheet arrangements currently. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, requires us to make a variety of decisions which affect reported amounts and related disclosures, including the selection of appropriate accounting principles and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. In reaching such decisions, we apply judgment based on our understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances, including our historical experience and other assumptions. Actual results could differ from our estimates. We are committed to incorporating accounting principles, assumptions and estimates that promote the representational faithfulness, verifiability, neutrality and transparency of the accounting information included in the financial statements. 
 There have been no significant changes in the critical accounting policies and estimates as previously described in our Prospectus. 
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as foreign currency exchange rates, inflation, interest rates, and other relevant market rates or prices changes. We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rate and credit risk and we regularly evaluate our exposure to such changes.    
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have business operations globally, and accordingly, we are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations that can affect our financial results. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 9.3% of our revenue was derived from contracts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, whereas 24.2% of our operational costs, including, but not limited to, salaries, wages and other employee benefits, were derived in foreign currencies. Of these exposures, 91.7% of revenue denominated in foreign currencies and 46.1% of operational costs denominated in foreign currencies were Euro denominated. If the U.S. dollar were to appreciate against all other currencies by a hypothetical average of 10%, our pre-tax income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 would have been positively impacted by approximately $2.3 million, while a hypothetical depreciation of 10% against all other currencies would result in a negative pre-tax income impact of approximately $2.3 million. 
 We are also subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between contract commencement and cash settlement for services that we provide in relation to the contract. This exposure may affect our contract and operational profitability. To mitigate our foreign currency risk exposure we provide for exchange rate fluctuation adjustments subject to certain thresholds within our foreign currency denominated contracts. 
 Interest Rates 
   We are primarily exposed to interest rate risk through our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had outstanding amounts related to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities of $154.6 million (net of an unamortized discount of $1.7 million and unamortized debt issuance costs of $8.7 million) and $377.9 million (net of an unamortized discount of $2.0 million and unamortized debt issuance costs of $10.1 million), respectively, subject to variable interest rates. The applicable LIBOR interest rate, our primary interest rate exposure, for the Senior Secured Credit Facilities is subject to a 1.00% floor. As the applicable LIBOR interest rates as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were less than the floor, the applicable interest rates would have had to rise by 47 basis points and 57 basis points, respectively, to impact interest expense. Each quarter point increase in  
 - 23 - 
 
  the applicable interest rate above the floor as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 would have changed our interest expense by approxim  ately $0.7 million and $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts receivable and unbilled, net. The cash and cash equivalent balances are held and maintained with high-quality financial institutions with reputable credit ratings and, consequently, we believe that such funds are subject to minimal credit risk. 
 We generally do not require collateral or other securities to support customer receivables. In the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, credit losses have been immaterial and within our expectations. Moreover, in many cases we require advance payment from our customers for a portion of the study contract price upon the signing of a service contract which helps to mitigate credit risk. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no major customers accounting for more than 10% of our accounts receivable and unbilled, net. 
 Inflation 
 Our contracts that provide for services to be performed in excess of a year generally include inflation adjustments for the portion of the services to be performed beyond one year from the contract date. We do not have significant operations in countries where the economy is considered highly inflationary, and do not believe in the near term that inflation will have a material adverse impact on us. However, if actual rates are greater than our contractual inflation rates, inflation could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal control performed during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are party to legal proceedings incidental to our business. While the outcome of these matters could differ from management s expectations, we do not believe that the resolution of these matters is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect to our financial statements. 
     Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.   
 - 24 - 
 
    Risks Relating to Our Business   
 The potential loss, delay or non-renewal of our contracts, or the non-payment by our customers for services that we have performed, could adversely affect our results.  
 We experience termination, cancellation and non-renewals of contracts by our customers in the ordinary course of business, and the number and dollar value of cancellations can vary significantly from year to year.  
 The time between when a clinical trial is awarded and when it goes to contract is typically several months, and prior to a new business award going to contract, our customers can cancel the award without notice. Moreover, once an award goes to contract, most of our customers for clinical trial services can terminate our contracts without cause upon 30 days  notice. Our customers may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including, but not limited to:  

decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial;      

lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities;      

actions by regulatory authorities;      

changes in law;      

production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested;      

failure of the drug being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria;      

unexpected or undesired clinical results;      

insufficient investigator recruitment or patient enrollment in a trial;      

decisions to downsize product development portfolios;      

dissatisfaction with our performance, including the quality of data provided and our ability to meet agreed upon schedules;      

shift of business to another CRO or internal resources;      

product withdrawal following market launch; or      

shut down of our customers  manufacturing facilities.      

 As a result, contract terminations, delays and modifications are a regular part of our business. In the event of termination, our contracts often provide for payment to us of fees for services provided up to the point of termination and for close-out activities for winding down the clinical trial, and reimbursement of all non-cancellable expenses. These payments may not be sufficient for us to maintain our profit margins, and termination or non-renewal may result in lower resource utilization rates, including with respect to personnel who we are not able to place on another customer engagement. Historically, cancellations and delays have negatively impacted our operating results.  
 Clinical trials can be costly and for the year ended December 31, 2015, 55.7% and 29.3% of our net service revenue was derived from small biopharmaceutical companies and mid-sized biopharmaceutical companies, respectively, which may have limited access to capital. In addition, we provide services to our customers before they pay us for some of our services. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and the customer subsequently becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the trial. In such a situation, notwithstanding the customer s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the trial, we may be legally or ethically bound to complete or wind down the trial at our own expense.  
 Because the contracts included in our backlog are generally terminable without cause, we do not believe that our backlog as of any date is necessarily a meaningful predictor of future results. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our customers cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them. Thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our net service revenue and profitability. In addition, the terminability of our contracts puts increased pressure on our quality control efforts, since not only can our contracts be terminated by customers as a result of poor performance, but any such termination may also affect our ability to obtain future contracts from the customer involved and others.  
 Our backlog may not convert to net service revenue at our historical conversion rates.  
   Backlog represents anticipated future net service revenue from net new business awards that have not commenced or are currently in process but not complete. Reported backlog will fluctuate based on new business awards, changes in scope to existing contracts, cancellations, revenue recognition on existing contracts and foreign exchange adjustments from non-U.S. dollar denominated backlog. Our backlog as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was approximately $480.4 and $421.4 million, respectively. Once work begins on a project, net service revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. Projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. To the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our net service revenue could be adversely affected. Moreover, in the event that a customer cancels a contract, we often would be entitled to receive payment for services provided up to the point of cancellation and for close-out activities for winding down the clinical trial, and reimbursement of all non-cancellable expenses. Typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the future net service revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation or subsequent changes in scope that reduce the value of the contract. The duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related net service revenue recognition, generally  
 - 25 - 
 
  range from a few months to several years. Our   backlog may not be indicative of our future net service revenue, and we may not realize all of the anticipated future net service revenue reflected in our backlog. A number of factors may affect the realization of our net service revenue from backlog, incl  uding:   

the size, complexity and duration of the projects;      

the cancellation or delay of projects; and      

changes in the scope of work during the course of a project.      

 Fluctuations in our reported backlog levels also result from the fact that we may receive a small number of relatively large projects in any given reporting period that may be included in our backlog. Because of these large projects, our backlog in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent reporting periods. Additionally, although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in net service revenue over time, an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in net service revenue during any particular period, or at all. The extent to which contracts in backlog will result in net service revenue depends on many factors, including, but not limited to, delivery against project schedules, scope changes, contract terminations and the nature, duration and complexity of the contracts, and can vary significantly over time.  
 As we increasingly compete for and enter into large contracts that are more global in nature, there can be no assurance about the rate at which our backlog will convert into net service revenue. A decrease in this conversion rate would mean that the rate of net service revenue recognized on contracts may be slower than what we have experienced in the past, which could impact our net service revenue and results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. Additionally, delayed projects will remain in backlog and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. Thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues is indirect and may vary significantly over time.  
 Additionally, there has been a recent slowdown in funding in the biotechnology industry. If small and mid-sized biopharmaceutical companies become less able to access capital in the future, we may see a decrease in backlog conversion to net service revenue and net new business awards due to project delays or cancellations. These companies have contributed materially to our historical net service revenue. If they cannot commit the same or a greater level of capital to our services going forward, our results of operations may suffer.  
 Our operating results have historically fluctuated between fiscal quarters and years and may continue to fluctuate in the future, which may adversely affect the market price of our stock.  
 Our operating results have fluctuated in previous quarters and years and may continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year and are influenced by a variety of factors, such as:  

timing of contract amendments for changes in scope that could affect the value of a contract and potentially impact the amount of net new business awards and net service revenue from quarter to quarter;      

commencement, completion, execution, postponement or termination of large contracts;      

contract terms for the billing and recognition of revenue milestones;      

progress of ongoing contracts and retention of customers;      

timing of and charges associated with completion of acquisitions and other events;      

changes in the mix of services delivered, both in terms of geography and type of services;      

customer disputes or other issues that may impact the revenue we are able to recognize or the collectability of our related accounts receivable; and      

exchange rate fluctuations.      

 Our operating results for any particular quarter or year are not necessarily a meaningful indicator of future results and fluctuations in our quarterly or yearly operating results could negatively affect the market price and liquidity of shares of our common stock.  
 Our operating margins could decrease due to increased pricing pressure or other pressures.  
 Historically, we have been able to generate the operating margins that we do because of our disciplined, full-service operating model. However, we operate in a highly competitive environment, and, if we experience increased levels of competitive pricing pressure, our operating margins may decrease. In addition, we may adapt our operating model to achieve greater levels of growth or in response to investor demands. Such changes could result in lower operating margins.  
 - 26 - 
 
    If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, government re  gulations and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be adversely affected.   
 We contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. Our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, electronic data capture, patient recruitment and other related services. Such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, government regulations, and ethical considerations. For example, we are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities relating to our activities in conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. Before clinical trials begin in the United States, a drug is tested in pre-clinical trials that must comply with Good Laboratory Practice and other requirements. An applicant must file an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, which must become effective before human clinical testing may begin. Further, an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, for each medical center proposing to participate in the clinical trial must review and approve the protocol for the clinical trial. Once initiated, clinical trials must be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the applicable IND conditions, the requirements of the relevant IRBs, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations, including Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, and other requirements. We are also subject to regulation by the Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, which regulates the distribution, recordkeeping, handling, security, and disposal of controlled substances. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory authorities may take action against us or our customers. Such actions may include injunctions or failure of such regulatory authority to grant marketing approval of our customers  products, imposition of clinical holds or delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, rejection of data collected in our clinical trials, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. Customers may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations, and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those trials may bring personal injury claims against us. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation.  
 Such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur:  
 Improper performance of our services . The performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. For example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of results of the trial or cause the results of the trial to be reported improperly. If the trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services and our reputation would be harmed. As examples:   

non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities;      

non-compliance could compromise data from a particular trial, such as failure to verify that adequate informed consent was obtained from patients, which could require us to repeat the trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our customer, but at a potentially substantial cost to us; and      

breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract.      

 The services we provide in connection with large clinical trials can cost tens of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by the affected customer or other current customers or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected customer or other current or potential customers.  
 Investigation of customers.  From time to time, one or more of our customers are investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. In these situations, we have often provided services to our customers with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. There is a risk that either our customers or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. If our customers or regulatory authorities make such claims against us, we could be subject to significant costs in defending our activities and potential damages, fines or penalties. In addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our customers  clinical trials, programs or products could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.   
 Insufficient customer funding to complete a clinical trial.  As noted above, clinical trials can cost tens of millions of dollars. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and then the customer becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the trial. In such a situation, notwithstanding the customer s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the trial at our own expense.   
   Interactive voice/web response service malfunction.  We develop and maintain our own, and also use third-parties to run, interactive voice/web response systems. These systems automatically manage the randomization of patients in a given clinical trial to different treatment arms and regulate the supply of investigational drugs. An error in the design, programming or validation of these systems could lead to inappropriate assignment or dosing of patients which could give rise to patient safety issues, invalidation of the trial or   
 - 27 - 
 
  liability claims against us. Furthermore, negative publicity associated with such a malfunction could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Additionally, errors in randomization may req  uire us to repeat the trial at no further cost to our customer, but at a substantial cost to us.   
 In addition to the above U.S. laws and regulations, we must comply with the laws of all countries where we do business, including laws governing clinical trials in the jurisdiction where the trials are performed. Failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to regulatory risk, liability and potential costs associated with redoing the trials, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results.  
 We bear financial risk if we underprice our fixed-fee contracts or overrun cost estimates, and our financial results can also be adversely affected by failure to receive approval for change orders or delays in documenting change orders.  
 The majority of our Phase I IV contracts are fixed-fee contracts. We bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates. In addition, contracts with our customers are subject to change orders, which we commonly experience and which occur when the scope of work we perform needs to be modified from that originally contemplated by our contract with the customer. Modifications can occur, for example, when there is a change in a key trial assumption or parameter, a significant change in timing or a change in staffing needs. Furthermore, we may be unable to successfully negotiate changes in scope or change orders on a timely basis or at all, which could require us to incur cost outlays ahead of the receipt of any additional revenue. In addition, under U.S. GAAP, we cannot recognize additional revenue anticipated from change orders until appropriate documentation is received by us from the customer authorizing the change. However, if we incur additional expense in anticipation of receipt of that documentation, we must recognize the expense as incurred. Such underpricing, significant cost overruns or delay in documentation of change orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  
 If we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategies, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.  
 Our key growth strategies include: continued organic growth, continued maintenance of industry-leading margins (compared to our public competitors), increasing capture of the high-growth clinical development market, deepening existing and developing new relationships with our core customer segment, pursuing selective and complementary bolt-on acquisitions and increasing our capture of the large pharmaceutical company market. Though we will strive to meet these goals, we may not have or adequately build the competencies necessary to achieve our objectives. In addition, we may not receive market acceptance for our services and we may face increased competition. If we are unable to successfully continue our organic growth, continue to maintain our margins, increase our capture of the clinical development market, deepen existing and develop new relationships with our core customer segment, pursue complementary and non-transformative acquisitions or attract additional large pharmaceutical company customers, our future business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.  
 If we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit experienced personnel, our business could be adversely affected.  
 Our success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of our senior management team, including Dr. August J. Troendle, our Chief Executive Officer and founder, and other key personnel including qualified management, professional, scientific and technical operating staff. There is significant competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical services industry, particularly for those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical or nursing degree, a Doctor of Philosophy, or Ph.D., or an equivalent degree, and our industry generally tends to experience relatively high levels of employee turnover. If any of our key employees were to join a competitor or to form a competing company, some of our customers might choose to use the services of that competitor or new company instead of our own. Furthermore, customers or other companies seeking to develop in-house capabilities may hire some of our senior management or other key employees. The departure of any key contributor, the payment of increased compensation to attract and retain qualified personnel or our inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry and may negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation.   
 - 28 - 
 
    Our business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of our information sy  stems, including the information systems we use to provide our services to our customers, such as ClinTrak, and failures of these systems may materially limit our operations.   
 Due to the global nature of our business and our reliance on information systems to provide our services, we intend to increase our use of web-enabled and other integrated information systems in delivering our services. We already provide access to such an information system, ClinTrak, to certain of our customers in connection with the services we provide to them. As the breadth and complexity of our information systems continue to grow, we will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including:  

disruption, impairment or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities or other key infrastructure platforms;      

security breaches of, cyberattacks on and other failures or malfunctions in our critical application systems or their associated hardware; and      

excessive costs, excessive delays or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment.      

 The materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services and the day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption, loss or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential or other data. While we have disaster recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us in the event of a system failure. Despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, information system security breaches and similar events at our facilities or at those of our third party provider that backs up our data centers could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our customers. Corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a trial at no cost to the customer, but at significant cost to us, or result in the termination of a contract or damage to our reputation. Moreover, regulatory authorities may impose requirements on the use of electronic records and signatures for regulatory purposes. For example, FDA s regulations at 21 CFR Part 11 establish the criteria pursuant to which the FDA will consider electronic records and signatures to be trustworthy, reliable, and generally equivalent to paper records and handwritten signatures. Any failures to comply with those regulatory requirements could impact our customers  ability to rely on the data contained in those electronic records in our systems or result in the FDA s rejection of the data. Additionally, in order for our information systems to continue to be effective going forward, we periodically need to upgrade our technology systems and increase our capacity to keep pace with technological developments and our growth as a company. Significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. Our operations also may suffer if we are unable to effectively manage the implementation of and adapt to new technology systems. Any such shortcoming may require us to make substantial further investments in our IT platform, which could adversely affect our financial results. Finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our business. As our business continues to expand globally, these types of risks may be further increased by instability in the geopolitical climate of certain regions, underdeveloped and less stable utilities and communications infrastructure and other local and regional factors. Although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur.  
 Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential data, whether through system failure or breaches or employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers. Similarly, unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs, could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability and damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to adequately cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.  
 Our business could be harmed if we are unable to manage our growth effectively.  
 We believe that sustained growth places a strain on operational, human and financial resources. To manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operating and administrative systems and to attract and retain qualified management, professional, scientific and technical operating personnel. We believe that maintaining and enhancing both our systems and personnel at reasonable cost are instrumental to our success. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enhance our current technology or obtain new technology that will enable our systems to keep pace with developments and the needs of our customers. The nature and pace of our growth introduces risks associated with quality control and customer dissatisfaction due to delays in performance or other problems. In addition, foreign operations involve the additional risks of assimilating differences in foreign business practices, hiring and retaining qualified personnel and overcoming language barriers. Failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 - 29 - 
 
    Our customer or therapeutic area concentration may have a material ad  verse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   
 Although we did not have any customer that represented 10% or more of our net service revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015, we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of large customers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we derived 38.3% and 6.6% of our net service revenue from our top 10 customers and our largest customer, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we derived 39.9% and 6.9% of our net service revenue from our top 10 customers and our largest customer, respectively. For more information about our largest customer, Coherus, see Note 11 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, approximately 41.5% and 7.4% of our backlog, as of September 30, 2016, was concentrated among our top 10 customers and our largest customer by backlog concentration, respectively. Moreover, 2.7% of our backlog, as of September 30, 2016, was concentrated with our largest customer by net service revenue. If any large customer decreases or terminates its relationship with us, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Also, consolidation in our actual or potential customer base results in increased competition for important market segments and fewer available customer accounts.  
 Additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different sponsors in a single therapeutic class, involving similar drugs, biologics or medical devices, may adversely affect our business if some or all of the trials are terminated because of new scientific information or regulatory decisions that affect the products as a class. Moreover, even if these trials are not terminated, they may compete with each other, thereby limiting our potential revenue going forward.  
 Our business is subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
 We have significant operations in foreign countries, including, but not limited to, countries in Europe, Latin America, Asia, the Middle East and Africa, that may require complex arrangements to deliver services on global contracts for our customers. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 33% and 34% of our workforce was located outside of North America, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, 9.3% and 8.4% of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, respectively. As a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following:  

conducting a single trial across multiple countries is complex, and issues in one country, such as a failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions, may affect the progress of the trial in the other countries, for example, by limiting the amount of data necessary for a trial to proceed, resulting in delays or potential cancellation of contracts, which in turn may result in loss of revenue;      

the United States or other countries could enact legislation or impose regulations or other restrictions, including unfavorable labor regulations or tax policies, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business in or expatriate profits from those countries;      

tax rates in certain foreign countries may exceed those in the United States and foreign earnings may be subject to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions, including restrictions on repatriation;      

certain foreign countries are expanding or may expand their regulatory framework with respect to patient informed consent, protection and compensation in clinical trials, and privacy, which could delay or inhibit our ability to conduct trials in such jurisdictions or which could materially increase the risks associated with performing trials in such jurisdictions;      

certain foreign countries are expanding or may expand their banking regulations that govern international currency transactions, particularly cross-border transfers, which may inhibit our ability to transfer funds into or within a jurisdiction, impeding our ability to pay our principal investigators, vendors and employees, thereby impacting our ability to conduct trials in such jurisdictions;      

the regulatory or judicial authorities of foreign countries may not enforce legal rights and recognize business procedures in a manner to which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect;      

we may have difficulty complying with a variety of laws and regulations in foreign countries, some of which may conflict with laws in the United States;      

potential violations of existing or newly adopted local laws or anti-bribery laws, such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and the UK Bribery Act of 2010, may cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation;      

changes in political and economic conditions, including inflation, may lead to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates;      

foreign governments may enact currency exchange controls that may limit the ability to fund our operations or significantly increase the cost of maintaining operations;      

 - 30 - 

customers in foreign jurisdictions may have longer payment cycles, and it may be more difficult to collect receivables in foreign jurisdictions; and      

natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts, could interrupt our services, endanger our personnel or cause project delays or loss of trial materials or results.      

 These risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our ability to, among other things, perform large, global projects for our customers. Furthermore, our ability to deal with these issues could be affected by applicable U.S. laws and the need to protect our assets. In addition, we may be more susceptible to these risks as we enter and continue to target growth in emerging countries and regions, including Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America, which may be subject to a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption and social and ethnic unrest, all of which are exacerbated in many cases by a lack of an independent and experienced judiciary and uncertainties in how local law is applied and enforced. The materialization of any such risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation.  
 Due to the global nature of our business, we may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various other anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 We are required to comply with the FCPA, UK Bribery Act of 2010 and other U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly or improperly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to foreign officials and certain other recipients. In addition, the FCPA imposes certain books, records and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. We operate in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents and other business partners outside of our control or without our authorization. It is our policy to implement safeguards (including mandatory training) to prohibit these practices by our employees and business partners with respect to our operations. However, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that we or certain other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or other foreign anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, our financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In some cases, companies that violate the FCPA may be debarred by the U.S. government and/or lose their U.S. export privileges. Changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the U.S. or other governments may seek to hold us liable for successor liability FCPA violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquired or will acquire.  
 In the past, we have had net losses and we may report net losses in the future, which could negatively impact our ability to achieve or sustain profitability.  
 In the past, we have had net losses and we cannot assure you that we will achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, our net income (loss) was $13.4 million, and $(8.7) million, respectively. If we cannot reach or maintain profitability, the value of our stock price may be impacted.  
 Our effective income tax rate may fluctuate, which may adversely affect our operations, earnings and earnings per share.  
 Our effective income tax rate is influenced by our projected profitability in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. The global nature of our business increases our tax risks. In addition, for various reasons, revenue authorities in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate are known to have become more active in their tax collection activities. Changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our net income and earnings per share. The application of tax laws in various taxing jurisdictions, including the United States, is subject to interpretation, and tax authorities in various jurisdictions may have diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations of the application of tax laws. Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, in the United States or other tax jurisdictions in which we operate, could materially impact our effective tax rate.  
 Factors that may affect our effective income tax rate include, but are not limited to:  

the requirement to exclude from our quarterly worldwide effective income tax calculations losses in jurisdictions where no income tax benefit can be recognized;      

actual and projected full year pre-tax income, including differences between actual and anticipated income before taxes in various jurisdictions;      

changes in tax laws, or in the interpretation or application of tax laws, in various taxing jurisdictions;      

audits or other challenges by taxing authorities;      

 - 31 - 

the establishment of valuation allowances against a portion or all of certain deferred income tax assets if we determined that it is more likely than not   that future income tax benefits will not be realized; and      

changes in the relative mix and size of clinical trials and staffing levels in various tax jurisdictions.      

 These changes may cause fluctuations in our effective income tax rate that could adversely affect our results of operations and cause fluctuations in our earnings and earnings per share.  
 Governmental authorities may question our intercompany transfer pricing policies or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business.  
 As a U.S. company doing business in international markets through subsidiaries, we are subject to foreign tax and intercompany pricing laws, including those relating to the flow of funds between the parent and subsidiaries. Tax authorities in the United States and in foreign markets closely monitor our corporate structure and how we account for intercompany fund transfers. If tax authorities challenge our corporate structure, transfer pricing mechanisms or intercompany transfers, our operations may be negatively impacted and our effective tax rate may increase. Tax rates vary from country to country and if regulators determine that our profits in one jurisdiction should be increased, we might not be able to fully utilize all foreign tax credits that are generated, which would increase our effective tax rate. Additionally, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, has issued certain proposed guidelines regarding base erosion and profit sharing. Once these guidelines are formally adopted by the OECD, it is possible that separate taxing jurisdictions may also adopt some form of these guidelines. In such case, we may need to change our approach to intercompany transfer pricing in order to maintain compliance under the new rules. Our effective tax rate may increase or decrease depending on the current location of global operations at the time of the change. Finally, we might not always be in compliance with all applicable customs, exchange control, Value Added Tax and transfer pricing laws despite our efforts to be aware of and to comply with such laws. In such case, we may need to adjust our operating procedures and our business could be adversely affected.  
 If we are unable to recruit suitable investigators and enroll patients for our customers  clinical trials, our clinical development business may suffer.  
 The recruitment of investigators and patients for clinical trials is essential to our business. Investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise the administration of the investigational drug, biologic or device to patients during the course of a clinical trial. Patients typically include people from the communities in which the clinical trials are conducted. Our clinical development business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract suitable and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. For example, if we are unable to engage investigators to conduct clinical trials as planned or enroll sufficient patients in clinical trials, we may need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to us. These considerations might result in our being unable to successfully achieve our projected development timelines, or potentially even lead to the termination of ongoing clinical trials or development of a product.  
 Our research and development services could subject us to potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
 Our business involves the testing of new drugs, biologics and medical devices on patients in clinical trials. Our involvement in the clinical trial and development process creates a risk of liability for personal injury to or death of patients, particularly for those with life-threatening illnesses, resulting from adverse reactions to the products administered during testing or after regulatory approval. For example, we may be sued in the future by individuals alleging personal injury due to their participation in clinical trials and seeking damages from us under a variety of legal theories. If we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with any personal injury claim that is outside the scope of indemnification agreements we have with our customers, if any indemnification agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation could be materially and adversely affected. We might also not be able to obtain adequate insurance or indemnification for these types of risks at reasonable rates in the future.  
 We also contract with institutions and physicians to serve as investigators in conducting clinical trials. Investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise the administration of the investigational products to patients during the course of a clinical trial. If the investigators or study staff commit errors or make omissions during a clinical trial that result in harm to trial patients, or patients suffer harm with a delayed onset after a clinical trial is completed and the product has obtained regulatory approval, claims for personal injury or products liability damages may result. Additionally, if the investigators engage in fraudulent or negligent behavior, trial data may be compromised, which may require us to repeat the clinical trial or subject us to liability or regulatory action. We do not believe we are legally responsible for the medical care rendered by such third party investigators, and we would vigorously defend any claims brought against us. However, it is possible we could be found liable for claims with respect to the actions of third party investigators and the institutions at which clinical trials may be conducted.  
 - 32 - 
 
    Some of our services involve direct interaction with clinical trial patients and operation of a Phase I clinical facility, which could create potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.   
 We operate a facility where Phase I clinical trials are conducted, which ordinarily involve testing an investigational drug, biologic or medical device on a limited number of individuals to evaluate its safety, determine a safe dosage range and identify side effects. Failure to operate such a facility and clinical trials in accordance with FDA, DEA and other applicable regulations could result in disruptions to our operations. Additionally, we face risks associated with adverse events resulting from the administration of such drugs, biologics and medical devices and the professional malpractice of medical care providers. We also directly employ nurses and other trained employees who assist in implementing the testing involved in our clinical trials, such as drawing blood from subjects. Any professional malpractice or negligence by such investigators, nurses or other employees could potentially result in liability to us in the event of personal injury to or death of a subject in clinical trials. This liability, particularly if it were to exceed the limits of any indemnification agreements and insurance coverage we may have, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.  
 Our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations.  
 We maintain insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with our operations and our ordinary indemnification obligations, which we believe to be customary for our industry. The coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims we may make or may be contested by our insurance carriers. If our insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with our operations, or if we are unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially adversely impacted.  
 Exchange rate fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 9.3% and 8.4% of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, respectively, and 24.2% and 24.9% of our operational costs, including, but not limited to, salaries, wages and other employee benefits were denominated in foreign currencies, respectively. Of these exposures, 91.7% and 94.9% of our revenue denominated in foreign currencies, respectively, and 46.1% and 46.8% of our operational costs denominated in foreign currencies, respectively, were Euro denominated. Because a large portion of our net service revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and our financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could significantly affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 The revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into U.S. dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results.  
 We are subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between the consummation and cash settlement of a transaction. We earn revenue from our service contracts over a period of several months and, in some cases, over several years. Accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations during such periods may affect our profitability with respect to such contracts.  
 Additionally, the majority of our global contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars or Euros, while the currency used to fund our operating costs in foreign countries is denominated in various different currencies. Fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies we use to contract with our customers and the currencies in which we incur cost to complete those contracts can have a significant impact on our results of operations.  
 We may limit these risks through exchange rate fluctuation provisions stated in our service contracts. We have not, however, mitigated all of our foreign currency transaction risk, and we may experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside the United States and foreign currency transaction risk associated with our service contracts.  
 Our relationships with existing or potential customers who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other customers or potential customers use our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.  
   The biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with companies each seeking to persuade payors, providers and patients that their drug therapies are more cost-effective than competing therapies marketed or being developed by competing firms. In addition to the adverse competitive interests that biopharmaceutical companies have with each other, these companies also have adverse interests with respect to drug selection, coverage and reimbursement with other participants in the healthcare industry, including payors and providers. Biopharmaceutical companies also compete to be first to the market with new drug therapies. We regularly provide services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and we sometimes provide services to such customers regarding competing drugs in development. Our existing or future relationships with our biopharmaceutical customers may deter other biopharmaceutical customers from using our services or, in certain instances, may result in our customers seeking to place limits on  
 - 33 - 
 
  our ability to serve their competitors and other industry participants. In   addition, our further expansion into the broader healthcare market may adversely impact our relationships with biopharmaceutical customers, and such customers may elect not to use our services, reduce the scope of services that we provide to them or seek t  o place restrictions on our ability to serve customers in the broader healthcare market with interests that are adverse to theirs. Any loss of customers or reductions in the level of revenues from a customer could have a material adverse effect on our busi  ness, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   
 If we are unable to successfully integrate potential future acquisitions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.  
 We anticipate that a portion of our future growth may come from targeted acquisitions to expand our current capabilities and service offerings. The success of any acquisition will depend upon, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired personnel, operations, products and technologies into our business and to retain the key personnel and customers of our acquired businesses. In addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain any necessary financing on commercially acceptable terms. We may also spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition targets but not complete the transaction. Any acquisition could involve other risks, including, among others, the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits, issuances of potentially dilutive securities or interest-bearing debt, loss of key employees of the acquired companies, transaction expenses, diversion of management s attention from other business concerns and, with respect to the acquisition of international companies, the inability to overcome differences in international business practices, language and customs. Our failure to successfully integrate potential future acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 We have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our balance sheet, and our results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible  assets.   
 Our balance sheet reflects goodwill and intangibles assets of $661.0 million and $148.7 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. Collectively, goodwill and intangibles assets represented 82.9% of our total assets as of September 30, 2016. Our goodwill was recorded in connection with Cinven s acquisition of us in 2014. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. We assess the realizability of our indefinite lived intangible assets and goodwill annually and conduct an interim evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. In addition, we review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value in relation to estimates of future discounted cash flows. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of our businesses. The carrying amount of the goodwill could be impaired if there is a downturn in our business or our industry or other factors that affect the fair value of our business, in which case a charge to earnings would become necessary. If we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. For example, in conjunction with the 2015 fourth quarter annual assessment of goodwill, we determined that goodwill related to our Clinics reporting unit was impaired and we recognized an impairment charge of $9.3 million, which represented 100% of the goodwill that had been allocated to this reporting unit. Such impairment charges in the future could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards or certain other tax attributes may be limited .   
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change, by value, in the aggregate stock ownership of certain shareholders over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards to offset its future taxable income and other pre-change tax attributes may be limited. We have experienced at least one ownership change in the past. We may experience additional ownership changes in the future. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership (including future sales by Cinven) could result in additional ownership changes. Any such ownership changes could limit our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset any future taxable income and other tax attributes. State and foreign tax laws may also impose limitations on our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes.  
 Our operations involve the use and disposal of hazardous substances and waste which can give rise to liability that could adversely impact our financial condition.  
   We conduct activities that have involved, and may continue to involve, the controlled use of hazardous materials and the creation of hazardous substances, including medical waste and other highly regulated substances. As a result, our operations pose the risk of accidental contamination or injury caused by the release of these materials and/or the creation of hazardous substances, including medical waste and other highly regulated substances. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for damages and cleanup costs which, to the extent not covered by existing insurance or indemnification, could harm our business. In addition, other  
 - 34 - 
 
  adverse effects could result from such liability, including reputational damage resulting in the loss of additional business from certain customers.   
 The failure of third parties to provide us critical support services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation.  
 We depend on third parties for support services vital to our business. Such support services include, but are not limited to, laboratory services, third-party transportation and travel providers, technology providers, freight forwarders and customs brokers, drug depots and distribution centers, suppliers or contract manufacturers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials and providers of licensing agreements, maintenance contracts or other services. In addition, we also rely on third-party CROs and other contract clinical personnel for clinical services either in regions where we have limited resources, or in cases where demand cannot be met by our internal staff. The failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide us critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation.  
 We have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and these rights are important to our success.  
 Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to develop, use and protect our proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. Existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, to protect our intellectual property rights. These laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict our ability to protect our innovations. Our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to or duplicative of ours. Further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our rights.  
 The results of the United Kingdom s referendum on withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business.  
 In June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union, or the EU, in a national referendum. The referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the United Kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process. Nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU, including with respect to the laws and regulations that will apply as the United Kingdom determines which EU laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal. The referendum has also given rise to calls for the governments of other EU member states to consider withdrawal. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our common stock.  
 Potential future investments in our customers  businesses or products could have a negative impact on our financial results.  
 We have in the past and may in the future enter into arrangements with our customers or other drug, biologic or medical device companies in which we take on payment risk by making strategic investments in our customers or other drug companies, providing flexible payment terms or fee financing to customers or other companies, or entering into other risk sharing arrangements on trial execution. Our financial results would be adversely affected if the amount realized from any such risk sharing arrangement was less than the value of our services under the contract related to such arrangement.   
 Our operations might be affected by the occurrence of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event.  
 We depend on our customers, investigators, laboratories and other facilities for the continued operation of our business. Although we have contingency plans in place for natural disasters or other catastrophic events, these events, including terrorist attacks, pandemic flu, hurricanes, floods and ice and snow storms, could nevertheless disrupt our operations or those of our customers, investigators and collaboration partners, which could also affect us. Even though we carry business interruption insurance policies and typically have provisions in our contracts that protect us in certain events, we might suffer losses as a result of business interruptions that exceed the coverage available under our insurance policies or for which we do not have coverage. Any natural disaster or catastrophic event affecting us or our customers, investigators or collaboration partners could have a significant negative impact on our operations and financial performance.  
 - 35 - 
 
    Risks Relating to Our Industry   
 Outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate expenditures and R D budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate.  
 Our revenues depend on the level of research and development ( R D ) expenditures, size of the drug development pipelines and outsourcing trends of the biopharmaceutical industry, including the amount of such R D expenditures that is outsourced and subject to competitive bidding among CROs. Accordingly, economic factors and industry trends that affect biopharmaceutical companies affect our business. For example, if biopharmaceutical companies become less able to access capital in the future, they may commit less capital to our services going forward. Also, biopharmaceutical companies continue to seek long-term strategic collaborations with global CROs with favorable pricing terms. Many of our competitors seek out these collaborations, while we generally do not. If our competitors can successfully enter into these collaborations, it may reduce the share of the biopharmaceutical outsourcing business that we might otherwise be positioned to capture.  
 In addition, if the biopharmaceutical industry reduces its outsourcing of clinical trials or such outsourcing fails to grow at projected or expected rates, or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be negatively impacted by consolidation and other factors in the biopharmaceutical industry, which may slow decision making by our customers, result in the delay or cancellation of existing projects, cause reductions in overall R D expenditures or lead to increased pricing pressures. Further, in the event that one of our customers combines with a company that is using the services of one of our competitors, the combined company could decide to use the services of that competitor or another provider. All of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.  
 We face intense competition in many areas of our business and, if we do not compete effectively, our business may be harmed.  
 The CRO industry is highly competitive. We often compete for business with other CROs as well as internal development departments at some of our customers, some of which could be considered large CROs in their own right. We also compete with universities and teaching hospitals. Some of these competitors have greater financial resources and a wider range of service offerings over a greater geographic area than we do. If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. The industry is highly fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of full-service companies with global capabilities similar to ours. Increased competition has led to price and other forms of competition, such as acceptance of less favorable contract terms, which could adversely affect our operating results. In recent years, our industry has experienced consolidation. This trend is likely to produce more competition from the resulting larger companies. Further, certain of our key competitors are private and, therefore, they do not contend with the cost pressures of being a public company. We compete with both large CROs and mid-sized CROs, and have increasingly faced more competition from larger CROs. Our ability to continue to grow and perform effectively will directly impact our success against our competitors. In addition, there are few barriers to entry for smaller specialized companies considering entering the industry. Because of their size and focus, small CROs might compete effectively against larger companies such as us, especially in lower cost geographic areas, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 We may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional regulatory reforms, which may adversely impact the biopharmaceutical industry or otherwise reduce the need for our services or negatively impact our profitability.  
 Numerous government bodies are considering or have adopted various healthcare reforms and may undertake, or are in the process of undertaking, efforts to control growing healthcare costs through legislation, regulation and voluntary agreements with healthcare providers and biopharmaceutical companies, including many of our customers. By way of example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act, was signed into law, which, among other things, expanded, over time, health insurance coverage, imposed health industry cost containment measures, enhanced remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, added new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, imposed new taxes and fees on pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, added new requirements for certain applicable drug and device manufacturers to disclose payments to physicians, including principal investigators, and imposed additional health policy reforms, any of which may significantly impact the biopharmaceutical industry. We are uncertain as to the full effects of these reforms on our business and are unable to predict what legislative proposals, if any, will be adopted in the future. If regulatory cost containment efforts limit the profitability of new drugs, our customers may reduce their R D expenditures, which could reduce the business they outsource to us. Similarly, if regulatory requirements for product testing are relaxed or harmonized across jurisdictions, or simplified drug approval procedures are adopted, the demand for our services could decrease.  
 Government bodies may also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. For example, product safety concerns and recommendations by the Drug Safety Oversight Board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, and new or heightened regulatory requirements may increase our expenses or limit our ability to offer some of our services. Additionally, new or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to conduct industry sponsored clinical trials, which could reduce the need for our services.  
 - 36 - 
 
    Recent consolidation in the biopharmaceutical industry could lead to a reduction in our revenues.   
 The biopharmaceutical industry is currently undergoing a period of increased merger activity. Several large biopharmaceutical companies have recently completed mergers and acquisitions that will consolidate the outsourcing trends and R D expenditures into fewer companies, and many larger and medium sized biopharmaceutical companies have been acquiring smaller biopharmaceutical companies. As a result of this and future consolidations, our customer diversity may decrease and our business may be adversely affected.  
 If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected.  
 Even though we do not order healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse are applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws of both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If we or our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.  
 Current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data could result in increased risks of liability or increased cost to us or could limit our service offerings.  
 The confidentiality, collection, use and disclosure of personal data, including clinical trial patient-specific information, are subject to governmental regulation generally in the country in which the personal data was collected or used. For example, U.S. federal regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 and their implementing regulations, including the Privacy and Security Rules, or collectively, HIPAA, generally require individuals  written authorization, in addition to any required informed consent, before protected health information may be used for research and such regulations specify standards for de-identifications and for limited data sets. We may also be subject to applicable state privacy and security laws and regulations in states in which we operate. Two of our subsidiaries, Medpace Clinical Pharmacology, LLC and C-MARC, LLC, are covered entities under HIPAA. Further, because of amendments to the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules that were promulgated on January 25, 2013, known as the Omnibus Final Rule, service providers to covered entities under HIPAA, known as business associates, are now directly subject to HIPAA. There are some instances where we may be a HIPAA  business associate  of a  covered entity,  meaning that we may be directly liable for any breaches of protected health information and other HIPAA violations. We are also liable contractually under any business associate agreements we have signed with covered entities. If we are determined to be a business associate, we would be subject to HIPAA s enforcement scheme, which, as amended, can result in up to $1.5 million in annual civil penalties for each HIPAA violation. A single breach incident can result in multiple violations of the HIPAA standards, meaning that penalties could be in excess of $1.5 million. In addition, the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Improvement Act of 2015 required all federal agencies to adjust their civil monetary penalties to inflation, no later than August 1, 2016. As a result, the minimum annual penalties for each HIPPA violation which occurs later than February 17, 2009 are now $1.7 million.  
 HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents for violations. Courts are able to award damages, costs and attorneys  fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to file suit against us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care cases in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of protected health information. In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities and their business associates for compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security standards, and Phase 2 of these audits, focusing on business associates has begun.  
   In the EU, personal data includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person with health information carrying additional obligations, including obtaining the explicit consent from the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. In addition, we are subject to EU rules with respect to export of such data out of the EU. Such data export rules are constantly changing, for example, following a decision of the European Court of Justice in October 2015, transferring personal data to U.S. companies like us that had certified as a member of the EU-U.S. Safe Harbor Scheme was declared invalid and the other methods to permit transfer are now under review. In July 2016, the European Commission approved the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, which replaces the U.S. Safe Harbor Scheme. The United States, the EU and its member states, and other countries where we have operations, such as Singapore and Russia, continue to issue new privacy and data protection rules and regulations that relate to personal data and health information. Failure to comply with certain certification/registration and annual re-certification/registration provisions associated with these data protection and privacy regulations and rules in various jurisdictions, or to resolve any serious privacy or security complaints, could subject us to regulatory sanctions, criminal prosecution or civil liability. Federal, state and  
 - 37 - 
 
  foreign governments may propose or have adopted additional legislation governing the collection, possession, use or dissemination of personal data, such as personal hea  lth information, and personal financial data as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. Additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures and proces  ses or bring within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other personal data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. Additionally, if we violate applicable laws, regulations o  r duties relating to the use, privacy or security of personal data, we could be subject to civil liability or criminal prosecution, be forced to alter our business practices and suffer reputational harm. The laws in the EU are under reform and from early 2  018 onwards, we will be subject to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, because we are processing data in the EU. The GDPR increases the deadline for data breach notifications, imposes additional obligations when we process   personal data on behalf of our customers, including in relation to security measures, and increases administrative burdens on companies processing personal data. If we do not comply with our obligations under the GDPR we could be exposed to significant fin  es of up to 20 million EUR or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher.   
 The biopharmaceutical industry has a history of patent and other intellectual property litigation, and we might be involved in costly intellectual property lawsuits.  
 The biopharmaceutical industry has a history of intellectual property litigation, and these lawsuits will likely continue in the future. Accordingly, even without wrongdoing on our part, we may face patent infringement suits by companies that have patents for similar business processes or other suits alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. Legal proceedings relating to intellectual property could be expensive, take significant time and divert management s attention from other business concerns, regardless of the outcome of the litigation. If we do not prevail in an infringement lawsuit brought against us, we might have to pay substantial damages, and we could be required to stop the infringing activity or obtain a license to use technology on unfavorable terms. Further, our customers could be similarly exposed to intellectual property suits and the resulting economic and operational strain defending such claims could negatively impact such customers  ability to fund or continue ongoing clinical trials on which we are working.  
 Actions by regulatory authorities or customers to limit the scope of or withdraw an approved drug, biologic or medical device from the market could result in a loss of revenue.  
 Government regulators have the authority, after approving a drug, biologic or medical device, to limit its indication for use by requiring additional labeled warnings or to withdraw the product s approval for its approved indication based on safety or other concerns. Similarly, customers may act to voluntarily limit the availability of approved products or withdraw them from the market after we begin our work. If we are providing services to customers for products that are limited in availability or withdrawn, we may be required to narrow the scope of or terminate our services with respect to such products, which would prevent us from earning the full amount of net service revenue anticipated under the related service contracts.  
 If we do not keep pace with rapid technological changes, our services may become less competitive or obsolete.  
 The biopharmaceutical industry generally, and drug development and clinical research more specifically, are subject to rapid technological changes. Our current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, our current or future technologies and services. If our competitors introduce superior technologies or services and if we cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, our competitive position would be harmed. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose customers or be unable to attract new customers, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  
 Circumstances beyond our control could cause the CRO industry to suffer reputational or other harm that could result in an industry-wide reduction in demand for CRO services, which could harm our business.  
 Demand for our services may be affected by perceptions of our customers regarding the CRO industry as a whole. For example, other CROs could engage in conduct that could render our customers less willing to do business with us or any CRO. Likewise, a widely reported injury to clinical trial participants could result in negative perceptions of clinical trial activity, thereby adversely impacting our industry. One or more CROs could engage in or fail to detect malfeasance, such as inadequately monitoring sites, producing inaccurate databases or analysis, falsifying patient records, and performing incomplete lab work, or take other actions that would reduce the confidence of our customers in the CRO industry. As a result, the willingness of biopharmaceutical companies to outsource R D services to CROs could diminish and our business could thus be harmed materially by events outside our control.  
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness  
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations and may otherwise restrict our activities.  
   Our Senior Secured Credit Facilities consist of a $60.0 million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility maturing in April 2019 and a $530.0 million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility maturing in April 2021. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $165.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility and no borrowings outstanding under our Senior  
 - 38 - 
 
  Secured Revolving Credit Facility. In addition, we had up to $60.0 million of additional borrowing capacity available under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affec  t our financial condition and thus make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. If our cash flow is not sufficient to service our debt and adequately fund our business, we may be required to   seek further additional financing or refinancing or dispose of assets. We might not be able to influence any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms or at all. Our substantial indebtedness could also:   

increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic, industry or competitive developments;      

require us to dedicate a more substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes;      

limit our ability to make required payments under our existing contractual commitments, including our existing long-term indebtedness;      

limit our ability to fund a change of control offer;      

require us to sell certain assets;      

restrict us from making strategic investments, including acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures;      

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in market conditions, our business and the industry in which we operate;      

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;      

cause us to incur substantial fees from time to time in connection with debt amendments or refinancings;      

increase our exposure to rising interest rates because a portion of our borrowings is at variable interest rates; and      

limit our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow on terms that are satisfactory to us.      

 For more information about our indebtedness, see  Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Indebtedness  and Note 7 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. Incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition.  
 Although the credit agreement governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contains restrictions on our incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could increase. To the extent new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks to our financial condition would increase.  
 While the credit agreement governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities also contains restrictions on our ability to make loans and investments, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.  
 Covenant restrictions under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities may limit our ability to operate our business.  
 The agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities contains covenants that may restrict our ability to, among other things:  

create, incur or assume any lien upon any of our property, assets or revenue;      

make or hold certain investments;      

incur or assume any indebtedness;      

merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into another person;      

make certain dispositions of property or other assets (including sale leaseback transactions);      

declare or make certain restricted payments, including dividends;      

enter into certain transactions with affiliates;      

prepay subordinated debt;      

enter into burdensome agreements;      

engage in any material line of business substantially different from our currently conducted business; or      

change our fiscal year.      

 In addition, if we have drawn greater than 30% of the commitments under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility as of the last date of any quarter, then we are required to report compliance with a financial covenant that is tested at the end of such quarter. This financial covenant requires us to maintain a funded first lien net debt to consolidated EBITDA leverage ratio of less than or equal to 7.50:1.00. As of September 30, 2016, we maintained a net debt to consolidated EBITDA leverage ratio, as defined under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, of 1.20:1.00. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Agreement.  
 - 39 - 
 
    Although the covenants in ou  r Senior Secured Credit Facilities are subject to various exceptions, we cannot assure you that these covenants will not adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other activities that may be in our best int  erest. In addition, in certain circumstances, our long-term debt requires us to maintain a specified financial ratio and satisfy certain financial condition tests, which may require that we take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to o  ur business objectives. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. If an event of default under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities occurs, the lenders thereunder could elect to declare all amo  unts outstanding thereunder, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. In such case, we might not have sufficient funds to repay all the outstanding amounts. In addition, our Senior Secured Credit Facilities are secured by first pr  iority security interests on substantially all of our assets, including the capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries. If an event of default under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities occurs, the lenders thereunder could exercise their rights under the   related security documents. Any acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or the substantial exercise by the lenders of their rights under the security documents would likely have a material adverse effect on us.   
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful.  
 Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things:  

our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and      

the future availability of borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which depends on, among other things, our complying with the covenants in those facilities.      

 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs.  
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements, may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all, and any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due.  
 Interest rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
 Because a substantial portion of our debt is variable-rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates could have a material effect on our business. As a result, we may incur higher interest costs if interest rates increase. These higher interest costs could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and the levels of cash we maintain for working capital.  
 We are dependent upon our lenders for financing to execute our business strategy and meet our liquidity needs. If our lenders are unable to fund borrowings under their credit commitments or we are unable to borrow, it could negatively impact our business.  
 During periods of volatile credit markets, there is risk that any lenders, even those with strong balance sheets and sound lending practices, could fail or refuse to honor their legal commitments and obligations under existing credit commitments, including but not limited to, extending credit up to the maximum permitted by a credit facility. If our lenders are unable to fund borrowings under their revolving credit commitments or we are unable to borrow (such as having insufficient capacity under our borrowing base), it could be difficult in such environments to obtain sufficient liquidity to meet our operational needs.  
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock  
 Cinven and our Chief Executive Officer and founder collectively control a substantial majority of our outstanding common stock and their interests may be different from or conflict with those of our other shareholders.  
   As of September 30, 2016, Cinven owned approximately 56.5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and Dr. August J. Troendle, our Chief Executive Officer and founder, through his direct ownership of 1,221,416 shares of our common stock and his beneficial ownership of 9,210,118 shares of our common stock held by MPI, controls approximately 25.6% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Additionally, upon a distribution of our common stock held by MPI, our Chief Executive Officer would receive approximately 73% of such shares. Accordingly, both Cinven and Dr. Troendle will be able to exert a significant degree of influence  
 - 40 - 
 
  or actual control over our management and affairs and will control all corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, irrespective of how our other shareholders may vote, including:   

subject to the Voting Agreement (as defined below), the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors, or the Board;      

any amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; or      

the approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets.      

 Moreover, Cinven s and Dr. Troendle s share ownership may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock to the extent investors perceive disadvantages in owning shares of a company with controlling shareholders. In addition, Cinven is in the business of making investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with our business, as well as businesses that are significant existing or potential customers. Cinven may acquire or seek to acquire assets that we seek to acquire and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us or may be more expensive for us to pursue, and as a result, the interests of Cinven may not coincide and may even conflict with the interests of our other shareholders.  
 We are a  controlled company  within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules and, as a result, we qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Our shareholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such requirements.  
 Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, Cinven and Dr. August J. Troendle, our Chief Executive Officer and founder, entered into a voting agreement, or the Voting Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Voting Agreement, for so long as Cinven and Dr. Troendle collectively hold at least 40% of our outstanding voting shares, or the Voting Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms, Cinven will agree to vote its shares of our common stock in favor of the election of Dr. Troendle to our Board (so long as Dr. Troendle remains our Chief Executive Officer) upon his nomination by our Board and Dr. Troendle will agree to vote his shares of our common stock in favor of the election of the directors affiliated with Cinven upon their nomination by our Board; provided, that in the event that Cinven holds less than (a) 40% but greater than or equal to 25% of our voting shares then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall be required to vote for two directors affiliated with Cinven, after giving effect to the directors then sitting on the Board, (b) 25% but greater than or equal to 10% of our voting shares then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall be required to vote for one director affiliated with Cinven, after giving effect to the directors then sitting on the Board and (c) 10% of our voting shares then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall not be required to vote for any directors affiliated with Cinven.  
 Because of the Voting Agreement and the aggregate voting power of Cinven and Dr. Troendle, we are considered a  controlled company  within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of NASDAQ. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a  controlled company  and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that, within one year of the date of the listing of our common stock:  

we have a Board that is composed of a majority of  independent directors,  as defined under the rules of such exchange;      

we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and      

director nominations be made, or recommended to the full Board, by our independent directors or by a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.      

 After we cease to be a  controlled company,  we will be required to comply with the above-referenced requirements within one year.  
 We currently do not have a nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, our shareholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ. Cinven and Dr. Troendle, however, are not subject to any contractual obligation to retain their controlling interest, except that they have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock or other capital stock or other securities exercisable or convertible therefor for a period of at least 180 days after August 10, 2016 without the prior written consent of Jefferies LLC. Except for this brief period, there can be no assurance as to the period of time during which Cinven and Dr. Troendle will maintain their ownership of our common stock. As a result, there can be no assurance as to the period of time during which we will be able to avail ourselves of the controlled company exemptions.  
 Upon the sale of a sufficient number of shares by Cinven or Dr. Troendle, we will no longer be a controlled company, and we may have difficulties complying with the NASDAQ rules listed above. We intend to comply with these NASDAQ rules if we cease to be a controlled company. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with such rules during the phase-in period for compliance.  
 - 41 - 
 
    Our anti-takeover provisions could prevent or d  elay a change in control of our company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our shareholders.   
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our shareholders. These provisions include:  

authorizing the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock that could be issued by our Board to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;      

establishing a classified Board so that not all members of our Board are elected at one time;      

the removal of directors only for cause;      

prohibiting the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors;      

limiting the ability of shareholders to call special meetings or amend our bylaws;      

requiring all shareholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our shareholders and not by written consent; and      

establishing advance notice and duration of ownership requirements for nominations for election to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholder meetings.      

 These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. In addition, because our Board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our shareholders to replace current members of our management team.  
 In addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, to which we are subject, prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets or business combinations with any shareholder or group of shareholders who owns at least 15% of our common stock for three years following their becoming the owner of 15% of our common stock.  
 Cinven and our non-employee directors may acquire interests and positions that could present potential conflicts with our and our shareholders  interests .   
 Cinven and our non-employee directors make investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Cinven and our non-employee directors may also pursue, for their own accounts, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities might not be available to us. Our organizational documents contain provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy held by Cinven or by our non-employee directors in corporate opportunities. Accordingly, the interests of Cinven and our non-employee directors may supersede ours, causing Cinven or its affiliates or our non-employee directors and their affiliates to compete against us or to pursue opportunities instead of us, for which we have no recourse. Such actions on the part of Cinven or our non-employee directors and inaction on our part could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 Full-time investment professionals of Cinven occupy three seats on our Board. Because Cinven could invest in entities that directly or indirectly compete with us, when conflicts arise between the interests of Cinven and the interests of our shareholders, these directors may not be disinterested.  
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock.  
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium to the market price, and materially and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.  
 The provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.  
   Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine will have to be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware. Although we believe  
 - 42 - 
 
  this provision benefits us by provid  ing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.   
 Failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.  
 As a public company, we are now required to comply with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. We are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. Though we are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, we are not required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating.  
 To comply with the requirements of being a newly public company, we have undertaken various actions, and may need to take additional actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. Testing and maintaining internal control can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. Additionally, when evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that will cause us to be out of compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting once we are no longer an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.  
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.  
 As a publicly traded company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we were not required to incur in the recent past. Further, these costs may increase after we are no longer an  emerging growth company  as defined under the JOBS Act. In addition, compliance with new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Customer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, as well as under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly. For example, the Exchange Act requires us, among other things, to file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. Being a public company and being subject to new rules and regulations has made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to continue to obtain coverage. As such, we expect to continue to incur additional annual expenses of $3.0 million to $4.0 million related to operating as a public company. These factors may therefore strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members of our Board and adversely affect our operating margins.  
 Furthermore, the need to continue to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert management s attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a publicly traded company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a publicly traded company.  
 - 43 - 
 
    Our operating results and share price may be volatile, and the market price of our common stock may drop  .   
 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated, and are likely to fluctuate in the future. In addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of shares of our common stock to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. The public market for our common stock is new and the trading price of shares of our common stock may fluctuate in response to various factors, including:  

market conditions in the broader stock market or in the healthcare sector;      

developments affecting biopharmaceutical companies generally or biopharmaceutical research and development outsourcing;      

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results;      

introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors;      

the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;      

changes in, or failure to meet, earnings estimates or recommendations by research analysts who track our common stock or the stock of other companies in our industries;      

strategic actions by us, our customers or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings;      

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;      

issuance of new or changed securities analysts  reports or recommendations or termination of coverage of our common stock by securities analysts;      

sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;      

the granting or exercise of employee stock options;      

volume of trading in our common stock;      

additions or departures of key personnel;      

regulatory or political developments;      

litigation and governmental investigations;      

changing economic conditions;      

defaults on our indebtedness;      

exchange rate fluctuations; and      

the other factors listed in this  Risk Factors  section.      

 These and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price and demand for shares of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. While we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of shares of our common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our shareholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. As of September 30, 2016, we had 40,716,410 shares of outstanding common stock. Outstanding shares of our common stock are freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except as described in the next paragraph with respect to the lock-up arrangements and for any shares of our common stock that may be held or acquired by our directors, executive officers and other affiliates, as that term is defined in the Securities Act, which will be or are restricted securities under the Securities Act. Restricted securities may not be sold in the public market unless the sale is registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available.  
 In connection with the IPO, we and each of our directors, executive officers and holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock and options prior to the IPO agreed with the underwriters, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock or other capital stock or other securities exercisable or convertible therefor for a period of at least 180 days after August 10, 2016 without the prior written consent of Jefferies LLC, which acted as a representative of the underwriters in the IPO. All of the shares of our common stock outstanding may be sold in the public market by existing shareholders following the expiration of the lock-up period, subject to applicable limitations imposed under federal securities laws.  
 We are also party to a registration rights agreement, or the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the shares of common stock held by Cinven and Dr. August J. Troendle, our Chief Executive Officer and founder, are eligible for resale, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.  
 - 44 - 
 
    In connection with the IPO, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securit  ies Act to register all shares of common stock issued or issuable under the 2016 Incentive Award Plan, which became effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market follow  ing the expiration of the applicable lock-up period. The registration statement on Form S-8 covers 6,000,000 shares of our common stock.   
 As restrictions on resale expire or as shares are registered, our share price could drop significantly if the holders of these restricted or newly registered shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These sales might also make it more difficult for us to sell securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.  
 In the future, we may also issue additional securities if we need to raise capital or make acquisitions, which could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of common stock.  
 Because we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it.  
 We do not anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may continue to be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including under our existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. Therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur.  
 We are a holding company and rely on dividends and other payments, advances and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and pay any dividends.  
 We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than ownership of 100% of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. Because we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, and to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock. Legal and contractual restrictions in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and other agreements which may govern future indebtedness of our subsidiaries, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. The earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries might not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or other obligations. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our share price and trading volume could decline.  
 The trading market for shares of our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our share price could decline.  
 We are an  emerging growth company  and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors.  
 The JOBS Act provides that, so long as a company qualifies as an  emerging growth company,  it will, among other things:  

be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting;      

be exempt from the  say on pay  and  say on golden parachute  advisory vote requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act;      

be exempt from certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of its executive officers and be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Exchange Act; and      

be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement to the auditor s report on the financial statements.      

   We currently take advantage of each of the exemptions described above. In connection with our IPO, we irrevocably elected not to take advantage of the extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act. We could be an emerging growth company up to the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the  
 - 45 - 
 
  completion of our IPO. We cannot predict if investors will find   our common stock less attractive if we elect to rely on these exemptions, or if taking advantage of these exemptions would result in less active trading or more volatility in the price of our common stock.  
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, and Use of Proceeds 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On July 1, 2016, an employee exercised stock options granted under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase a total of 7,407 shares of our common stock at a price of $14.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $106,700. 
 On July 8, 2016, an employee exercised stock options granted under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase a total of 1,333 shares of our common stock at a price of $14.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $19,200.  
 On September 1, 2016, an employee exercised stock options granted under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase a total of 11,111 shares of our common stock at a price of $14.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $161,000.  
 On September 8, 2016, an employee exercised stock options granted under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase a total of 4,444 shares of our common stock at a price of $14.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $64,000.  
 The sales of the above securities were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Rule 701 promulgated under Section 3(b) of the Securities Act as transactions pursuant to benefit plans and contracts relating to compensation as provided under Rule 701. 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 On August 16, 2016 we completed our IPO of our common stock. The shares sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the registration statements on Form S-1 (File No.   333-212236), as amended, which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2016. We issued and sold 8,050,000 shares of common stock, including 1,050,000 common shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares, at a price of $23.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of $185.2 million. The Company raised from the IPO net proceeds of approximately $173.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately $11.6 million. No offering expenses were paid or are payable, directly or indirectly, to any of our officers, directors or their associates, to any person owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities or to any of our affiliates.  
 Jefferies LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as joint lead book-running managers and as representatives of the underwriters for the IPO. The offering commenced on August 10, 2016 and did not terminate before all of the securities registered in the Registration Statement were sold.  
 As contemplated in the Prospectus, the net proceeds from the IPO, along with cash on hand, were used to repay $175.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. No payments from the net proceeds were made, directly or indirectly, to any of our officers, directors, or their associates, to any person owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities or to any of our affiliates.   
     Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
     Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
     Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits in the accompanying Exhibit Index following the signature page are filed or furnished as a part of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

- 46 - 
 
        SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC.  

/s/ Jesse J. Geiger  

Jesse J. Geiger  

Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer, Laboratory Operations 
 (Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 

- 47 - 
 
        EXHIBI  T INDEX  

- 48 - 

32.1   

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

**  

32.2  

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

**  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

*  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

*  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  

*  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

*  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

*  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation  

*  

*   
 
 Filed herewith.    

**   
 
 Furnished herewith.    

- 49 -  

<EX-4.2>
 2
 medp-ex42_269.htm
 EX-4.2

medp-ex42_269.htm

Exhibit 4.2 
  VOTING   AGREEMENT  
 THIS VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of August 10, 2016, is entered into by and between (i) Dr. August J. Troendle (  Dr. Troendle  ) and (ii) the entities listed on  Schedule 1  attached hereto (collectively, the   Cinven Stockholders   and, together with Dr. Troendle, the   Principal Stockholders  ).  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in  Section 1.1 . 
  W I T N E S S E T H : 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to set forth their agreement with respect to the voting for members of the Board of Directors of Medpace Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the   Company  ), in connection with their respective investments in the Company; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and understandings set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
     ARTICLE I     Certain Definitions  
      Definitions  .  
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: 
   Agreement   shall mean this Voting Agreement as in effect on the date hereof and as hereafter from time to time amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof. 
   Board of Directors   shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
   Bylaws   shall mean the Bylaws of the Company, as they may be amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
   Common Shares   shall mean the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. 
   Director   shall mean a member of the Board of Directors. 
   Effective Date   shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 4.11 . 
   Initial Public Offering   means the first public offering and sale of equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
   Cinven Directors   shall mean the persons affiliated with the Cinven Stockholders who are nominated for election as a Director.  The initial Cinven Directors shall be Supraj Rajagopalan, Alex Leslie and Matthew Norton. 
   Management Director   shall mean Dr. August J. Troendle. 
   Person   shall mean an individual, corporation, company, limited liability company, association, partnership, joint venture, organization, business, trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or any subdivision or agency thereof. 
   Shares   shall mean (i) the Common Shares issued and outstanding at the Effective Date and held by any Principal Stockholder and (ii) any Common Shares hereafter acquired by any Principal Stockholder, including pursuant to conversion or exercise of any option, convertible security or warrant or other right to acquire Common Shares, whether or not held by any of the Principal Stockholders as of the Effective Date. 

Voting Shares    shall mean shares of capital stock of the Company of an  y class, classes or series, the holders of which are generally entitled to vote for the election of Directors.  
   ARTICLE II   agreement to vote shares  
      Board of Directors  .  
 Each Principal Stockholder hereby agrees to vote all Shares owned or held of record by such Principal Stockholder at each annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company (and at every adjournment or postponement thereof) at which Directors are to be elected, in favor of, or to take all actions by written consent in lieu of any such meeting as are necessary to cause, the election as members of the Board of Directors of (in each case, to the extent such persons are recommended to the Board of Directors for nomination for election as a Director by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors (or in the event the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is not yet formed or has no sitting members, to the extent such persons are recommended by the Board of Directors for nomination for election as a Director)): 
  (i)    the Cinven Directors; and   
  (ii)    so long as at the time of such vote, Dr. Troendle is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (as defined in the Bylaws), the Management Director.  
 Notwithstanding the obligations set forth in Section 2.1(i) above, in the event that the Cinven Stockholders hold less than (a) 40% but greater than or equal to 25% of the Voting Shares of the Company then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall be required to vote for two Cinven Directors, after giving effect to the Cinven Directors then-sitting on the Board of Directors, (b) 25% but greater than or equal to 10% of the Voting Shares of the Company then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall be required to vote for one Cinven Director, after giving effect to the Cinven Directors then-sitting on the Board of Directors, and (c) 10% of the Voting Shares of the Company then outstanding, Dr. Troendle shall not be required to vote for any of the Cinven Directors pursuant to this Section 2.1.   
    Restrictions on Other Agreements  .  
 No Principal Stockholder shall grant any proxy or enter into or agree to be bound by any voting trust, agreement or arrangement of any kind with any Person with respect to its Shares if and to the extent the terms thereof conflict with the provisions of this Agreement (whether or not such proxy, voting trust, agreements or arrangements are with other Principal Stockholders, holders of Common Shares that are not parties to this Agreement or otherwise). 
     ARTICLE III     Representations and Warranties  
 Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby represents and warrants to each other party to this Agreement that as of the date such party executes this Agreement: 
      Existence; Authority; Enforceability  .  
   Such party has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder.  If such party is an entity, it is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and the execution of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, have been authorized by all necessary action, and no other act or proceeding on its part is necessary to authorize the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.  If such party is a natural person, such person has full capacity to contract.  This Agreement has been duly executed by each of the parties hereto and constitutes his or its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against him or it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors  rights generally, or by the general principles of equity.  No representation is made by any party with respect to the regulatory effect of this Agreement, and each of the parties has had an opportunity to consult with counsel as to his or its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement.  No party makes any representation to any  
 2 

other party as to future law or regulation or the future interpretation of existing laws or regulations by any governmental authority or self-regulatory organization.  
      Absence of Conflicts  .  
 The execution and delivery by such party of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder does not and will not (i) conflict with, or result in the breach of, any provision of the constitutive documents of such party, if any; (ii) result in any violation, breach, conflict, default or event of default (or an event which with notice, lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default or event of default), or give rise to any right of acceleration or termination or any additional payment obligation, under the terms of any contract, agreement or permit to which such party is a party or by which such party s assets or operations are bound or affected; or (iii) violate any law applicable to such party. 
      Consents  .  
 Other than any consents which have already been obtained, no consent, waiver, approval, authorization, exemption, registration, license or declaration is required to be made or obtained by such party in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement. 
     ARTICLE IV     Miscellaneous  
    Termination  .  
 This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect upon the earliest to occur of:  (a) Dr. Troendle and the Cinven Stockholders ceasing to collectively own at least 40% of the Voting Shares of the Company then outstanding, (b) the written agreement of Dr. Troendle, on the one hand, and the Cinven Stockholders, on the other hand, to terminate this Agreement, (c) the provisions of Article II hereof becoming illegal or being interpreted by any governmental authority to be illegal, (d) the removal of Dr. Troendle as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company solely by the action of the Board of Directors, or (e) any exchange on which the Company s Common Shares are traded asserting, in writing, that the existence of this Agreement will threaten the continued listing of the Company s Common Shares on such exchange. 
      Successors and Assigns; Beneficiaries  .  
 Except as otherwise provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. 
      Amendment and Modification; Waiver of Compliance  .  
 (a) This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument duly executed by Dr. Troendle and the Cinven  Stockholders. 
 (b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any failure of any of the parties hereto to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived by the party entitled to the benefits thereof  only by a written instrument signed by the party granting such waiver, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure. 
      Notices  .  
 Any notice, request, claim, demand, document and other communication hereunder to any party shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by facsimile, or first class mail, or by Federal Express, United Parcel Service or other similar courier or other similar means of communication, as follows: 
  (i)    If to Dr. Troendle, addressed to:   
  Medpace Holdings, Inc.  
  5375 Medpace Way  
  Cincinnati, Ohio 45227  
  Attn: Dr. August Troendle  
  Facsimile: (513) 579-0444  
 3 

(ii)    If to (a) Fifth Cinven Fund (No.1) Limited Partnership, (b) Fifth Cinven Fund (No.2) Limited Partnership, (c) Fifth Cinven Fund (No.3) Limited Partnership, (d) Fifth Cinven Fund (No.4) Limited Partnership, (e) Fift  h Cinven Fund (No.5) Limited Partnership or (f) Fifth Cinven Fund (No.6) Limited Partnership, addressed to:  
  East Wing  
  Trafalgar Court  
  Les Banques   
  St Peter Port  
  Guernsey  
  GY1 3PP  
  (iii)    If to Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership, addressed to:  
  Warwick Court  
  Paternoster Square  
  London  
  United Kingdom  
  EC4M 7AG  
  (iv)    If to Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF, addressed to:  
  7, rue Lou Hemmer  
  L-1748  
  Luxembourg  
 or, in each case, to such other address or facsimile number or email address as such party may designate in writing to each Principal Stockholder by written notice given in the manner specified herein. 
 All such communications shall be deemed to have been given, delivered or made when so delivered by hand or sent by facsimile (with confirmed transmission), on the next business day if sent by overnight courier service (with confirmed delivery) or when received if sent by first class mail. 
      Entire Agreement  .  
 The provisions of this Agreement and the other writings referred to herein or delivered pursuant hereto which form a part hereof contain the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior oral and written agreements and memoranda and undertakings among the parties hereto with regard to such subject matter. 
      CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL  .  
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED, APPLIED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE NON-BREACHING PARTY WOULD BE IRREPARABLY HARMED AND COULD NOT BE MADE WHOLE BY MONETARY DAMAGES, AND THAT, IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER REMEDY TO WHICH THE NON-BREACHING PARTY MAY BE ENTITLED AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, THE NON BREACHING PARTY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO SUCH EQUITABLE OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF AS MAY BE APPROPRIATE.  THE CHOICE OF FORUM SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO PRECLUDE THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT OF A DELAWARE FEDERAL OR STATE COURT, OR THE TAKING OF ANY ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO ENFORCE SUCH A JUDGMENT, IN ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION. 
   IN THE EVENT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT COMMENCES ANY LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTERS DESCRIBED OR CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THEREIN, THE  
 4 

PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY (A) AGREE UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES ABSOLUTELY AND IRREVOCABLY TO INSTITUTE ANY LITIGATION,   PROCEEDING OR OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WHETHER A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT; (B) AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION, SUCH PARTIES WILL CONSENT AND SUBMIT TO   THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (A) OF THIS SECTION AND TO SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THEM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES AND STATUTES GOVERNING SERVICE OF PROCESS (IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL BE DEEMED   TO PREVENT ANY PARTY FROM SEEKING TO REMOVE ANY ACTION TO A FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE); (C) AGREE TO WAIVE TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY OBJECTION THAT THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING O  R ACTION IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM; (D) AGREE, AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL, TO WAIVE ANY RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT;   (E) AGREE TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BY MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF TO SUCH PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN FOR COMMUNICATIONS TO SUCH PARTY; (F) AGREE THAT ANY SERVICE MADE AS PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE   IN EVERY RESPECT; AND (G) AGREE THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHTS OF ANY PARTY TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  
      Counterparts  .  
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
      Further Assurances  .  
 At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as any other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the provisions of this Agreement and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties hereunder. 
    Schedule 13D  .  
 In accordance with the requirements of Rule 13d-1(k) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  ), and subject to the limitations set forth therein, each party hereto agrees to file an appropriate Schedule 13D no later than 10 calendar days following the Effective Date.  
  Specific Performance  .  
   
 The parties hereto agree that the other parties would be irreparably damaged in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by any of the parties in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached by any party, and that the other parties would not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages in such event.  It is accordingly agreed that each of the parties shall be entitled, without posting any bond or other undertaking, to specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which each party is entitled at law or in equity. 
  Effectiveness of Agreement  .  
 Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, this Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be effective (such date, the   Effective Date  ).  However, to the extent the closing of such Initial Public Offering does not occur, the provisions of this Agreement shall be without any force or effect. 
 *       *       *  
   
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has signed this Agreement as of the date first above written:  

By:  

/s/ Dr. August J. Troendle  

Name:  Dr. August J. Troendle  

Signature Page to Voting Support Agreement 

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 1) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

Signature Page to Voting Support Agreement 

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 3) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 4) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

Signature Page to Voting Support Agreement 

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 5) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

FIFTH CINVEN FUND (NO. 6) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:  
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:  
 
 Director  

FIFTH CINVEN FUND CO-INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP  

By: CIP (V) Nominees Limited  

Its: Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dr. Babett Carrier  

Name:  
 
 Dr. Babett Carrier  

Title:  
 
 Director  

FIFTH CINVEN FUND FCP-SIF  

By:  
 
 Cinven Manco S.A.R.L.  

Its:  
 
 Manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Gautier Laurent  

Name:  
 
 Gautier Laurent  

Title:  
 
 Manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Marc Lamberty  

Name:  
 
 Marc Lamberty  

Title:  
 
 Manager  

Signature Page to Voting Support Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1  
 Cinven STOCKHOLDERS 

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 1) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 2) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 3) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 4) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 5) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 6) Limited Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership  

Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF  

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 medp-ex101_270.htm
 EX-10.1

medp-ex101_270.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 2016 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
   ARTICLE 1.       PURPOSE  
 The purpose of the Medpace Holdings, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (as it may be amended or restated from time to time, the   Plan  ) is to promote the success and enhance the value of Medpace Holdings, Inc. (the   Company  ) by linking the individual interests of the members of the Board, Employees, and Consultants to those of Company stockholders and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to Company stockholders. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of members of the Board, Employees, and Consultants upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company s operation is largely dependent. 
 ARTICLE 2.     DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION  
 Wherever the following terms are used in the Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The singular pronoun shall include the plural where the context so indicates. 
   2.1    Administrator   shall mean the entity that conducts the general administration of the Plan as provided in Article 12. With reference to the duties of the Committee under the Plan which have been delegated to one or more Persons pursuant to Section 12.6, or as to which the Board has assumed, the term  Administrator  shall refer to such Person(s) unless the Committee or the Board has revoked such delegation or the Board has terminated the assumption of such duties. 
 2.2    Applicable Accounting Standards   shall mean Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, International Financial Reporting Standards or such other accounting principles or standards as may apply to the Company s financial statements under United States federal securities laws from time to time. 
 2.3    Applicable Law   shall mean any applicable law, including without limitation: (a) provisions of the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements or regulations, whether federal, state, local or foreign; and (c) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded.  
 2.4    Automatic Exercise Date   shall mean, with respect to an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right, the last business day of the applicable Option Term or Stock Appreciation Right Term that was initially established by the Administrator for such Option or Stock Appreciation Right ( e.g. , the last business day prior to the seventh anniversary of the date of grant of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right if the Option or Stock Appreciation Right initially had a seven-year Option Term or Stock Appreciation Right Term, as applicable). 
 2.5    Award   shall mean an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Restricted Stock award, a Restricted Stock Unit award, an Other Stock or Cash Based Award or a Dividend Equivalent award, which may be awarded or granted under the Plan. 
   2.6    Award Agreement   shall mean any written notice, agreement, terms and conditions, contract or other instrument or document evidencing an Award, including through electronic medium, which shall contain such terms and conditions with respect to an Award as the Administrator shall determine consistent with the Plan. 
 2.7    Award Limit   shall mean, with respect to Awards that shall be payable in Shares or in cash, as the case may be, the respective limit set forth in Section 3.2.  

2.8       Board    shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 2.9    Change in Control   shall mean and includes each of the following:  
   (a)  A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition;  provided ,  however , that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (i) any acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any acquisition which complies with Sections 2.9(c)(i), 2.9(c)(ii) or 2.9(c)(iii); or (iv) in respect of an Award held by a particular Holder, any acquisition by the Holder or any group of Persons including the Holder (or any entity controlled by the Holder or any group of Persons including the Holder); or 
 (b)  The Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board; or   
   (c)  The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 
   (i)  which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the Person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such Person, the   Successor Entity  )), or Cinven beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 
   (ii)  after which no Person beneficially owns voting securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity;  provided  ,   however , that no Person shall be treated for purposes of this Section 2.9(c)(ii) as beneficially owning 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction; and  
   (iii)  after which at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Successor Entity were Board members at the time of the Board's approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such transaction; or 
 (d)  The date which is 10 business days prior to the completion of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or any portion of an Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b), (c) or (d) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a  change in control event,  as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).   
   The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its sole discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in  

conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a  change in control event  as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) sh  all be consistent with such regulation.  
 2.10    Cinven   shall mean Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partner Limited and its Control Investment Affiliates (excluding, for purposes of the definition of Change in Control, any operating portfolio companies of the foregoing). 
 2.11    Code   shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, together with the regulations and official guidance promulgated thereunder, whether issued prior or subsequent to the grant of any Award. 
 2.12    Committee   shall mean the Compensation  Committee  of the  Board , or another committee or subcommittee of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board described in Article 12   hereof .  
 2.13    Common Stock   shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share. 
   2.14    Company   shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1. 
 2.15    Consultant   shall mean any consultant or adviser engaged to provide services to the Company or any Subsidiary who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for registration of shares on a Form S-8 Registration Statement. 
 2.16    Control   shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise, and   Controlling   and   Controlled   shall have meanings correlative thereto. 
 2.17    Control Investment Affiliate   shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person and (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity investments in one or more companies. 
 2.18     Covered Employee   shall mean any Employee who is, or could become, a  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 
                     2.19    Director   shall mean a member of the Board, as constituted from time to time. 
 2.20    Director Limit   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6. 
 2.21    Dividend Equivalent   shall mean a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares, awarded under Section 10.2. 
     2.22    DRO   shall mean a  domestic relations order  as defined by the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, or the rules thereunder.  
 2.23    Effective Date   shall mean the day prior to the Public Trading Date. 
 2.24    Eligible Individual   shall mean any Person who is an Employee, a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director, as determined by the Administrator. 
 2.25    Employee   shall mean any officer or other employee (as determined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder) of the Company or of any Subsidiary. 
   2.26    Equity Restructuring   shall mean a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other securities of the Company) or the  

share price of Common Stock (or other securities) and causes a change in the per-share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards.  
 2.27    Exchange Act   shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 2.28    Expiration Date   shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 13.1(c). 
 2.29    Fair Market Value   shall mean, as of any given date, the value of a Share determined as follows: 
 (a)  If the Common Stock is (i) listed on any established securities exchange (such as the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ Global Market and the NASDAQ Global Select Market), (ii) listed on any national market system or (iii) quoted or traded on any automated quotation system, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for a Share as quoted on such exchange or system for such date or, if there is no closing sales price for a Share on the date in question, the closing sales price for a Share on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal  or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 (b)  If the Common Stock is  not listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system, but the Common Stock is  regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean of the high bid and low asked prices for such date or, if there are no high bid and low asked prices for a Share on such date, the high bid and low asked prices for a Share on the last preceding date for which such information exists, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal  or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 
 (c)  If the Common Stock is neither listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system nor regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be established by the Administrator in good faith. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award granted after the effectiveness of the Company s registration statement relating to its initial public offering and prior to the Public Trading Date, the Fair Market Value shall mean the initial public offering price of a Share as set forth in the Company s final prospectus relating to its initial public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 2.30    Greater Than 10% Stockholder   shall mean an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary corporation (as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code) or parent corporation thereof (as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code). 
 2.31    Holder   shall mean a Person who has been granted an Award. 
 2.32    Incentive Stock Option   shall mean an Option that is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option and conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 
 2.33    Incumbent Directors   shall mean for any period of 12 consecutive months, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a Person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 2.9(a) or 2.9(c)) whose election or nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least a majority (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such Person is named as a nominee for Director without objection to such nomination) of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved.  No individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to Directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any Person other than the Board shall be an Incumbent Director. 
 2.34    Non-Employee Director   shall mean a Director of the Company who is not an Employee. 

2.35       Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.     
 2.36    Non-Qualified Stock Option   shall mean an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option or which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but does not meet the applicable requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 
 2.37    Option   shall mean a right to purchase Shares at a specified exercise price, granted under Article 6. An Option shall be either a Non-Qualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option;  provided ,  however , that Options granted to Non-Employee Directors and Consultants shall only be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 
 2.38    Option Term   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 
 2.39    Organizational Documents   shall mean, collectively, (a) the Company s articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents relating to the creation and governance of the Company, and (b) the Committee s charter or other similar organizational documentation relating to the creation and governance of the Committee.   
 2.40    Other Stock or Cash Based Award   shall mean a cash payment, cash bonus award, stock payment, stock bonus award, performance award or incentive award that is paid in cash, Shares or a combination of both, awarded under Section 10.1, which may include, without limitation, deferred stock, deferred stock units, performance awards, retainers, committee fees, and meeting-based fees. 
   2.41   Performance-Based Compensation   shall mean any compensation that is intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  as described in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code. 
   2.42    Performance Criteria   shall mean the criteria (and adjustments  ) that the Administrator selects for an Award for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal or Performance Goals for a Performance Period, determined as follows: 
   (a)  The Performance Criteria that shall be used to establish Performance Goals are limited to the following: (i) net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of the following: (A) interest, (B) taxes, (C) depreciation, (D) amortization and (E) non-cash equity-based compensation expense); (ii) gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; (iii) net income (either before or after taxes); (iv) adjusted net income; (v) operating earnings or profit (either before or after taxes); (vi) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow); (vii) return on assets; (viii) return on capital (or invested capital) and cost of capital; (ix) return on stockholders  equity; (x) total stockholder return; (xi) return on sales; (xii) gross or net profit or operating margin; (xiii) costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; (xiv) expenses; (xv) working capital; (xvi) earnings or loss per share; (xvii) adjusted earnings or loss per share; (xviii) price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in and/or maintenance of such price or dividends); (xix) regulatory achievements or compliance; (xx) implementation or completion of critical projects; (xxi) market share; (xxii) economic value; (xxiii) productivity; (xxiv) operating efficiency; (xxv) economic value-added; (xxvi) cash flow return on capital; (xxvii) return on net assets; (xxviii) funds from operations; (xxix) funds available for distributions; (xxx) market penetration and geographic business expansion; (xxxi) customer satisfaction/growth; (xxxii) recruitment and retention of personnel; (xxxiii) human resources management; (xxxiv) supervision of litigation and other legal matters; (xxxv) strategic partnerships and transactions; (xxxvi) financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); (xxxvii) financing and other capital raising transactions; (xxxviii) year-end cash; and (xxxix) acquisition activity and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease or as compared to results of a peer group or to market performance indicators or indices. 
   (b)  The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide that one or more objectively determinable adjustments shall be made to one or more of the Performance Goals. Such adjustments may include, but are not limited to, one or more of the following: (i) items related to a change in Applicable Accounting Standards; (ii) items relating to financing activities; (iii) expenses for restructuring or productivity initiatives; (iv) other non-operating items; (v) items related to acquisitions; (vi) items attributable to the business operations of any  

entity acquired by the Company during the Performance Period; (vii) items related to the sale or disposition of a business or segment of a business; (viii  ) items related to discontinued operations that do not qualify as a segment of a business under Applicable Accounting Standards; (ix) items attributable to   any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of stock occurring   during the Performance P  eriod; (x) any other items of significant income or expense which are determined to be appropriate adjustments; (xi) items of an unusual nature or of infrequency of occurrence or non-recurring items, (xii) items related to amortization of acquired intangib  le assets; (xiii) items that are outside the scope of the Company s core, on-going business activities; (xiv) items related to acquired in-process research and development; (xv) items relating to changes in tax laws; (xvi) items relating to major licensing   or partnership arrangements; (xvii) items relating to asset impairment charges; (xviii) items relating to gains or losses for litigation, arbitration and contractual settlements; (xix) items attributable to expenses incurred in connection with a reduction   in force or early retirement initiative; (xx) items relating to foreign exchange or currency transactions and/or fluctuations; or (xxi) items relating to any other unusual or nonrecurring events or changes in Applicable Law, Applicable Accounting Standard  s or business conditions. For all Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, such determinations shall be made within the time prescribed by, and otherwise in compliance with, Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 2.43    Performance Goals   shall mean, for a Performance Period, one or more goals established in writing by the Administrator for the Performance Period based upon one or more Performance Criteria. Depending on the Performance Criteria used to establish such Performance Goals, the Performance Goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business unit, or an individual. The achievement of each Performance Goal shall be determined, to the extent applicable, with reference to Applicable Accounting Standards. 
 2.44    Performance Period   shall mean one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Administrator may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Holder s right to, vesting of, and/or the payment in respect of, an Award. 
 2.45    Permitted Transferee   shall mean, with respect to a Holder, any  family member  of the Holder, as defined in the General Instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act (or any successor form thereto), or any other transferee specifically approved by the Administrator after taking into account Applicable Law. 
 2.46    Person   shall mean any  person  or related  group  of  persons  (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act). 
 2.47    Plan   shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1. 
 2.48    Program   shall mean any program adopted by the Administrator pursuant to the Plan containing the terms and conditions intended to govern a specified type of Award granted under the Plan and pursuant to which such type of Award may be granted under the Plan. 
 2.49    Public Trading Date   shall mean the first date upon which Common Stock is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system. 
 2.50    Restricted Stock   shall mean Common Stock awarded under Article 8 that is subject to certain restrictions and may be subject to risk of forfeiture or repurchase. 
 2.51    Restricted Stock Units   shall mean the right to receive Shares awarded under Article 9. 
 2.52    Section 409A   shall mean Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including, without limitation, any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date.  

2.53       Securities Act    shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 2.54    Shares   shall mean shares of Common Stock. 
 2.55    Stock Appreciation Right   shall mean an Award entitling the Holder (or other Person entitled to exercise pursuant to the Plan) to exercise all or a specified portion thereof (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the exercise price per share of such Award from the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of such Award by the number of Shares with respect to which such Award shall have been exercised, subject to any limitations the Administrator may impose.  
 2.56    SAR Term   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 
 2.57    Subsidiary   shall mean any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 
   2.58    Substitute Award   shall mean an Award granted under the Plan in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, combination, consolidation or acquisition of property or stock, in any case, upon the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding equity awards previously granted by a company or other entity;  provided ,  however , that in no event shall the term  Substitute Award  be construed to refer to an award made in connection with the cancellation and repricing of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 
 2.59    Termination of Service   shall mean: 
 (a)  As to a Consultant, the time when the engagement of a Holder as a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or without cause, including, without limitation, by resignation, discharge, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Consultant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary.  
 (b)  As to a Non-Employee Director, the time when a Holder who is a Non-Employee Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Holder simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 (c)  As to an Employee, the time when the employee-employer relationship between a Holder and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement; but excluding terminations where the Holder simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary.  
 The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to any Termination of Service, including, without limitation, whether a Termination of Service has occurred, whether a Termination of Service resulted from a discharge for cause and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute a Termination of Service;  provided ,  however , that, with respect to Incentive Stock Options, unless the Administrator otherwise provides in the terms of any Program, Award Agreement or otherwise, or as otherwise required by Applicable Law, a leave of absence, change in status from an employee to an independent contractor or other change in the employee-employer relationship shall constitute a Termination of Service only if, and to the extent that, such leave of absence, change in status or other change interrupts employment for the purposes of Section 422(a)(2) of the Code and the then-applicable regulations and revenue rulings under said Section. For purposes of the Plan, a Holder s employee-employer relationship or consultancy relations shall be deemed to be terminated in the event that the Subsidiary employing or contracting with such Holder ceases to remain a Subsidiary following any merger, sale of stock or other corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a spin-off). 

ARTICLE 3.        SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN  
   3.1   Number of Shares . 
   (a)  Subject to Sections 3.1(b) and 13.2, the aggregate number of Shares which may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards (including, without limitation, Incentive Stock Options) under the Plan is 6,000,000 .  Any Shares distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Common Stock, treasury Common Stock or Common Stock purchased on the open market. 
   (b)  If any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited or expire, are converted to shares of another Person in connection with a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, exchange of shares or other similar event, or such Award is settled for cash (in whole or in part) (including Shares repurchased by the Company under Section 8.4 at the same price paid by the Holder), the Shares subject to such Award shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration or cash settlement, again be available for future grants of Awards under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the following Shares shall not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 3.1(a) and shall not be available for future grants of Awards: (i) Shares tendered by a Holder or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price of an Option; (ii) Shares tendered by the Holder or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award; (iii) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof; and (iv) Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. Any Shares repurchased by the Company under Section 8.4 at the same price paid by the Holder so that such Shares are returned to the Company shall again be available for Awards. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not be counted against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3.1(b), no Shares may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. 
 (c)  Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan, except as may be required by reason of Section 422 of the Code. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by its stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan;  provided  that Awards using such available Shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not employed by or providing services to the Company or its Subsidiaries immediately prior to such acquisition or combination. 
     3.2   Limitation on Number of Shares Subject to Awards . Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, and subject to Section 13.2, the maximum aggregate number of Shares with respect to one or more Awards that may be granted to any one Person during any calendar year shall be 1,500,000 and the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash to any one Person during any calendar year with respect to one or more Awards payable in cash shall be $5,000,000;    provided  ,   however , that the foregoing limitations shall not apply prior to the Public Trading Date and, following the Public Trading Date, the foregoing limitations shall not apply until the earliest of: (a) the first material modification of the Plan (including any increase in the number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan in accordance with Section 3.1); (b) the issuance of all of the Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan; (c) the expiration of the Plan; (d) the first meeting of stockholders at which members of the Board are to be elected that occurs after the close of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which occurred the first registration of an equity security of the Company under Section 12 of the Exchange Act; or (e) such other date, if any, on which the  reliance period  described under U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.162-27(f)(2) expires pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent  

required by Section 162(m) of the Code, Shares subject to Awards which are canceled shall continue to be counted against the Award Limit.  
 3.3   Award Vesting Limitations .  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, but subject to Section 13.2 of the Plan, Awards granted under the Plan shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the Award is granted;  provided ,  however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards that result in the issuance of an aggregate of up to 5% of the shares of Common Stock available pursuant to Section 3.1(a) may be granted to any one or more Eligible Individuals without respect to such minimum vesting provisions. Nothing in this Section 3.4 shall preclude the Administrator from taking action, in its sole discretion, to accelerate the vesting of any Award in connection with or following a Holder s death, disability, Termination of Service or the consummation of a Change in Control.    
 ARTICLE 4.     GRANTING OF AWARDs  
   4.1   Participation . The Administrator may, from time to time, select from among all Eligible Individuals, those to whom an Award shall be granted and shall determine the nature and amount of each Award, which shall not be inconsistent with the requirements of the Plan. Except for any Non-Employee Director s right to Awards that may be required pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy as described in Section 4.6, no Eligible Individual or other Person shall have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to the Plan and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated to treat Eligible Individuals, Holders or any other Persons uniformly. Participation by each Holder in the Plan shall be voluntary and nothing in the Plan or any Program shall be construed as mandating that any Eligible Individual or other Person shall participate in the Plan. 
   4.2   Award Agreement .   Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations for such Award as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion (consistent with the requirements of the Plan and any applicable Program). Award Agreements evidencing Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall contain such terms and conditions as may be necessary to meet the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code. Award Agreements evidencing Incentive Stock Options shall contain such terms and conditions as may be necessary to meet the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 
 4.3   Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Plan, and any Award granted or awarded to any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b 3 of the Exchange Act and any amendments thereto) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
   4.4   At-Will Service . Nothing in the Plan or in any Program or Award Agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Holder any right to continue in the employ of, or as a Director or Consultant for, the Company or any Subsidiary, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Holder at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, and with or without notice, or to terminate or change all other terms and conditions of employment or engagement, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Holder and the Company or any Subsidiary.  
   4.5   Foreign Holders . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or applicable Program to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in countries other than the United States in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or have Employees, Non-Employee Directors or Consultants, or in order to comply with the requirements of any foreign securities exchange or other Applicable Law, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (a) determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by the Plan; (b) determine which Eligible Individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Eligible Individuals outside the United States to comply with Applicable Law (including,  

without limitation, applicable foreign laws or listing requirements of any foreign securities exchange); (d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent such a  ctions may be necessary or advisable;   provided  ,   however  , that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitation contained in Section 3.1, the Award Limit or the Director Limit; and (e) take any action, before or after an Award is ma  de, that it deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with any necessary local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals or listing requirements of any foreign securities exchange.   
 4.6   Non-Employee Director Awards .  
 (a)   Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy .  The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide that Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors shall be granted pursuant to a written nondiscretionary formula established by the Administrator (the   Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy  ), subject to the limitations of the Plan. The Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy shall set forth the type of Award(s) to be granted to Non-Employee Directors, the number of Shares to be subject to Non-Employee Director Awards, the conditions on which such Awards shall be granted, become exercisable and/or payable and expire, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion. The Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy may be modified by the Administrator from time to time in its sole discretion.   
 (b)   Director Limit .  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or in the Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Policy, the sum of the grant date fair value of equity-based Awards and the amount of any cash compensation granted to a Non-Employee Director during any calendar year shall not exceed $400,000 (the   Director Limit  ).  
 ARTICLE 5.     Provisions Applicable to Awards Intended to Qualify as Performance-Based Compensation  
 5.1   Purpose . The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, (a) determine whether an Award is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation and (b) at any time after any such determination, alter such intent for any or no reason. If the Administrator, in its sole discretion, decides to grant an Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation (other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right), then the provisions of this Article 5 shall control over any contrary provision contained in the Plan or any applicable Program;  provided  that, if after such decision the Administrator alters such intention for any reason, the provisions of this Article 5 shall no longer control over any other provision contained in the Plan or any applicable Program. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may (i) grant Awards to Eligible Individuals that are based on Performance Criteria or Performance Goals or any such other criteria and goals as the Administrator shall establish, but that do not satisfy the requirements of this Article 5 and that are not intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation and (ii) subject any Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation to additional conditions and restrictions unrelated to any Performance Criteria or Performance Goals (including, without limitation, continued employment or service requirements) to the extent such Awards otherwise satisfy the requirements of this Article 5 with respect to the Performance Criteria and Performance Goals applicable thereto.  Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator at the time of grant, the Performance Criteria with respect to an Award intended to be Performance-Based Compensation payable to a Covered Employee shall be determined on the basis of Applicable Accounting Standards.  
   5.2   Procedures with Respect to Performance-Based Awards . To the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code, with respect to any Award which is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, no later than 90 days following the commencement of any Performance Period or any designated fiscal period or period of service (or such earlier time as may be required under Section 162(m) of the Code), the Administrator shall, in writing, (a) designate one or more Eligible Individuals, (b) select the Performance Criteria applicable to the Performance Period, (c) establish the Performance Goals, and amounts of such Awards, as applicable, which may be earned for such Performance Period based on the Performance Criteria, and (d) specify the relationship between Performance Criteria and the Performance Goals and the amounts of such  

Awards, as applicable, to be earned by each Covered Employee for such Performance Period. Following the completion of each Perfo  rmance Period, the Administrator shall certify in writing whether and the extent to which the applicable Performance Goals have been achieved for such Performance Period. In determining the amount earned under such Awards, the Administrator (i) shall, unle  ss otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, have the right to reduce or eliminate the amount payable at a given level of performance to take into account additional factors that the Administrator may deem relevant, including the assessment of individual o  r corporate performance for the Performance Period, but (ii) shall in no event have the right to increase the amount payable for any reason.  
 5.3   Payment of Performance-Based Awards . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Program or Award Agreement and only to the extent otherwise permitted by Section 162(m) of the Code, as to an Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, the Holder must be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary throughout the Performance Period. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Program or Award Agreement, a Holder shall be eligible to receive payment pursuant to such Awards for a Performance Period only if and to the extent the Performance Goals for such Performance Period are achieved. 
 5.4   Additional Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, any Award which is granted to an Eligible Individual and is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in Section 162(m) of the Code or any regulations or rulings issued thereunder that are requirements for qualification as Performance-Based Compensation, and the Plan and the applicable Program and Award Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements. 
   ARTICLE 6.     granting OF OPTIONS and stock appreciation rights  
     6.1   Granting of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals . The Administrator is authorized to grant Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals from time to time, in its sole discretion, on such terms and conditions as it may determine, which shall not be inconsistent with the Plan. 
     6.2   Qualification of Incentive Stock Options .  The Administrator may grant Options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company, any of the Company s present or future  parent corporations  or  subsidiary corporations  as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code.  No Person who qualifies as a Greater Than 10% Stockholder may be granted an Incentive Stock Option un  less such Incentive Stock Option conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. To the extent that the aggregate fair market value of stock with respect to which  incentive stock options  (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to Section 422(d) of the Code) are exercisable for the first time by a Holder during any calendar year under the Plan, and all other plans of the Company and any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as defined in Section 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code, respectively), exceeds $100,000, the Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options to the extent required by Section 422 of the Code. The rule set forth in the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied by taking Options and other  incentive stock options  into account in the order in which they were granted and the fair market value of stock shall be determined as of the time the respective options were granted. Any interpretations and rules under the Plan with respect to Incentive Stock Options shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code.   Neither the Company nor the Administrator shall have any liability to a Holder, or any other Person, (a) if an Option (or any part thereof) which is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option or (b) for any action or omission by the Company or the Administrator that causes an Option not to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, including without limitation, the conversion of an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option or the grant of an Option intended as an Incentive Stock Option that fails to satisfy the requirements under the Code applicable to an Incentive Stock Option.    
     6.3   Option and Stock Appreciation Right Exercise Price . The exercise price per Share subject to each Option and Stock Appreciation Right shall be set by the Administrator, but shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted (or, as to  

Incentive Stock Options, on the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code). In addition, in the case of Incentive Stock Options granted to a Greater Tha  n 10% Stockholder, such price shall not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Option is granted (or the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code). Notwithstanding the forego  ing, in the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share on the date   of grant;   provided   that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 424 and 409A of the Code.    
     6.4   Option and SAR Term . The term of each Option (the   Option Term  ) and the term of each Stock Appreciation Right (the   SAR Term  ) shall be set by the Administrator in its sole discretion;  provided ,  however , that the Option Term or SAR Term, as applicable, shall not be more than (a) ten (10) years from the date the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted to an Eligible Individual (other than, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, a Greater Than 10% Stockholder), or (b) five (5) years from the date an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10% Stockholder. Except as limited by the requirements of Section 409A or Section 422 of the Code and regulations and rulings thereunder or the first sentence of this Section 6.4 and without limiting the Company s rights under Section 11.7, the Administrator may extend the Option Term of any outstanding Option or the SAR Term of any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, and may extend the time period during which vested Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised, in connection with any Termination of Service of the Holder or otherwise, and may amend, subject to Section 11.7 and 13.1, any other term or condition of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right relating to such Termination of Service of the Holder or otherwise. 
   6.5   Option and SAR Vesting .  The period during which the right to exercise, in whole or in part, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right vests in the Holder shall be set by the Administrator and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, subject to Section 3.3. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in the Award Agreement, the applicable Program or by action of the Administrator following the grant of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, (a) no portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Holder s Termination of Service shall thereafter become exercisable and (b) the portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is unexercisable at a Holder s Termination of Service shall automatically expire on the date of such Termination of Service. 
 6.6   Substitution of Stock Appreciation Rights; Early Exercise of Options .  The Administrator may provide in the applicable Program or Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an Option that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to substitute a Stock Appreciation Right for such Option at any time prior to or upon exercise of such Option;  provided  that such Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable with respect to the same number of Shares for which such substituted Option would have been exercisable, and shall also have the same exercise price, vesting schedule and remaining term as the substituted Option.  The Administrator may provide in the terms of an Award Agreement that the Holder may exercise an Option in whole or in part prior to the full vesting of the Option in exchange for unvested shares of Restricted Stock with respect to any unvested portion of the Option so exercised.  Shares of Restricted Stock acquired upon the exercise of any unvested portion of an Option shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine.  
   ARTICLE 7.     EXERCISE OF OPTIONS and STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS  
   7.1   Exercise and Payment . An exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in part. However, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional Shares and the Administrator may require that, by the terms of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, a partial exercise must be with respect to a minimum number of Shares. Payment of the amounts payable with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights pursuant to this Article 7 shall be in cash, Shares (based on its Fair Market Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised), or a combination of both, as determined by the Administrator. 
     7.2   Manner of Exercise . Except as set forth in Section 7.3, all or a portion of an exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be deemed exercised upon delivery of all of the following to the Secretary of the  

Company, the stock plan administrator of the Company or such other Person designated by the Administrator, or his, her or its office, as applicable:  
 (a)  A written or electronic notice complying with the applicable rules established by the Administrator stating that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, or a portion thereof, is exercised. The notice shall be signed or otherwise acknowledged electronically by the Holder or other Person then entitled to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right or such portion thereof; 
 (b)  Such representations and documents as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with Applicable Law;  
 (c)  In the event that the Option shall be exercised pursuant to Section 11.3 by any Person or Persons other than the Holder, appropriate proof of the right of such Person or Persons to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator; and 
 (d)  Full payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes for the Shares with respect to which the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, or portion thereof, is exercised, in a manner permitted by the Administrator in accordance with Sections 11.1 and 11.2. 
   7.3   Expiration of Option Term or SAR Term: Automatic Exercise of In-The-Money Options and Stock Appreciation Rights . Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in an Award Agreement or otherwise or as otherwise directed by an Option or Stock Appreciation Rights Holder in writing to the Company, each vested and exercisable Option and Stock Appreciation Right outstanding on the Automatic Exercise Date with an exercise price per Share that is less than the Fair Market Value per Share as of such date shall automatically and without further action by the Option or Stock Appreciation Rights Holder or the Company be exercised on the Automatic Exercise Date. In the sole discretion of the Administrator, payment of the exercise price of any such Option shall be made pursuant to Section 11.1(b) or 11.1(c) and the Company or any Subsidiary shall be entitled to deduct or withhold an amount sufficient to satisfy all taxes associated with such exercise in accordance with Section 11.2. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, this Section 7.3 shall not apply to an Option or Stock Appreciation Right if the Holder of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right incurs a Termination of Service on or before the Automatic Exercise Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no Option or Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price per Share that is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value per Share on the Automatic Exercise Date shall be exercised pursuant to this Section 7.3. 
 7.4   Notification Regarding Disposition . The Holder shall give the Company prompt written or electronic notice of any disposition of Shares acquired by exercise of an Incentive Stock Option which occurs within (a) two years from the date of granting (including the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code) such Option to such Holder, or (b) one year after the date of transfer of such Shares to such Holder.  Such notice shall specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by the Holder in such disposition or other transfer.  

ARTICLE 8.        AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK  
   8.1   Award of Restricted Stock . The Administrator is authorized to grant Restricted Stock to Eligible Individuals, and shall determine the terms and conditions, including the restrictions applicable to each award of Restricted Stock, which terms and conditions shall not be inconsistent with the Plan or any applicable Program, and may impose such conditions on the issuance of such Restricted Stock as it deems appropriate. The Administrator shall establish the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock;  provided ,  however , that if a purchase price is charged, such purchase price shall be no less than the par value, if any, of the Shares to be purchased, unless otherwise permitted by Applicable Law. In all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock to the extent required by Applicable Law. 
   8.2   Rights as Stockholders . Subject to Section 8.4, upon issuance of Restricted Stock, the Holder shall have, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, all the rights of a stockholder with respect to said Shares, subject to the restrictions in the Plan, any applicable Program and/or the applicable Award Agreement, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to the Shares  to the extent such dividends and other distributions have a record date that is on or after the date on which the Holder to whom such Restricted Stock is granted becomes the record holder of such Restricted Stock ;  provided ,  however , that, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, any extraordinary distributions with respect to the Shares may be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 8.3.  In addition, with respect to a share of Restricted Stock with performance-based vesting, dividends which are paid prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Holder to the extent that the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share of Restricted Stock vests. 
   8.3   Restrictions . All shares of Restricted Stock (including any shares received by Holders thereof with respect to shares of Restricted Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits or any other form of recapitalization) shall be subject to such restrictions and vesting requirements as the Administrator shall provide in the applicable Program or Award Agreement, subject to Section 3.3. By action taken after the Restricted Stock is issued, the Administrator may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, accelerate the vesting of such Restricted Stock by removing any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms of the applicable Program or Award Agreement.  
     8.4   Repurchase or Forfeiture of Restricted Stock . Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, if no price was paid by the Holder for the Restricted Stock, upon a Termination of Service during the applicable restriction period, the Holder s rights in unvested Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions shall lapse, and such Restricted Stock shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled without consideration on the date of such Termination of Service. If a price was paid by the Holder for the Restricted Stock, upon a Termination of Service during the applicable restriction period, the Company shall have the right to repurchase from the Holder the unvested Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions at a cash price per share equal to the price paid by the Holder for such Restricted Stock or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Program or Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise provided by Section 3.3, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide that upon certain events, including, without limitation, a Change in Control, the Holder s death, retirement or disability or any other specified Termination of Service or any other event, the Holder s rights in unvested Restricted Stock then sub  ject to restrictions shall not lapse, such Restricted Stock shall vest and cease to be forfeitable and, if applicable, the Company shall cease to have a right of repurchase. 
   8.5   Section 83(b) Election . If a Holder makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to the Restricted Stock as of the date of transfer of the Restricted Stock rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Holder would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, the Holder shall be required to deliver a copy of such election to the Company promptly after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service along with proof of the timely filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service. 

ARTICLE 9.  
 Award of restricted stock units 
 9.1   Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator is authorized to grant Awards of Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible Individual selected by the Administrator in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator.  
 9.2   Term . Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of a Restricted Stock Unit award shall be set by the Administrator in its sole discretion. 
 9.3   Purchase Price . The Administrator shall specify the purchase price, if any, to be paid by the Holder to the Company with respect to any Restricted Stock Unit award;  provided ,  however , that the value of the consideration shall not be less than the par value of a Share, unless otherwise permitted by Applicable Law. 
 9.4   Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . At the time of grant, the Administrator shall specify the date or dates on which the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable, and may specify such conditions to vesting as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, vesting based upon the Holder s duration of service to the Company or any Subsidiary, one or more Performance Criteria, Company performance, individual performance or other specific criteria, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods, as determined by the Administrator, subject to Section 3.3.  
 9.5   Maturity and Payment . At the time of grant, the Administrator shall specify the maturity date applicable to each grant of Restricted Stock Units, which shall be no earlier than the vesting date or dates of the Award and may be determined at the election of the Holder (if permitted by the applicable Award Agreement);  provided  that, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, and subject to compliance with Section 409A, in no event shall the maturity date relating to each Restricted Stock Unit occur following the later of (a) the 15 th  day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the applicable portion of the Restricted Stock Unit vests; or (b) the 15 th  day of the third month following the end of the Company s fiscal year in which the applicable portion of the Restricted Stock Unit vests. On the maturity date, the Company shall, in accordance with the applicable Award Agreement and subject to Section 11.4(f), transfer to the Holder one unrestricted, fully transferable Share for each Restricted Stock Unit scheduled to be paid out on such date and not previously forfeited, or in the sole discretion of the Administrator, an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the maturity date or a combination of cash and Common Stock as determined by the Administrator.  
 9.6   Payment upon Termination of Service . An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall only be payable while the Holder is an Employee, a Consultant or a member of the Board, as applicable;  provided ,  however , that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide (in an Award Agreement or otherwise) that a Restricted Stock Unit award may be paid subsequent to a Termination of Service in certain events, including a Change in Control, the Holder s death, retirement or disability or any other specified Termination of Service. 
 ARTICLE 10. 
 award of OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS and DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
     10.1   Other Stock or Cash Based Awards .  The Administrator is authorized to (a) grant Other Stock or Cash Based Awards, including awards entitling a Holder to receive Shares or cash to be delivered immediately or in the future, to any Eligible Individual and (b) determine whether such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards shall be Performance-Based Compensation. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and any applicable Program, the Administrator shall determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including the term of the Award, any exercise or purchase price, performance goals, including the Performance Criteria, transfer restrictions, vesting conditions and other terms and conditions applicable thereto, which shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, subject to Section 3.3. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares, as determined by the Administrator, and may be available as a form of payment in the settlement of other Awards granted under the Plan, as stand-alone payments, as a part of a bonus,  

deferred bonus, deferred    compensation or other arrangement, and/or as payment in lieu of compensation to which an Eligible Individual is otherwise entitled.  
   10.2   Dividend Equivalents . Dividend Equivalents may be granted by the Administrator, either alone or in tandem with another Award, based on dividends declared on the Common Stock, to be credited as of dividend payment dates during the period between the date the Dividend Equivalents are granted to a Holder and the date such Dividend Equivalents terminate or expire, as determined by the Administrator. Such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional Shares by such formula and at such time and subject to such restrictions and limitations as may be determined by the Administrator.  In addition, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award with performance-based vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such Award shall only be paid out to the Holder to the extent that the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the Award vests.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 
   ARTICLE 11. 
   ADditional terms of awards 
   11.1   Payment . The Administrator shall determine the method or methods by which payments by any Holder with respect to any Awards granted under the Plan shall be made, including, without limitation: (a) cash or check, (b) Shares (including, in the case of payment of the exercise price of an Award, Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Award) held for such minimum period of time as may be established by the Administrator having a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal to the aggregate payments required, (c) delivery of a written or electronic notice that the Holder has placed a market sell order with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to Shares then issuable upon exercise or vesting of an Award, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the aggregate payments required;  provided  that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company upon settlement of such sale, (d) other form of legal consideration acceptable to the Administrator in its sole discretion, or (e) any combination of the above permitted forms of payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Holder who is a Director or an  executive officer  of the Company within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act shall be permitted to make payment with respect to any Awards granted under the Plan, or continue any extension of credit with respect to such payment, with a loan from the Company or a loan arranged by the Company in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 
 11.2   Tax Withholding . The Company or any Subsidiary shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Holder to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including the Holder s FICA, employment tax or other social security contribution obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event concerning a Holder arising as a result of the Plan or any Award. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement, or in satisfaction of such additional withholding obligations as a Holder may have elected, allow a Holder to satisfy such obligations by any payment means described in Section 11.1 hereof, including without limitation, by allowing such Holder to elect to have the Company or any Subsidiary withhold Shares otherwise issuable under an Award (or allow the surrender of Shares). The number of Shares that may be so withheld or surrendered shall be no greater than the number of Shares that have a fair market value on the date of withholding or repurchase equal to the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum statutory withholding rates in such Holder s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income. The Administrator shall determine the fair market value of the Shares, consistent with applicable provisions of the Code, for tax withholding obligations due in connection with a broker-assisted cashless Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise involving the sale of Shares to pay the Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise price or any tax withholding obligation. 
 11.3   Transferability of Awards . 
 (a)  Except as otherwise provided in Sections 11.3(b) and 11.3(c): 

(i)    No Award under the Plan may be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than (A) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or (B) subject to the consent of the Administrator, pursuant to a DRO, unless and un  til such Award has been exercised or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed;  
 (ii)  No Award or interest or right therein shall be liable for or otherwise subject to the debts, contracts or engagements of the Holder or the Holder s successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy) unless and until such Award has been exercised, or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed, and any attempted disposition of an Award prior to satisfaction of these conditions shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by Section 11.3(a)(i); and 
 (iii)  During the lifetime of the Holder, only the Holder may exercise any exercisable portion of an Award granted to such Holder under the Plan, unless it has been disposed of pursuant to a DRO.  After the death of the Holder, any exercisable portion of an Award may, prior to the time when such portion becomes unexercisable under the Plan or the applicable Program or Award Agreement, be exercised by the Holder s personal representative or by any Person empowered to do so under the deceased Holder s will or under the then-applicable laws of descent and distribution. 
 (b)  Notwithstanding Section 11.3(a), the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine to permit a Holder or a Permitted Transferee of such Holder to transfer an Award other than an Incentive Stock Option (unless such Incentive Stock Option is intended to become a Nonqualified Stock Option) to any one or more Permitted Transferees of such Holder, subject to the following terms and conditions: (i) an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall not be assignable or transferable by the Permitted Transferee other than (A) to another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Holder or (B) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or, subject to the consent of the Administrator, pursuant to a DRO; (ii) an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall continue to be subject to all the terms and conditions of the Award as applicable to the original Holder (other than the ability to further transfer the Award to any Person other than another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Holder); and (iii) the Holder (or transferring Permitted Transferee) and the receiving Permitted Transferee shall execute any and all documents requested by the Administrator, including, without limitation documents to (A) confirm the status of the transferee as a Permitted Transferee, (B) satisfy any requirements for an exemption for the transfer under Applicable Law and (C) evidence the transfer.  In addition, and further notwithstanding Section 11.3(a), hereof, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine to permit a Holder to transfer Incentive Stock Options to a trust that constitutes a Permitted Transferee if, under Section 671 of the Code and other Applicable Law, the Holder is considered the sole beneficial owner of the Incentive Stock Option while it is held in the trust.   
 (c)  Notwithstanding Section 11.3(a), a Holder may, in the manner determined by the Administrator, designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the Holder and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the Holder s death. A beneficiary, legal guardian, legal representative, or other Person claiming any rights pursuant to the Plan is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Program or Award Agreement applicable to the Holder and any additional restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrator. If the Holder is married or a domestic partner in a domestic partnership qualified under Applicable Law and resides in a community property state, a designation of a Person other than the Holder s spouse or domestic partner, as applicable, as the Holder s beneficiary with respect to more than 50% of the Holder s interest in the Award shall not be effective without the prior written or electronic consent of the Holder s spouse or domestic partner. If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Holder, payment shall be made to the Person entitled thereto pursuant to the Holder s will or the laws of descent and distribution. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed or revoked by a Holder at any time;  provided  that the change or revocation is delivered in writing to the Administrator prior to the Holder s death. 
   11.4   Conditions to Issuance of Shares . 
   (a)  The Administrator shall determine the methods by which Shares shall be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Holders. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be  

required to issue or deliver any certificates or make any book entries evidencing Shares pursuant to th  e exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has determined, with advice of counsel, that the issuance of such Shares is in compliance with Applicable Law and the Shares are covered by an effective registration statement or applicable exempt  ion from registration. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Administrator may require that a Holder make such reasonable covenants, agreements and representations as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems advisable in orde  r to comply with Applicable Law.  
 (b)  All share certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan and all Shares issued pursuant to book entry procedures are subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply with Applicable Law. The Administrator may place legends on any share certificate or book entry to reference restrictions applicable to the Shares (including, without limitation, restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock). 
 (c)  The Administrator shall have the right to require any Holder to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement, distribution or exercise of any Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the sole discretion of the Administrator. 
 (d)  No fractional Shares shall be issued and the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding down. 
 (e)  The Company, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain physical possession of any stock certificate evidencing Shares until any restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and/or (ii) require that the stock certificates evidencing such Shares be held in custody by a designated escrow agent (which may but need not be the Company) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that the Holder deliver a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to such Shares. 
 (f)  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or required by Applicable Law, the Company shall not deliver to any Holder certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares shall be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 
 11.5   Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions .  All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by a Holder upon any receipt or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award and any payments of a portion of an incentive-based bonus pool allocated to a Holder) shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with the requirements of Applicable Law, including, without limitation, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, whether or not such claw-back policy was in place at the time of grant of an Award, to the extent set forth in such claw-back policy and/or in the applicable Award Agreement.    
   11.6   Prohibition on Repricing . Subject to Section 13.2, the Administrator shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (a) authorize the amendment of any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce its price per Share, or (b) cancel any Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or another Award when the Option or Stock Appreciation Right price per Share exceeds the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares. Furthermore, for purposes of this Section 11.6, except in connection with a corporate transaction involving the Company (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares), the terms of outstanding Awards may not be amended to reduce the exercise price per Share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per Share that is less than the exercise price per Share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights without the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
   11.7   Amendment of Awards  .  Subject to Applicable Law, the Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another Award of the same or a   

different type, changing the date of exercise or settlement, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option.  The Holder s consent to such actio  n shall be required unless (a) the Administrator determines that the action, taking into account any related action, would not materially and adversely affect the Holder, or (b) the change is otherwise permitted under the Plan (including, without limitatio  n, under Section 13.2 or 13.10).  
 11.8   Data Privacy  .  As a condition of receipt of any Award, each Holder explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this Section 11.8 by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Holder s participation in the Plan.  The Company and its Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about a Holder, including but not limited to, the Holder s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title(s), any shares of stock held in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and details of all Awards, in each case, for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan and Awards (the    Data   ).  The Company and its Subsidiaries may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of a Holder s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries may each further transfer the Data to any third parties assisting the Company and its Subsidiaries in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  These recipients may be located in the Holder s country, or elsewhere, and the Holder s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients  country.  Through acceptance of an Award, each Holder authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Holder s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries or the Holder may elect to deposit any Shares.  The Data related to a Holder will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Holder s participation in the Plan.  A Holder may, at any time, view the Data held by the Company with respect to such Holder, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data with respect to such Holder, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data with respect to the Holder or refuse or withdraw the consents herein in writing, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources representative.  The Company may cancel the Holder s ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrator s discretion, the Holder may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Holder refuses or withdraws his or her consents as described herein.  For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Holders may contact their local human resources representative.  
 ARTICLE 12. 
 ADMINISTRATION 
     12.1   Administrator . The Committee shall administer the Plan (except as otherwise permitted herein). To the extent necessary to comply with Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, and with respect to Awards that are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, including Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, then the Committee shall take all action with respect to such Awards, and the individuals taking such action shall consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, each of whom is intended to qualify as both a  non-employee director  as defined by Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor rule and an  outside director  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. Additionally, to the extent required by Applicable Law, each of the individuals constituting the Committee shall be an  independent director  under the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action taken by the Committee shall be valid and effective, whether or not members of the Committee at the time of such action are later determined not to have satisfied the requirements for membership set forth in this Section 12.1 or the Organizational Documents.  Except as may otherwise be provided in the Organizational Documents or as otherwise required by Applicable Law, (a) appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance of appointment, (b) Committee members may resign at any time by delivering written or electronic notice to the Board and (c) vacancies in the Committee may only be filled by the Board.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, shall conduct the general administration of the Plan with respect to Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors and, with respect to such Awards, the terms  Administrator  as used in the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Board and (ii) the Board or Committee may delegate its authority hereunder to the extent permitted by Section 12.6. 

12.2    Duties and Powers of Administrator  . It shall be the duty of the Administrator to conduct the general administration of the Plan in accordance with its provisi  ons. The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan, all Programs and Award Agreements, and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and any Program as are not inconsistent with the Plan, to inter  pret, amend or revoke any such rules and to amend the Plan or any Program or Award Agreement;   provided   that the rights or obligations of the Holder of the Award that is the subject of any such Program or Award Agreement are not materially and adversely aff  ected by such amendment, unless the consent of the Holder is obtained or such amendment is otherwise permitted under Section 11.5 or Section 13.10. In its sole discretion, the Board may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duti  es of the Committee in its capacity as the Administrator under the Plan except with respect to matters which under Rule 16b   3 under the Exchange Act or any successor rule, or Section 162(m) of the Code, or any regulations or rules issued thereunder, or the   rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded are required to be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.   
 12.3   Action by the Administrator . Unless otherwise established by the Board, set forth in any Organizational Documents or as required by Applicable Law, a majority of the Administrator shall constitute a quorum and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present, and acts approved in writing by all members of the Administrator in lieu of a meeting, shall be deemed the acts of the Administrator. Each member of the Administrator is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan. 
 12.4   Authority of Administrator . Subject to the Organizational Documents, any specific designation in the Plan and Applicable Law, the Administrator has the exclusive power, authority and sole discretion to: 
 (a)  Designate Eligible Individuals to receive Awards; 
 (b)  Determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Eligible Individual (including, without limitation, any Awards granted in tandem with another Award granted pursuant to the Plan); 
 (c)  Determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares to which an Award will relate; 
 (d)  Determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant to the Plan, including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, purchase price, any Performance Criteria or performance criteria, any restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for vesting, lapse of forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof, and any provisions related to non-competition and claw-back and recapture of gain on an Award, based in each case on such considerations as the Administrator in its sole discretion determines; 
 (e)  Determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered; 
 (f)  Prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each Holder; 
 (g)  Decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award; 
 (h)  Establish, adopt, or revise any Programs, rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; 
 (i)  Interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the Plan, any Program or any Award Agreement;  

(j)    Make all other d  ecisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the Plan or as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; and  
 (k)  Accelerate wholly or partially the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any Award or portion thereof at any time after the grant of an Award, subject to whatever terms and conditions it selects and Section 3.3 and Section 13.2. 
 12.5   Decisions Binding . The Administrator s interpretation of the Plan, any Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, any Program or any Award Agreement and all decisions and determinations by the Administrator with respect to the Plan are final, binding and conclusive on all Persons. 
   12.6   Delegation of Authority . The Board or Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company the authority to grant or amend Awards or to take other administrative actions pursuant to this Article 12;  provided ,    however , that in no event shall an officer of the Company be delegated the authority to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, the following individuals: (a) individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, (b) Covered Employees with respect to Awards intended to constitute Performance Based Compensation, or (c) officers of the Company (or Directors) to whom authority to grant or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder;  provided ,  further , that any delegation of administrative authority shall only be permitted to the extent it is permissible under any Organizational Documents and Applicable Law (including, without limitation, Section 162(m) of the Code). Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Board or Committee specifies at the time of such delegation or that are otherwise included in the applicable Organizational Documents, and the Board or Committee, as applicable, may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 12.6 shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and t he Board or the Committee may abolish any committee at any time and re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority . 
   ARTICLE 13.     MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  
   13.1   Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan .  
 (a)  Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.1(b), the Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Board;  provided  that, except as provided in Section 11.5 and Section 13.10, no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall, without the consent of the Holder, materially and adversely affect any rights or obligations under any Award theretofore granted or awarded, unless the Award itself otherwise expressly so provides.  
 (b)  Notwithstanding Section 13.1(a), the Board may not, except as provided in Section 13.2, take any of the following actions without approval of the Company s stockholders given within twelve (12) months before or after such action: (i) increase the limit imposed in Section 3.1 on the maximum number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan or the Award Limit, (ii) reduce the price per share of any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan or take any action prohibited under Section 11.6, or (iii) cancel any Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or another Award in violation of Section 11.6. 
 (c)  No Awards may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event may any Award be granted under the Plan after the tenth (10 th ) anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date on which the Plan was adopted by the Board or (ii) the date the Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders (such anniversary, the   Expiration Date  ). Any Awards that are outstanding on the Expiration Date shall remain in force according to the terms of the Plan, the applicable Program and the applicable Award Agreement.  

13.2    Changes in Common Stock or Assets of the Company, Acquisition or Liquidation of the Company and Other Corporate Events  .  
   (a)  In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of the Company s stock or the share price of the Company s stock other than an Equity Restructuring, the Administrator may make equitable adjustments, if any, to reflect such change with respect to: (i) the aggregate number and kind of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section 3.1 on the maximum number and kind of Shares which may be issued under the Plan, and adjustments of the Award Limit); (ii) the number and kind of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards; (iii) the terms and conditions of any outstanding Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect thereto); (iv) the grant or exercise price per share for any outstanding Awards under the Plan; and (v) the number and kind of Shares (or other securities or property) for which automatic grants are subsequently to be made to new and continuing Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 4.6. Any adjustment affecting an Award intended as Performance-Based Compensation shall be made consistent with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code unless otherwise determined by the Administrator. 
 (b)  In the event of any transaction or event described in Section 13.2(a) or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of changes in Applicable Law or Applicable Accounting Standards, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in Applicable Law or Applicable Accounting Standards: 
 (i)  To provide for the termination of any such Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or other property with a value equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Holder s rights (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction or event described in this Section 13.2 the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Holder s rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment); 
 (ii)  To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; 
 (iii)  To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares of the Company s stock (or other securities or property) subject to such Award, and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards and Awards which may be granted in the future;  
 (iv)  To provide that such Award shall be exercisable or payable or fully vested with respect to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the applicable Program or Award Agreement;  
 (v)  To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 
 (vi)  To provide that the Award cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after such event. 

(c)    In connection with   the occurrence of any Equity Restructuring, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 13.2(a) and 13.2(b):  
   (i)  The number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and the exercise price or grant price thereof, if applicable, shall be equitably adjusted (and the adjustments provided under this Section 13.2(c)(i) shall be nondiscretionary and shall be final and binding on the affected Holder and the Company); and/or  
 (ii)  The Administrator shall make such equitable adjustments, if any, as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may deem appropriate to reflect such Equity Restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and kind of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitation in Section 3.1 on the maximum number and kind of Shares which may be issued under the Plan, and adjustments of the Award Limit).  
 (d)  In the event that the successor corporation in a Change in Control refuses to assume or substitute for an Award (other than any portion subject to performance-based vesting), the Administrator may cause (i) any or all of such Award (or portion thereof) to terminate in exchange for cash, rights or other property pursuant to Section 13.2(b)(i) or (ii) any or all of such Award (or portion thereof) to become fully exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction and all forfeiture restrictions on any or all of such Award to lapse. If any such Award is exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator shall notify the Holder that such Award shall be fully exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, contingent upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, and such Award shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. 
 (e)  For the purposes of this Section 13.2, an Award shall be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares);  provided ,  however , that if such consideration received in the Change in Control was not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Award, for each Share subject to an Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent equal in fair market value to the per-share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control. 
 (f)  The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may include such further provisions and limitations in any Award, agreement or certificate, as it may deem equitable and in the best interests of the Company that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. 
 (g)  Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no adjustment or action described in this Section 13.2 or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent it would (i) with respect to Awards which are granted to Covered Employees and are intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, cause such Awards to fail to so qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, (ii) cause the Plan to violate Section 422(b)(1) of the Code, (iii) result in short-swing profits liability under Section 16 of the Exchange Act or violate the exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, or (iv) cause an Award to fail to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A.  
 (h)  The existence of the Plan, any Program, any Award Agreement and/or the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks the rights of which are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or that are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 

(i)     In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger,   consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the Shares or the share price of the Common Stock including any Equity Restructuring, for reasons of administrative conv  enience, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award during a period of up to thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of any such transaction.       
   13.3   Approval of Plan by Stockholders . The Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders within twelve (12) months after the date of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan.  
   13.4   No Stockholders Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein or in an applicable Program or Award Agreement, a Holder shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until the Holder becomes the record owner of such Shares. 
 13.5   Paperless Administration . In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of Awards by a Holder may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. 
 13.6   Effect of Plan upon Other Compensation Plans . The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in effect for the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company or any Subsidiary: (a) to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary, or (b) to grant or assume options or other rights or awards otherwise than under the Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose including without limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, firm or association. 
   13.7   Compliance with Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of Awards under the Plan and the issuance and delivery of Shares and the payment of money under the Plan or under Awards granted or awarded hereunder are subject to compliance with all Applicable Law (including but not limited to state, federal and foreign securities law and margin requirements), and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the Person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Company may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all Applicable Law. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may take whatever actions it deems necessary or appropriate to effect compliance with Applicable Law, including, without limitation, placing legends on share certificates and issuing stop-transfer notices to agents and registrars.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrator may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate Applicable Law. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to Applicable Law. 
   13.8   Titles and Headings, References to Sections of the Code or Exchange Act . The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. References to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall include any amendment or successor thereto. 
   13.9   Governing Law . The Plan and any Programs and Award Agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
   13.10   Section 409A . To the extent that the Administrator determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the Plan, the Program pursuant to which such Award is granted and the Award Agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A. In that regard, to the extent any Award under the Plan or any other compensatory plan or arrangement of the Company or  

any of its Subsidiaries is subject to Section 409A, and such Award or other amount is payable on account of a Participant s Termination of Service (or any similarly defined term), then (a) such Award or amount shall only be paid to th  e extent such Termination of Service qualifies as a  separation from service  as defined in Section 409A, and (b) if such Award or amount is payable to a  specified employee  as defined in Section 409A then to the extent required in order to avoid a prohib  ited distribution under Section 409A, such Award or other compensatory payment shall not be payable prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Participant s Termination of Service, or (ii) the date of t  he Participant s death.   To the extent applicable,   the Plan, the Program and any Award Agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Da  te the Administrator determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may (but is not obligated to), without a Holder s consent, adopt such amendments to the Plan and the applicable Program and Award Agreement or adopt other poli  cies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to (A) exempt the Award from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended ta  x treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the Award, or (B) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A.   The Company makes no representations or warranties as to the tax   treatment of any Award under Section 409A or otherwise.  The Company shall have no obligation under this Section 13.10 or otherwise to take any action (whether or not described herein) to avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 4  09A with respect to any Award and shall have no liability to any Holder or any other Person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute non-compliant,  nonqualified deferred compensation  subject to the impositi  on of taxes, penalties and/or interest under Section 409A.  
 13.11   Unfunded Status of Awards . The Plan is intended to be an  unfunded  plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Holder pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Program or Award Agreement shall give the Holder any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 13.12   Indemnification . To the extent permitted under Applicable Law and the Organizational Documents, each member of the Administrator shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action or failure to act pursuant to the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in satisfaction of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her;  provided  he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such Persons may be entitled pursuant to the Organizational Documents, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless 

13.13    Relationship to other Benefits  . No payment pursuant to the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, p  rofit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder.  
 13.14   Expenses . The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 * * * * * 
 I hereby certify that the foregoing Plan was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of Medpace Holdings, Inc. on June 23, 2016. 
 * * * * * 
 I hereby certify that the foregoing Plan was approved by the stockholders of Medpace Holdings, Inc. on June 23, 2016. 
 Executed on this 10th day of August, 2016. 

/s/ Stephen P. Ewald  

Name: Stephen P. Ewald  

Title: General Counsel and Corporate Secretary  

[Signature Page to 2016 Incentive Award Plan]  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 medp-ex102_271.htm
 EX-10.2

medp-ex102_271.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
 MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC. 
 SENIOR EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE BONUS PLAN 

This Senior Executive Incentive Bonus Plan (the   Bonus Plan  ) is intended to provide an incentive for superior work and to motivate eligible executives of Medpace Holdings, Inc. (the   Company  ) and its subsidiaries toward even higher achievement and business results, to tie their goals and interests to those of the Company and its stockholders and to enable the Company to attract and retain highly qualified executives. The Bonus Plan is for the benefit of Covered Employees (as defined below).   

2.   
 
 Administration    

 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Compensation Committee  ) shall have the sole discretion and authority to administer and interpret the Bonus Plan. 

3.   
 
 Eligibility and Participation    

 The Compensation Committee shall select the persons eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan, which may include, without limitation, the executives of the Company and its subsidiaries who are or, as determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee, may become  covered employees  (as defined in Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  )) of the Company and its subsidiaries for the applicable taxable year of the Company (such selected persons, the   Covered Employees  ).   

4.   
 
 Bonus Determinations    

 (a)  A Covered Employee may receive a bonus payment under the Bonus Plan based upon the attainment of performance objectives which are established by the Compensation Committee and relate to financial, operational or other metrics with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the   Performance Goals  ), including but not limited to:  (i) net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of the following: (A) interest, (B) taxes, (C) depreciation, (D) amortization and (E) non-cash equity-based compensation expense); (ii) gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; (iii) net income (either before or after taxes); (iv) adjusted net income; (v) operating earnings or profit (either before or after taxes); (vi) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow); (vii) return on assets; (viii) return on capital (or invested capital) and cost of capital; (ix) return on stockholders  equity; (x) total stockholder return; (xi) return on sales; (xii) gross or net profit or operating margin; (xiii) costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; (xiv) expenses; (xv) working capital; (xvi) earnings or loss per share; (xvii) adjusted earnings or loss per share; (xviii) price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in and/or maintenance of such price or dividends); (xix) regulatory achievements or compliance; (xx) implementation or completion of critical projects; (xxi) market share; (xxii) economic value; (xxiii) productivity; (xxiv) operating efficiency; (xxv) economic value-added; (xxvi) cash flow return on capital; (xxvii) return on net assets; (xxviii) funds from operations; (xxix) funds available for distributions; (xxx) market penetration and geographic business expansion; (xxxi) customer satisfaction/growth; (xxxii) recruitment and retention of personnel; (xxxiii) human resources management; (xxxiv) supervision of litigation and other legal matters; (xxxv) strategic partnerships and transactions; (xxxvi) financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); (xxxvii) financing and other capital raising transactions; (xxxviii) year-end cash; and (xxxix) acquisition activity and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease or as compared to results of a peer group or to market performance indicators or indices. 
   (b)  Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 4(b):  (i) any bonuses paid to Covered Employees under the Bonus Plan shall be based upon objectively determinable bonus formulas that tie such bonuses to one or more performance objectives relating to the Performance Goals; (ii) bonus formulas for Covered Employees shall be adopted in each performance period by the Compensation Committee (generally, for performance periods of one  
 1 

year or more, no later than 90 days after the commencement of the performance period to which the Performance Goals relate); and (iii) no bonuses shall be paid to Covered Employees unless and until the Compensation Committee makes a certification with respect to the attainment of the performance objectives.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may pay bonuses (including, without limitation, discretionary bonuses) to Covered Employees under the Bonus Plan based upon such other terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee may in its sole discretion determine.  
 (c)  The payment of a bonus to a Covered Employee with respect to a performance period shall be conditioned upon the Covered Employee s employment by the Company on the last day of the performance period;  provided ,  however , that the Compensation Committee may make exceptions to this requirement, in its sole discretion, including, without limitation, in the case of a Covered Employee s termination of employment, retirement, death or disability. 

5.   
 
 Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions    

 The Compensation Committee may provide that any bonuses paid under the Bonus Plan shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules, regulations or interpretations thereunder, to the extent set forth in such claw-back policy. 

6.   
 
 Other Provisions     

 (a)  Neither the establishment of the Bonus Plan nor the selection of any individual as a Covered Employee shall give any individual any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary thereof, or any right whatsoever under the Bonus Plan other than to receive bonus payments awarded by the Compensation Committee. 
 (b)  No member of the Board of Directors of the Company or the Compensation Committee shall be liable to any individual in respect of the Bonus Plan for any act or omission of such member, any other member, or any officer, agent or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 (c)  The Company and its subsidiaries shall be entitled to withhold such amounts as may be required by federal, state or local law from all bonus payments under the Bonus Plan. 
 (d)  To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Bonus Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof or any other jurisdiction. 
   (e)  The Bonus Plan is intended to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and will be interpreted and construed in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date (as defined below) (collectively,   Section 409A  ).  Each bonus payable pursuant to the Bonus Plan shall be intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A such that the bonus will not be subject to any penalty tax imposed under Section 409A and, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, each bonus under the Bonus Plan shall be paid subject to the applicable Covered Employee s continued employment through the date of payment of such bonus.  Notwithstanding any provision of the Bonus Plan to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date the Company determines that any provision of the Bonus Plan could otherwise cause any person to be subject to the penalty taxes imposed under Section 409A, the Company may adopt such amendments to the Bonus Plan or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under Section 409A.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A be transferred from a Covered Employee or any other person to the Company or any of its affiliates, employees or agents pursuant to the terms of the Bonus Plan or otherwise.   
 2 

7.   
 
        Amendment and Termination     

 The Board of Directors of the Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Bonus Plan at any time in its sole discretion.  Any amendments to the Bonus Plan shall require stockholder approval only to the extent required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

8.   
 
 Stockholder Approval    

 No bonuses shall be paid under the Bonus Plan unless and until the Company s stockholders shall have approved the Bonus Plan.  The Bonus Plan will be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders after the initial adoption of the Bonus Plan by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

9.   
 
 Term of Bonus Plan    

 The Bonus Plan shall become effective as of the day immediately prior to the first date upon which common stock of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system (the   Effective Date  ).  The Bonus Plan shall expire on the earliest to occur of: (a) the first material modification of the Bonus Plan (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(h)(1)(iii)); (b) the first meeting of the Company s stockholders at which members of the Board of Directors of the Company are to be elected that occurs after the close of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which occurred the first registration of an equity security of the Company under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or (c) such other date, if any, on which the  reliance period  described under Treasury Regulation 1.162-27(f)(2) expires pursuant to the terms of Section 162(m) of the Code, and the rules, regulations and interpretations thereunder.  The Bonus Plan is intended to be subject to the relief set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(f)(1) and shall be interpreted accordingly. 
   
 *  *  *  *  * 

3 

I hereby certify that the Bonus Plan was duly authorized, approved and adopted by the Board of Directors of Medpace Holdings, Inc. as of June 23, 2016, effective as of the Effective Date.  
 I hereby certify that the Bonus Plan was approved by the stockholders of Medpace Holdings, Inc.  as of June 23, 2016. 

/s/ Stephen P. Ewald   

Name: Stephen P. Ewald  

Title: General Counsel and Corporate Secretary  

4  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 medp-ex103_272.htm
 EX-10.3

medp-ex103_272.htm

Exhibit  10.3  
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ) is made as of August 10, 2016 by and among Medpace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 1) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 2) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 3) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 4) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 5) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 6) Limited Partnership, a Guernsey limited partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership, a general partnership formed under the laws of England and Wales, and Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF, a Luxembourg fond commun de placement (collectively,   Cinven  ), and Dr. August J. Troendle (  Dr. Troendle  ) as of the date hereof. 
 Recitals 
 WHEREAS, the Company is contemplating an offer and sale of its shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the   Common Stock   and such shares, the   Shares  ), to the public in an underwritten initial public offering (the   IPO   and 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, the Company has agreed to grant to the Holders (as defined below) certain rights with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities (as defined below) on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1.   Definitions .  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this  Section 1 : 
   Acquired Common   has the meaning set forth in  Section 9 . 
   Additional Investor   has the meaning set forth in  Section 9 , and shall be deemed to include each such Person s Affiliates, immediate family members, heirs, successors and assigns who may succeed to such Person as a Holder hereunder. 
   Affiliate   of any Person means any other Person controlled by, controlling or under common control with such Person;  provided  that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Holder.  As used in this definition,  control  (including, with its correlative meanings,  controlling,   controlled by  and  under common control with ) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise). 
   Agreement   has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
   Automatic Shelf Registration Statement   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 
   Business Day   means any day of the year on which national banking institutions in New York are open to the public for conducting business and are not required or authorized to close. 
     Capital Stock   means (i) with respect to any Person that is a corporation, any and all Shares, interests or equivalents in capital stock of such corporation (whether voting or nonvoting and whether common or preferred), (ii) with respect to any Person that is not a corporation, individual or governmental entity, any and all partnership, membership, limited liability company or other equity interests of such Person that confer on the holder thereof the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or the distribution of assets of the issuing Person, and (iii) any  

and all warrants, rights (including conversion and exchange rights) and options to purchase any security described in the clause   (i)   or   (ii)   above.  
   Company   has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
   Demand Registrations   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 
   End of Suspension Notice   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(d)(ii) . 
   Exchange Act   means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor federal law then in force, together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
   FINRA   means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 
   Free Writing Prospectus   means a free-writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405. 
   Holder   means Cinven, Dr. Troendle and any Additional Investor as set forth in  Section 9  who are the registered holders of Registrable Securities. 
   Holder   Indemnified Parties   has the meaning set forth in  Section 7(a) . 
   IPO   has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
   Joinder   has the meaning set forth in  Section 9 . 
   Long-Form Registrations   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 
   MNPI   means material non-public information within the meaning of Regulation FD promulgated under the Exchange Act, which shall in any case include the receipt of the notice of a Demand Registration or Shelf Offering Notice pursuant to  Section 2(a)  and the information contained in such notice. 
   Person   means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 
   Piggyback Registrations   has the meaning set forth in  Section 3(a) . 
   Public Offering   means any sale or distribution to the public of Capital Stock of the Company pursuant to an offering registered under the Securities Act, whether by the Company, by Holders and/or by any other holders of the Company s Capital Stock. 
     Registrable Securities   means (i) Common Stock, (ii) any common Capital Stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in clause  (i)  above by way of dividend, distribution, split or combination of securities, or any recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization, and (iii) any other Shares owned or acquired after the date hereof by Persons that are the registered holders of securities described in clauses  (i)  or  (ii)  above.  As to any particular Registrable Securities owned by any Person, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities on the date such securities have been (a) sold or distributed pursuant to a Public Offering, (b) sold in compliance with Rule 144 following the consummation of the IPO or (c) repurchased by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.  For purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to be a Holder, and the Registrable Securities shall be deemed to be in existence, whenever such Person has the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, such Registrable Securities (upon conversion or exercise in connection with a transfer of securities or otherwise, but disregarding any restrictions or limitations upon the exercise of such right), whether or not such acquisition has actually been effected, and such Person shall be entitled to exercise the rights of a Holder hereunder;  provided  a Holder may only request that Registrable Securities in the form of Capital Stock of the Company that is registered or to be registered as a class  
 2 

under Section 12 of the Exchange Act be registered pursuant to this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with the consent of the Company and the Holders, any Registrable Securities held by any Person that may be sold under Rule 144(b)(1)(i) without limitation under any other of the requirements of Rule 144 (including the aggregation rules thereof) shall not be deemed to be Registrable Securities upon notice from the Company to such Person.  
   Registration Expenses   has the meaning set forth in  Section 6(a) . 
   Rule 144 ,    Rule 158 ,    Rule 405   and   Rule 415   mean, in each case, such rule promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor provision) by the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the same shall be amended from time to time, or any successor rule then in force. 
   Schedule of Investors   means the schedule attached to this Agreement entitled  Schedule of Investors,  which shall reflect each Holder from time to time party to this Agreement and each such Holder s address. 
   Securities Act   means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor federal law then in force, together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
   Shares   has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
   Shelf Offering   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(iii) . 
   Shelf Offering Notice   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(iii) . 
   Shelf Offering Request   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(iii) . 
   Shelf Registrable Securities   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(iii) . 
   Shelf Registration   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 
   Shelf Registration Filing Notice   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(ii) . 
   Shelf Registration Notice   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(i) . 
   Shelf Registration Participation Deadline   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(i) . 
   Shelf Registration Request   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(i) . 
   Shelf Registration Statement   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(i) . 
   Short-Form Registrations   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a) . 
   Subsidiary   means, with respect to the Company, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of Capital Stock of such Person entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company, or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity, either (x) a majority of the Capital Stock of such Person entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of managers, general partners or other oversight board vested with the authority to direct management of such Person is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company or (y) the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is the sole manager or general partner of such Person. 
   Suspension Event   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(d)(ii) . 
   Suspension Notice   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(d)(ii) . 
 3 

Suspension Period    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2(d)(i)  .  
   Underwritten Takedown   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2(c)(iii) . 
   Violation   has the meaning set forth in  Section 7(a) . 
   WKSI   means a  well-known seasoned issuer  as defined under Rule 405. 
 Section 2.   Demand Registrations . 
 (a)   Requests for Registration .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement , each  Holder  may request registration under the  Securities Act  of all or any portion of their  Registrable Securities  on Form  S-1  or any similar long-form registration (  Long-Form Registrations  ), and each  Holder  may request registration under the  Securities Act  of all or any portion of their  Registrable Securities  on Form  S-3  or any similar short-form registration (  Short-Form Registrations  ) if available.  All registrations requested pursuant to this  Section   2(a)    are referred to herein as   Demand Registrations .   The  Holder  making a  Demand Registration  may request that the registration be made pursuant to  Rule 415  under the  Securities Act (a    Shelf Registration   )  and, if the  Company  is a  WKSI  at the time any request for a  Demand Registration  is submitted to the  Company , that such  Shelf Registration  be an  automatic shelf registration statement  (as defined in  Rule 405  under the  Securities Act ) (an   Automatic Shelf Registration Statement  ).  Except to the extent that  Section   2(c)    applies, promptly upon receipt of a request for a  Demand Registration  (but in no event more than five  Business Days  thereafter ), the Company  shall give written notice of the  Demand Registration  to all other  Holders.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  other than delivery to each Holder of the written notice in accordance with this   Section 2(a)  ,  the  Company  shall not be required to take any action that would otherwise be required under this  Section   2    if such action would violate  Section   4(a)    hereof or any similar provision contained in the underwriting  agreement  entered into in connection with any underwritten  Public Offering . 
 (b)   Demand Registrations .  Each  Holder  shall be entitled to request an unlimited number of  Demand Registrations  in which the  Company  shall pay all Registration Expenses, regardless of whether any registration statement is filed or any such  Demand Registration  is consummated.   Demand Registrations  shall be  Short-Form Registrations  whenever the  Company  is permitted to use any applicable short form and the managing underwriters (if any) agree to the use of a  Short-Form Registration .  After the  Company  has become subject to the reporting requirements of the  Exchange Act , the  Company  shall use its  reasonable best efforts  to make  Short-Form Registrations  available for the sale of  Registrable Securities .  All  Long-Form Registrations  shall be underwritten registrations unless otherwise approved by the applicable  Holder .   
 (c)   Shelf Registrations .   
 (i)   Subject to the availability of required financial information, as promptly as practicable after the   Company   receives written notice of a request for a   Shelf Registration from a Holder (a    Shelf Registration Request   ) and the expiration of the Shelf Registration Participation Deadline (as defined below)  , the   Company   shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement under the   Securities Act   for the   Shelf Registration   (a    Shelf Registration Statement   ).  As promptly as practicable, but no later than two   Business Days   after receipt of a   Shelf Registration Request  , the   Company   shall give written notice (the    Shelf Registration Notice   ) of such   Shelf Registration Request   to all other Holders.  The   Company  , subject to   Section 8   hereof, shall include in such   Shelf Registration   (and in all related registrations and qualifications under state blue sky laws) all   Registrable Securities of each Holder   with respect to which the   Company   has received a written request for inclusion therein within two   Business Days   after the   Shelf Registration Notice   was delivered (such deadline, the    Shelf Registration Participation Deadline   ).  The   Company   shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any   Shelf Registration Statement filed in accordance with this   Section 2(c)(i)     to be declared effective under the   Securities Act   as soon as practicable after the initial filing of such   Shelf Registration Statement   and, once effective, the   Company   shall cause such   Shelf Registration Statement   to remain continuously effective for such time period as is specified in the request by the   Holders  , but for no time period longer than the period ending on the earliest of (A) the date on which all   Registrable Securities   covered by such   Shelf Registration   
 4 

Statement   have been sold pursuant to the   Shelf Registration Statement   and (B) the date as of which there are no longer any   Registrable Securities   covered by such   Shelf Registration Statement   in existence.  
 (ii)   Notwithstanding the rights of each Holder under   Section 2(c)(i)  , subject to the availability of required financial information, as promptly as practicable after the   Company   becomes eligible to file a   Shelf Registration Statement   on Form S-3 the   Company   shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 that includes in such Shelf Registration Statement (and in all related registrations and qualifications under state blue sky laws) all Registrable Securities held by each Holder.  No later than five Business Days prior to the initial filing of the Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to   this   Section 2(c)(ii)  , the Company shall give written notice of such filing to each Holder (the    Shelf Registration Filing Notice   ).  Within two Business Days after the receipt of the Shelf Registration Filing Notice each holder shall send the Company a written notice specifying the number of Registrable Securities then held by each Holder or, at the option of such Holder, a lesser number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Shelf Registration Statement, as well as any additional information requested by the Company pursuant to   Section 5(c)  .  The   Company   shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any   Shelf Registration Statement filed in accordance with this   Section 2(c)(ii)     to be declared effective under the   Securities Act   as soon as practicable after the initial filing of such   Shelf Registration Statement   and, once effective, the   Company   shall cause such   Shelf Registration Statement   to remain continuously effective for such time period ending on the earliest of (A) the date on which all   Registrable Securities   covered by such   Shelf Registration Statement   have been sold pursuant to the   Shelf Registration Statement   and (B) the date as of which there are no longer any   Registrable Securities   covered by such   Shelf Registration Statement   in existence.  
   (iii)   In the event that a   Shelf Registration Statement   is effective,   Holders   representing   Registrable Securities   with a market value of at least $  15   million (or such lesser amount if all   Registrable Securities   available for sale pursuant to such registration statement held by a   Holder   are requested to be included) shall have the right at any time or from time to time to elect to offer and sell (including pursuant to an underwritten offering (an    Underwritten Takedown   ))   Registrable Securities   available for sale pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement (   Shelf Registrable Securities   ), so long as the   Shelf Registration Statement   remains effective, and the   Company   shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection therewith.  The applicable   Holders   shall make such election by delivering to the   Company   a written request (a    Shelf Offering Request   ) for such offering specifying the number of   Shelf Registrable Securities   that such   Holders   desire to sell pursuant to such offering (the    Shelf Offering   ).  As promptly as practicable, but no later than two   Business Days   after receipt of a   Shelf Offering Request  , the   Company   shall give written notice (the    Shelf Offering Notice   ) of such   Shelf Offering Request   to all other holders of   Shelf Registrable Securities.   The   Company   shall, as expeditiously as possible (and in any event within 10 days after the receipt of a   Shelf Offering Request  , unless a longer period is agreed to by the   Holders   of the   Registrable Securities   that made the   Shelf Offering Request  ), use its reasonable best efforts to facilitate such   Shelf Offering  .    
 (iv)   The   Company   shall, at the request of any   Holder   of the   Registrable Securities   covered by a   Shelf Registration Statement  , file any prospectus supplement or, if the applicable   Shelf Registration Statement   is an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement, any post-effective amendments and otherwise take any action necessary to include therein all disclosure and language deemed necessary or advisable by such   Holders   to effect such   Shelf Offering  .  
 (d)   Restrictions on   Demand Registration   and   Shelf Offerings . 
 (i)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the   Company   shall not be obligated to effect any   Demand Registration   within 45 days after the consummation of another Demand Registration.  Further notwithstanding the foregoing, the   Company   may postpone, for up to 90 days from the date of the request, the filing or the effectiveness of a registration statement for a   Demand Registration   or suspend the filing of a Shelf Registration Statement or the use of a prospectus that is part of a   Shelf Registration Statement   for up to 90 days from the date of the   Suspension Notice   (as defined below) and therefore suspend sales of the   Shelf Registrable Securities   (such period, the    Suspension Period   ) by providing written notice to the   
 5 

Holders   if (A) the   Company   s board of directors determines in its reasonable good faith judgment that the offer or sale of   Registrable Securities   would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any proposal or plan by the   Company   or any   Subsidiary   to engage in any material acquisition of assets or stock (other than in the ordinary course of business) or any material merger, consolidation, tender offer, recapitalization,   reorganization   or other transaction involving the   Company   or any   Subsidiary  , or (B) upon advice of counsel, the sale of   Registrable Securities   pursuant to the registration statement would require disclosure of MNPI not otherwise required to be disclosed under applicable law, and either (x) the   Company   has a bona fide business purpose for preserving the confidentiality of such transaction or (y) disclosure of such MNPI would have a material adverse effect on the   Company   or the   Company   s ability to consummate such transaction;   provided   that in such event, the   Holders   shall be entitled to withdraw such request for a   Demand Registration   or underwritten   Shelf Offering   and the   Company   shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection with such   Demand Registration   or   Shelf Offering  .  The   Company   may delay a   Demand Registration   hereunder only once in any twelve-month period, except with the consent of the applicable   Holder  .    
 (ii)   In the case of an event that causes the   Company   to suspend the filing or use of a   Shelf Registration Statement   as set forth in paragraph (d)(i) above or pursuant to applicable subsections of   Section   5(a)(vi)     (a    Suspension Event   ), the   Company   shall give a notice to the   Holders   of   Registrable Securities   registered pursuant to such   Shelf Registration Statement   (a    Suspension Notice   ) to suspend sales of the   Registrable Securities   and such notice shall state generally the basis for the notice and that such suspension shall continue only for so long as the Suspension Event or its effect is continuing.  If the basis of such suspension is nondisclosure of MNPI, the   Company   shall not be required to disclose the subject matter of such MNPI to   Holders  .  A   Holder   shall not effect any sales of the   Registrable Securities   pursuant to such   Shelf Registration Statement   (or such filings) at any time after it has received a   Suspension Notice   from the   Company   and prior to receipt of an   End of Suspension Notice   (as defined below).    Holders   may recommence effecting sales of the   Registrable Securities   pursuant to the   Shelf Registration Statement   (or such filings) following written notice to such effect (an    End of Suspension Notice   ) from the   Company  , which   End of Suspension Notice   shall be given by the   Company   to the   Holders   promptly following the conclusion of any Suspension Event.  
 (iii)   Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the   Company   gives a   Suspension Notice   with respect to any   Shelf Registration Statement   pursuant to this   Section   2(d)  , the   Company   agrees that it shall provide copies of any supplemented or amended prospectus necessary to resume sales, with respect to each Suspension Event.  
 (e)   Selection of Underwriters .  The  Holder  requesting the  Demand Registration  or  Underwritten Takedown  shall have the right to select the investment banker(s) and manager(s) to administer such offering (including assignment of titles), subject to the  Company  s approval not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 (f)   Other Registration Rights .  The  Company  represents and warrants that it is not a party to, or otherwise subject to, any other  agreement  granting registration rights to any other  Person  with respect to any securities of the  Company .  Except as provided in this  Agreement , the  Company  shall not grant to any  Persons  the right to request the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  to register any  Capital Stock  of the  Company  or of any  Subsidiary , or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for such securities. 
 Section 3.   Piggyback Registrations . 
 (a)   Right to Piggyback .  Following the  IPO , whenever the  Company  proposes to register any of its securities under the  Securities Act  (other than  (i)  pursuant to a  Demand Registration ,  (ii)  in connection with registrations on Form  S-4  or  S-8  promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor or similar forms or  (iii)  a registration on any form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of  Registrable Securities ) and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration of  Registrable Securities  (a   Piggyback Registration  ), the  Company  shall give prompt written notice to all  Holders  of its intention to effect such  Piggyback Registration  and,  
 6 

subject to the terms of   Section   3(c)  , shall include in such   Piggyback Registration   (and in all related registrations or qualifications under blue sky laws and in any related underwriting) all   Registrable Securities of each Holder   with respect to which the   Company   has received a written request for inclusion therein within 5 days after delivery of the   Company   s notice.  
 (b)   Piggyback Expenses .  The Registration Expenses of the  Holders  shall be paid by the  Company  in all  Piggyback Registrations , whether or not any such registration became effective. 
 (c)   Priority on Registrations .  If a  Piggyback Registration  is an underwritten primary registration on behalf of the  Company , and the managing underwriters advise the  Company  in writing that in their opinion the number of securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability, proposed offering price, timing or method of distribution of the offering, the  Company  shall include in such registration  (i)  first, the securities the  Company  proposes to sell,  (ii)  second, the  Registrable Securities  requested to be included in such registration which, in the opinion of the underwriters, can be sold without any such adverse effect, pro rata among the  Holders  on the basis of the number of  Registrable Securities  then  owned by each such Holder that such Holder of Registrable Securities shall have requested to be included therein , and  (iii)  third, other securities requested to be included in such registration which, in the opinion of the underwriters, can be sold without any such adverse effect. 
 (d)   Selection of Underwriters .  If any  Piggyback Registration  is an underwritten offering, the selection of investment banker(s) and manager(s) for the offering shall be at the election of the  Company ;  provided  that  Holders  representing a majority of the  Registrable Securities  included in such  Piggyback Registration  may request that one or more investment banker(s) or manager(s) be included in such offering (such request not to be binding on the  Company  or such other initiating holders of  Company  securities). 
 (e)   Right to Terminate Registration .  The  Company  shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this  Section   3    whether or not any  Holder  has elected to include securities in such registration.  The Registration Expenses of such withdrawn registration shall be borne by the  Company  in accordance with  Section   6  .  
 Section 4.   Holdback   Agreements . 
 (a)   Holders of Registrable Securities .  If requested by the managing underwriter(s), each Holder participating in an underwritten Public Offering shall enter into customary lock-up agreements, substantially consistent with the lock-up agreements entered into by such Holders in connection with the IPO, with the managing underwriter(s) of such Public Offering.  Each Holder not participating in an offering pursuant to this Agreement agrees to be bound by the terms of such customary lock-up agreement entered into by the participating Holders in connection therewith as if such Holder had been a party thereto;  provided  that, notwithstanding the terms of the customary lock-up agreement entered into by the participating Holders, non-participating Holders shall not be prohibited from (i) establishing any contract, instruction or plan (a   Plan  ) that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act during the lock-up period set forth in such agreements ( provided  that no sales may be made pursuant to such a Plan prior to the expiration of the lock-up period set forth in such agreements and no public announcement of the establishment or existence of a Plan or filing in respect thereof is required or made voluntarily prior to the expiration of the lock-up period set forth in such agreements) or (ii) making sales pursuant to a Plan that exists on the date of the customary lock-up agreement entered into by the participating Holders.  The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares (or other securities) subject to the restrictions set forth in this  Section 4(a)  until the end of the lock-up period set forth in such agreements, including any extension thereof as may be required to comply with FINRA Rule 2711(f)(4). 
 (b)   Exceptions .  The foregoing holdback agreements in  Section   4(a)    shall not apply to a registration on Form S-8 or any successor or similar form or otherwise in connection with an employee benefit plan or in connection with any registration on Form S-4 or any successor or similar form in connection with any type of acquisition transaction or exchange offer. 
 7 

Section 5.    Registration Procedures  .  
 (a)  Whenever the  Holders  have requested that any  Registrable Securities  be registered pursuant to this  Agreement  or have initiated a  Shelf Offering , the  Company  shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration and the sale of such  Registrable Securities  in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof, and pursuant thereto the  Company  shall as expeditiously as possible: 
 (i)   in accordance with the   Securities Act   and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement, and all amendments and supplements thereto and related prospectuses with respect to such   Registrable Securities   and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective (provided that before filing a registration statement or prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, the   Company   shall furnish to the counsel selected by the   Holders   copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the review and comment of such counsel);  
 (ii)   notify each   Holder   of (A) the issuance by the Securities and Exchange Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (B) the receipt by the   Company   or its counsel of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the   Registrable Securities   for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and (C) the effectiveness of each registration statement filed hereunder;  
 (iii)   prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission such amendments and supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective for a period ending when all of the securities   covered by such registration statement   have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of distribution by the sellers thereof set forth in such registration statement (but in any event not before the expiration of any longer period required under the   Securities Act   or, if such registration statement relates to an underwritten   Public Offering  , such longer period as in the opinion of counsel for the underwriters a prospectus is required by law to be delivered in connection with sale of   Registrable Securities   by an underwriter or dealer) and comply with the provisions of the   Securities Act   with respect to the disposition of all securities   covered by such registration statement   during such period in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the sellers thereof set forth in such registration statement;  
 (iv)   furnish to each seller of   Registrable Securities   thereunder such number of copies of such registration statement, each amendment and supplement thereto, the prospectus included in such registration statement (including each preliminary prospectus), each   Free Writing Prospectus   and such other documents as such seller may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the   Registrable Securities   owned by such seller;  
 (v)   use reasonable best efforts to register or qualify such   Registrable Securities   under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as any seller reasonably requests and do any and all other acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable such seller to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the   Registrable Securities   owned by such seller (provided that the   Company   shall not be required to (A) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this subparagraph or (B) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction);  
 (vi)   notify each seller of such   Registrable Securities   (A) promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the date and time when such registration statement and each post-effective amendment thereto has become effective or a prospectus or supplement to any prospectus relating to a registration statement has been filed and when any registration or qualification has become effective under a state securities or blue sky law or any exemption thereunder has been obtained,   (B)   promptly after receipt thereof, of any written comments by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any request by the Securities and   
 8 

Exchange Commission or other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to such registration statement or such prospectus, or for additional information (whether before or after the effective date of the registration statement) or any other correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to, or which may affect, the registration and   (C)   at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the   Securities Act  , of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration statement contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits any fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and, subject to   Section   2(d)  , at the request of any such seller, the   Company   shall prepare a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such   Registrable Securities  , such prospectus shall not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;  
 (vii)   use reasonable best efforts to cause all such   Registrable Securities   to be listed on each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the   Company   are then listed and, if not so listed, to be listed on a securities exchange;  
 (viii)   use reasonable best efforts to provide a transfer agent, registrar and CUSIP number for all such   Registrable Securities   not later than the effective date of such registration statement;  
 (ix)   enter into and perform such customary agreements (including underwriting agreements in customary form), which may include indemnification provisions in favor of underwriters and other   Persons   in addition to the provisions of   Section   7     hereof, make such representations and warranties to the   Holders   registering securities and the underwriters or agents, if any, in form, substance and scope as are customarily made by issuers in public offerings similar to the offering then being undertaken, and take all such other actions as the   Holders   of the   Registrable Securities   being sold or the underwriters, if any, reasonably request in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such   Registrable Securities  ;  
 (x)   make available for inspection by any seller of   Registrable Securities  , any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such seller or underwriter, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate and business documents and properties of the   Company   as shall be necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause the   Company   s officers, directors, employees, agents,   representatives   and independent accountants to make themselves available to discuss the business of the   Company   and to supply all information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney, accountant or agent in connection with such registration statement;  
 (xi)   use reasonable best efforts to ensure that any   Free Writing Prospectus   utilized in connection with any   Demand Registration   or   Piggyback Registration   hereunder complies in all material respects with the   Securities Act  , is filed in accordance with the   Securities Act   to the extent required thereby, is retained in accordance with the   Securities Act   to the extent required thereby and, when taken together with the related prospectus, shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;  
 (xii)   otherwise use reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve months beginning with the first day of the   Company   s first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the registration statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the   Securities Act and Rule 158  ;  
 (xiii)   to the extent that a   Holder  , in its sole and exclusive judgment, might be deemed to be an underwriter of any   Registrable Securities   or a   controlling person   of the   Company  , permit such   Holder   to participate in the preparation of such registration or comparable statement and allow such   Holder   to provide   
 9 

language for insertion therein, in form and substance satisfactory to the   Company  , which in the reasonable judgment of such   Holder   and its counsel should be included;  
 (xiv)   in the event of the issuance of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a registration statement, or the issuance of any order suspending or preventing the use of any related prospectus or suspending the qualification of any   Common Stock   included in such registration statement for sale in any jurisdiction, use reasonable best efforts promptly to obtain the withdrawal of such order;  
 (xv)   use reasonable best efforts to cause such   Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement   to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to enable the sellers thereof to consummate the disposition of such   Registrable Securities  ;  
 (xvi)   cooperate with the   Holders   of   Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement   and the managing underwriter or agent, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legends) representing the   Registrable Securities   to be sold under the registration statement and enable such   Registrable Securities   to be in such denominations and registered in such names as the managing underwriter, or agent, if any, or such   Holders   may request;  
 (xvii)   cooperate with each   Holder   of   Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement   and each underwriter or agent participating in the disposition of such   Registrable Securities   and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with   FINRA  ;  
 (xviii)   use reasonable best efforts to make available the executive officers of the   Company   to participate with the   Holders   of   Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement   and any underwriters in any  road shows  or other selling efforts that may be reasonably requested by the   Holders   in connection with the methods of distribution for the   Registrable Securities  ;  
 (xix)   in the case of any underwritten   Public Offering  , use its reasonable best efforts to obtain one or more cold comfort letters from the   Company   s independent certified public accountants (and, if necessary, any other independent certified public accountants or independent auditors of any   Subsidiary   of the   Company   or any business acquired by the   Company   for which financial statements and financial data are, or are required to be, included in the registration statement) in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the   Holders   of the   Registrable Securities   being sold reasonably request;  
 (xx)   in the case of any underwritten   Public Offering  , use its reasonable best efforts to provide (i) a legal opinion of the   Company   s outside counsel, dated the effective date of such registration statement and the date of the closing under the underwriting   agreement  , the registration statement, each amendment and supplement thereto, the prospectus included therein (including the preliminary prospectus) and such other documents relating thereto in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by legal opinions of such nature, which opinion shall be addressed to the underwriters and the   Holders   of such   Registrable Securities   being sold and (ii) a legal opinion of the   Company   s general counsel, dated the date of the closing under the underwriting   agreement  , the registration statement, each amendment and supplement thereto, the prospectus included therein (including the preliminary prospectus) and such other documents relating thereto in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by legal opinions of such nature, which opinion shall be addressed to the underwriters and the   Holders   of such   Registrable Securities   being sold;  
 (xxi)   if the   Company   files an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement covering any   Registrable Securities  , use its reasonable best efforts to remain a   WKSI   (and not become an ineligible issuer (as defined in   Rule 405   under the   Securities Act  )) during the period during which such Automatic Shelf Registration Statement is required to remain effective;  
 10 

(xxii)    if the   Company   does not pay the filing fee covering the   Registrable Securities   at the time an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement is filed, pay such fee at such time or times as the   Registrable Securities   are to be sold;   
 (xxiii)   if an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement has been outstanding for at least three (3) years, at the end of the third year, file a new Automatic Shelf Registration Statement covering the   Registrable Securities  , and, if at any time when the   Company   is required to re-evaluate its   WKSI   status the   Company   determines that it is not a   WKSI  , use its reasonable best efforts to refile the   Shelf Registration Statement   on Form S-3 and, if such form is not available, Form S-1 and keep such registration statement effective during the period during which such registration statement is required to be kept effective;   
 (xxiv)   provide all such other certificates, letters, opinions and other requested documents customarily provided in public offerings similar to the offering then being undertaken; and  
 (xxv)   take all such other reasonable actions as are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such   Registrable Securities   in accordance with the terms of this   Agreement  .  
 (b)  Any officer of the  Company  who is a  Holder  agrees that if and for so long as he or she is employed by the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  thereof, he or she shall participate fully in the sale process in a manner customary and reasonable for persons in like positions and consistent with his or her other duties with the  Company  and in accordance with applicable law, including the preparation of the registration statement and the preparation and presentation of any road shows. 
 (c)  The  Company  may require each  Holder  requesting, or electing to participate in, any registration or filing pursuant to this Agreement to furnish the  Company  such information regarding such  Holder  and the distribution of such  Registrable Securities  as the  Company  may from time to time reasonably request in writing. 
 (d)  If the  Holders  or any of their respective  Affiliates  seek to effectuate an in-kind distribution of all or part of their respective  Registrable Securities  to their respective direct or indirect equityholders, the  Company  shall, subject to any applicable lock-ups, use reasonable best efforts to facilitate such in-kind distribution in the manner reasonably requested. 
 Section 6.   Registration Expenses . 
 (a)   The   Company   s Obligation .  All expenses incident to the  Company  s performance of or compliance with this  Agreement  (including, without limitation,  (i)  all registration, qualification and filing fees (including filings with  FINRA  and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the underwriters in connection with  FINRA  qualification of the  Registrable Securities ),  (ii)  fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the underwriters in connection with blue sky qualification of the  Registrable Securities ),  (iii)  printing expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for  Registrable Securities  in a form eligible for deposit with The  Depositary Trust Company  and of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is requested by the managing underwriters or by the  Holders  of the  Registrable Securities  included in such registration),  (iv)  messenger, telephone and delivery expenses,  (v)  fees and disbursements of custodians,  (vi)  any other reasonable fees and disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by issuers or sellers of securities,  (vii)  all expenses related to the  road show  for any underwritten  Public Offering , including the cost of any aircraft chartered for such purpose,  (viii)  fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar of the  Company  s  Common Stock  and  (ix)  fees and disbursements of counsel for the  Company  and all independent certified public accountants (including the expenses of any special audit and comfort letters required by or incident to such performance), the underwriters (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) and other  Persons  retained by the  Company ) (all such expenses being herein called   Registration Expenses  ), shall be borne as provided in this  Agreement , except that the  Company  shall, in any event, pay its internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit or quarterly review, the expense of any liability insurance and the expenses and fees for listing the securities to be registered on each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the  Company  are then listed or quotation of the  Registrable Securities  on any inter-dealer quotation system.  Each  Person  that sells  
 11 

securities pursuant to a   Demand Registration   or   Piggyback Registration   hereunder shall bear and pay all underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the securities sold for such   Person   s account.  
 (b)   Counsel   Fees and Disbursements .  In connection with each  Demand Registration , each  Piggyback Registration  and each  Shelf Offering  that is an underwritten  Public Offering , the  Company  shall reimburse the  Holders  of  Registrable Securities  included in such registration for the reasonable fees and disbursements of (i)  o ne counsel chosen by the  Holders  representing a majority of the  Registrable Securities  included in such registration or participating in such  Shelf Offering , and (ii) each additional counsel retained by any  Holder  for the purpose of rendering an opinion on behalf of such  Holder  in connection with any  Demand Registration ,  Piggyback Registration  or  Shelf Offering  that is an underwritten  Public Offering , where the counsel referred to in clause (i) is unable or unwilling to render an opinion on behalf of such  Holder . 
 Section 7.   Indemnification and Contribution . 
 (a)   By the   Company .  The  Company  shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by law, each  Holder , such  Holder  s officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and  representatives , and each  Person  who controls such  Holder  (within the meaning of the  Securities Act ) (the   Holder     Indemnified Parties  ) against all losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities and expenses (including with respect to actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, and including reasonable attorney fees and expenses) caused by, resulting from, arising out of, based upon or related to any of the following statements, omissions or violations (each a   Violation  ) by the  Company :  (i)  any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in (A) any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus or  Free Writing Prospectus , or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or (B) any  application  or other document or communication (in this  Section   7 , collectively called an   application  ) executed by or on behalf of the  Company  or based upon written information furnished by or on behalf of the  Company  filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify any securities  covered by such registration under  the securities laws thereof,  (ii)  any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or  (iii)  any  violation  or alleged  violation  by the  Company  of the  Securities Act  or any other similar federal or state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the  Company  and relating to action or inaction required of the  Company  in connection with any such registration, qualification or compliance.  In addition, the  Company  will reimburse such Holder Indemnified Party for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such losses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the  Company  shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such losses result from, arise out of, are based upon, or relate to an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or omission or alleged omission, made in such registration statement, any such prospectus, preliminary prospectus or  Free Writing Prospectus  or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any  application , in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information prepared and furnished in writing to the  Company  by such Holder Indemnified Party expressly for use therein or by such Holder Indemnified Party s failure to deliver a copy of the registration statement or prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto after the  Company  has furnished such Holder Indemnified Party with a sufficient number of copies of the same.  In connection with an underwritten offering, the  Company  shall indemnify such underwriters, their officers and directors, and each  Person  who controls such underwriters (within the meaning of the  Securities Act ) to the same extent as provided above with respect to the indemnification of the Holder Indemnified Parties. 
 (b)   By Each   Holder .  In connection with any registration statement in which a  Holder  is participating, each such  Holder  shall furnish to the  Company  in writing such information and affidavits as the  Company  reasonably requests for use in connection with any such registration statement or prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the  Company , its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and  representatives , and each  Person  who controls the  Company  (within the meaning of the  Securities Act ) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in the registration statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such  Holder ;  provided  that the obligation to indemnify shall be individual, not joint and several, for each  Holder  and shall be limited to the net amount of proceeds received by such  Holder  from the sale of  Registrable Securities  pursuant to such registration statement. 
 12 

(c)    Claim Procedure  .  Any   Person   entitled to indemnification hereunder shall   (i)   give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall impair any   Person   s right to indemnification hereunder only to the extent such failure has prejudiced the indemnifying party) and   (ii)   unless in such indemnified party s reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.  If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).  An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim.  In such instance, the conflicted indemnified parties shall have a right to retain one separate counsel, chosen by the   Holders   representing a majority of the   Registrable Securities   included in the registration if such   Holders   are indemnified parties, at the expense of the indemnifying party.  
 (d)   Contribution .  If the indemnification provided for in this  Section   7    is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to, or is insufficient to hold harmless, an indemnified party or is otherwise unenforceable with respect to any  loss, claim, damage, liability  or action referred to herein, then the indemnifying party shall contribute to the amounts paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such  loss, claim, damage, liability  or action in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and of the indemnified party on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such  loss, claim, damage, liability  or action as well as any other relevant equitable considerations;  provided  that the maximum amount of liability in respect of such contribution shall be limited, in the case of each seller of  Registrable Securities , to an amount equal to the net proceeds actually received by such seller from the sale of  Registrable Securities  effected pursuant to such registration.  The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the parties  relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.  The parties hereto agree that it would not be just or equitable if the contribution pursuant to this  Section   7(d)    were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account such equitable considerations.  The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to herein shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending against any action or claim which is the subject hereof.  No  Person  guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(t) of the  Securities Act ) shall be entitled to contribution from any  Person  who is not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 
 (e)   Release .  No indemnifying party shall, except with the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this  Section   7 , an indemnifying party shall not be liable for any amounts paid in settlement of any  loss, claim, damage, liability  or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the indemnifying party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 (f)   Non-exclusive Remedy; Survival .  The indemnification and contribution provided for under this  Agreement  shall be in addition to any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any indemnified party may have pursuant to law or contract and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or  controlling Person  of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of  Registrable Securities  and the termination or expiration of this  Agreement .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the provisions on indemnification and contribution contained in the underwriting  agreement  entered into in connection with the  IPO  are in conflict with the foregoing provisions, the provisions in the underwriting  agreement  shall control. 
 13 

Section 8.    Underwritten Registrations  .  
 (a)   Participation .  No  Person  may participate in any  Public Offering  hereunder which is underwritten unless such  Person (i)  agrees to sell such  Person  s securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the  Person  or  Persons  entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements (including, without limitation, pursuant to any over-allotment or  green shoe  option requested by the underwriters;  provided  that no  Holder  shall be required to sell more than the number of  Registrable Securities  such  Holder  has requested to include) and  (ii)  completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements and that are consistent in all material respects with the documents to be completed and executed by the Holders.  Each  Holder  shall execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the  Company  and the lead managing underwriter(s) that are consistent with such  Holder  s obligations under  Section   4 ,  Section   5    and this  Section   8(a)    or that are necessary to give further effect thereto and that are consistent in all material respects with the documents to be completed and executed by the Holders.  To the extent that any such  agreement  is entered into pursuant to, and consistent with,  Section   4    and this  Section   8(a) , the respective rights and obligations created under such  agreement  shall supersede the respective rights and obligations of the  Holders , the  Company  and the underwriters created pursuant to this  Section   8(a) . 
 (b)   Price and Underwriting Discounts .  In the case of an underwritten  Demand Registration  or  Underwritten Takedown  requested by a  Holder  pursuant to this  Agreement , the price, underwriting discount and other financial terms of the related underwriting  agreement  for the  Registrable Securities  shall be determined by such  Holder . 
 (c)   Suspended Distributions .  Each  Person  that is participating in any registration under this  Agreement , upon receipt of any notice from the  Company  of the happening of any event of the kind described in  Section   5(a)(vi)(B)    or  (C) , shall immediately discontinue the disposition of its  Registrable Securities  pursuant to the registration statement until such  Person  s receipt of the copies of a supplemented or amended prospectus as contemplated by  Section   5(a)(vi) .   
 Section 9.   Additional Parties;   Joinder .  Subject to the prior written consent of each Holder, the Company may make any Person who acquires Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock from the Company after the date hereof a party to this Agreement (each such Person, an   Additional Investor  ) and to succeed to all of the rights and obligations of a Holder under this Agreement by obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement from such Additional Investor in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a   Joinder  ).  Upon the execution and delivery of a Joinder by such Additional Investor, the Common Stock of the Company acquired by such Additional Investor or to which such Additional Investor has the right to acquire (the   Acquired Common  ) shall be Registrable Securities to the extent provided herein, such Additional Investor shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect to the Acquired Common, and the Company shall add such Additional Investor s name and address to the Schedule of Investors and circulate such information to the parties to this Agreement. 
 Section 10.   Current Public Information .  At all times after the Company has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the requirements of either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the Company shall file all reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required to enable such Holders to sell Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144.  Upon request, the Company shall deliver to any Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 
 Section 11.   Subsidiary Public Offering .  If, after an initial Public Offering of the Capital Stock of one of its Subsidiaries (including the Company), the Company distributes securities of such Subsidiary to its equityholders, then the rights and obligations of the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall apply,  mutatis mutandis , to such Subsidiary, and the Company shall cause such Subsidiary to comply with such Subsidiary s obligations under this Agreement. 
 Section 12.   MNPI Provisions . 
 (a)  Each  Holder  acknowledges that  (i)  the provisions of this  Agreement  that require communications by the  Company  or other  Holders  to such  Holder  may result in such  Holder and its Representatives  (as defined  
 14 

below) acquiring MNPI (which may include, solely by way of illustration, the fact that an offering of the   Company   s securities is pending or the number of   Company   securities or the identity of the selling   Holders  ), and   (ii)   there is no limitation on the duration of time that such   Holder   and its   Representatives   may be in possession of MNPI and no requirement that the   Company   or other   Holders   make any public disclosure to cause such information to cease to be MNPI;   provided   that the   Company   will use reasonable best efforts to promptly notify each   Holder   if any proposed registration or offering for which a notice has been delivered pursuant to this   Agreement   has been terminated or aborted.  
 (b)  Each  Holder  agrees that it will maintain the confidentiality of such MNPI and, to the extent such  Holder  is not a natural  person , such confidential treatment shall be in accordance with procedures adopted by it in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Holder (  Policies    provided  that a  Holder  may deliver or disclose MNPI to  (i)  its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, affiliates and financial and other advisors (collectively, the   Representatives  ), but solely to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to its evaluation of exercise of its rights under this  Agreement  and the sale of any  Registrable Securities  in connection with the subject of the notice,  (ii)  any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such  Holder ,  (iii)  any  Person  if necessary to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such  Holder ,  (iv)  in response to any subpoena or other legal process, or  (v)  in connection with any litigation to which such  Holder  is a party;  provided further , that in the case of clause  (i) , the recipients of such MNPI are subject to the  Policies  or agree to hold confidential the MNPI in a manner substantially consistent with the terms of this  Section   12    and that in the case of clauses  (ii)   through   (v) , such disclosure is required by law and you promptly notify the  Company  of such disclosure to the extent such  Holder  is legally permitted to give such notice. 
 (c)  Each  Holder , by its execution of a counterpart to this  Agreement  or of a  Joinder , hereby  (i)  acknowledges that it is aware that the U.S. securities laws prohibit any  Person  who has MNPI about a  company  from purchasing or selling, directly or indirectly, securities of such  company  (including entering into hedge transactions involving such securities), or from communicating such information to any other  Person  under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such  Person  is likely to purchase or sell such securities, and  (ii)  agrees that it will not use or permit any third party to use, and that it will use its reasonable best efforts to assure that none of its  Representatives  will use or permit any third party to use, any  MNPI the Company  provides in contravention of the U.S. securities laws and it will cease trading in the  Company  s securities while in possession of MNPI. 
 (d)  Each  Holder  shall have the right, at any time and from time to time (including after receiving information regarding any potential  Public Offering ), to elect not to receive any notice that the  Company  or any other  Holders  otherwise are required to deliver pursuant to this  Agreement  by delivering to the  Company  a written statement signed by such  Holder  that it does not want to receive any notices hereunder (an   Opt-Out Request   in which case and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this  Agreement  the  Company  and other  Holders  shall not be required to, and shall not, deliver any notice or other information required to be provided to  Holders  hereunder to the extent that the  Company  or such other  Holders  reasonably expect would result in a  Holder  acquiring MNPI.  An  Opt-Out Request  may state a date on which it expires or, if no such date is specified, shall remain in effect indefinitely.  A  Holder  who previously has given the  Company  an  Opt-Out Request  may revoke such request at any time, and there shall be no limit on the ability of a  Holder  to issue and revoke subsequent  Opt-Out Requests . 
 Section 13.   General Provisions . 
 (a)   Amendments and Waivers .  Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this  Agreement  may be amended, modified or waived only with the prior written consent of the  Company  and each  Holder ;  provided  that no such amendment, modification or waiver that would adversely affect a  Holder  in a manner that is different from any other  Holder  ( provided  that the accession by any  Additional Investor  to this  Agreement  pursuant to  Section   9    shall not be deemed to adversely affect any  Holder ), shall be effective against such  Holder  without the prior written consent of such  Holder .  The failure or delay of any  Person  to enforce any of the provisions of this  Agreement  shall in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the right of such  Person  thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this  Agreement  in accordance with its terms.  A waiver or consent to or of any breach or default by any  Person  in the performance by that  Person  of his, her or its obligations under this  Agreement  shall not be deemed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by that  Person  of the same or any other obligations of that  Person  under this  Agreement . 
 15 

(b)    Remedies  .  The parties to this   Agreement   shall be entitled to enforce their rights under this   Agreement   specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages caused by reason of any breach of any provision of this   Agreement   and to exercise all other rights existing in their favor.  The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that a breach of this   Agreement   would cause irreparable harm and money damages would not be an adequate remedy for any such breach and that, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing hereunder, any party shall be entitled to specific performance and/or other injunctive relief from any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction (without posting any bond or other security) in order to enforce or prevent   violation   of the provisions of this   Agreement  .  
 (c)   Severability .  Whenever possible, each provision of this  Agreement  shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this  Agreement  is held to be prohibited, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, such prohibition, invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this  Agreement  in such jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction, but this  Agreement  shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such prohibited, invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 (d)   Entire   Agreement .  Except as otherwise provided herein, this  Agreement  contains the complete  agreement  and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. 
 (e)   Successors and Assigns .  This  Agreement  shall bind and inure to the benefit and be enforceable by the  Company  and its successors and assigns and the  Holders  and their respective successors and assigns (whether so expressed or not).  In addition, whether or not any express assignment has been made, the provisions of this  Agreement  which are for the benefit  Holders  are also for the benefit of, and enforceable by, any subsequent or successor  Holder . 
 (f)   Notices .  Any notice, demand or other communication to be given under or by reason of the provisions of this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given or delivered (i) when delivered personally to the recipient, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient but, if not, then on the next  Business Day , (iii) one  Business Day  after it is sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) or (iv) three  Business Days  after it is mailed to the recipient by first class mail, return receipt requested.  Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the  Company  and the  Holders  at the addresses specified below and to any other party subject to this  Agreement  at such address or to the attention of such other  Person  as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party.  Any party may change such party s address for receipt of notice by providing prior written notice of the change to the sending party as provided herein.   
 The  Company  s address is: 
 Medpace Holdings, Inc. 
 5375 Medpace Way 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45227 
 Attn: General Counsel 
 Facsimile: (513) 579-0444 
 or to such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the Company has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
 Dr. Troendle s address is: 
 Medpace Holdings, Inc. 
 5375 Medpace Way 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45227 
 Attn: Dr. August Troendle 
 Facsimile: (513) 579-0444 
 16 

The address for Fifth Cinven Fund (No.1) Limited Partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No.2) Limited Partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No.3) Limited Partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No.4) Limited Partnership, Fifth Cinven Fund (No.5) Limited Partnership and Fifth Cinven Fund (No.6) Limited Partnership   is:  
   
 East Wing, 
 Trafalgar Court 
 Les Banques  
 St Peter Port 
 Guernsey 
 GY1 3PP 
   
 The Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership s address is: 
   
 Warwick Court,  
 Paternoster Square 
 London 
 United Kingdom 
 EC4M 7AG 
   
 The Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF s address is: 
   
 7, rue Lou Hemmer,  
 L-1748  
 Luxembourg 
   
 (g)   Business Days .  If any time period for giving notice or taking action hereunder expires on a day that is not a  Business Day , the time period shall automatically be extended to the immediately following  Business Day . 
 (h)   Governing Law .  The corporate law of the  State of Delaware  shall govern all issues and questions concerning the relative rights of the  Company  and its shareholders.  All other issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforcement of this  Agreement  and the exhibits and schedules hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the  State of New York . 
 (i)   MUTUAL WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL .  AS A SPECIFICALLY BARGAINED FOR INDUCEMENT FOR EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS  AGREEMENT  (AFTER HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL), EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS  AGREEMENT  OR THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 (j)   CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND SERVICE OF PROCESS .  EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  LOCATED IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF  NEW YORK  BOROUGH OF  MANHATTAN , FOR THE PURPOSES OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS  AGREEMENT , ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY  U.S.  REGISTERED MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S RESPECTIVE ADDRESS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTERS TO WHICH IT HAS SUBMITTED TO JURISDICTION IN THIS PARAGRAPH.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS  AGREEMENT , ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY IN THE  UNITED STATES  DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF  DELAWARE , AND HEREBY AND THEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT  
 17 

THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  
 (k)   No Recourse .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this  Agreement , the  Company  and each  Holder  agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this  Agreement  or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this  Agreement , shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, general or limited partner or member of any  Holder  or of any  Affiliate  or assignee thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future officer, agent or employee of any  Holder  or any current or future member of any  Holder  or any current or future director, officer, employee, partner or member of any  Holder  or of any  Affiliate  or assignee thereof, as such for any obligation of any  Holder  under this  Agreement  or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this  Agreement  for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 
 (l)   Descriptive Headings; Interpretation .  The descriptive headings of this  Agreement  are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this  Agreement .  The use of the word  including  in this  Agreement  shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. 
 (m)   No Strict Construction .  The language used in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. 
 (n)   Counterparts .  This  Agreement    may be executed in multiple counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signature of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same  agreement . 
 (o)   Electronic Delivery .  This  Agreement , the agreements referred to herein, and each other  agreement  or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent executed and delivered by means of a photographic, photostatic, facsimile or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original  agreement  or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in  person .  At the request of any party hereto or to any such  agreement  or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties.  No party hereto or to any such  agreement  or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or  agreement  or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 
 (p)   Further Assurances .  In connection with this  Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby, each  Holder  shall execute and deliver any additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts that may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and perform the provisions of this  Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (q)   No Inconsistent Agreements .  The  Company  shall not hereafter enter into any  agreement  with respect to its securities which is inconsistent with or violates the rights granted to the  Holders  in this  Agreement . 
 * * * * * 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.  

MEDPACE HOLDINGS, INC.  

By:   
 
 /s/ Stephen P. Ewald  

Name:   
 
 Stephen P. Ewald  

Its:   
 
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary  

[ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ] 

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 1) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 2) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

[ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ] 

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 3) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 4) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

[ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ] 

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 5) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 6) Limited Partnership  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) Limited Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By: Cinven Capital Management (V) General Partnership Incorporated  

Its: General Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Hayley Tanguy  

Name:   
 
 Hayley Tanguy  

Title:   
 
 Director  

Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership  

By: CIP (V) Nominees Limited  

Its: Partner  

By:   
 
 /s/ Dr. Babett Carrier  

Name:   
 
 Dr. Babett Carrier  

Title:   
 
 Director  

Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF  

By: Cinven Manco S.A.R.L.  

Its: Manager  

By:   
 
 /s/ Gautier Laurent  

Name:   
 
 Gautier Laurent  

Title:   
 
 Manager  

By:   
 
 /s/ Marc Lamberty  

Name:   
 
 Marc Lamberty  

Title:   
 
 Manager  

[ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ] 

DR. AUGUST J. TROENDLE  

By:   
 
 /s/ Dr. August J. Troendle  

Name:   
 
 Dr. August J. Troendle  

[ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ] 

Schedule of Investors  
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 1) Limited Partnership  
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 2) Limited Partnership 
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 3) Limited Partnership 
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 4) Limited Partnership 
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 5) Limited Partnership 
 Fifth Cinven Fund (No. 6) Limited Partnership 
 East Wing, 
 Trafalgar Court 
 Les Banques  
 St Peter Port 
 Guernsey 
 GY1 3PP 
   
 Fifth Cinven Fund Co-Investment Partnership 
 Warwick Court,  
 Paternoster Square 
 London 
 United Kingdom 
 EC4M 7AG 
   
 Fifth Cinven Fund FCP-SIF 
 7, rue Lou Hemmer,  
 L-1748  
 Luxembourg 
   
 Dr. August J. Troendle 
 Medpace Holdings, Inc. 
 5375 Medpace Way 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45227 
 Attn: Dr. August Troendle 

EXHIBIT A  
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT JOINDER 
 The undersigned is executing and delivering this Joinder pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 10, 2016 (as the same may hereafter be amended, the   Registration Rights Agreement  ), among Medpace Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), and the other person named as parties therein. 
 By executing and delivering this Joinder to the Company, and upon acceptance hereof by the Company upon the execution of a counterpart hereof, the undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Registration Rights Agreement, and the undersigned s shares of Common Stock shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement to the extent provided therein.  The Company is directed to add the address below the undersigned s signature on this Joinder to the Schedule of Investors attached to the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the __________ day of __________, 20__. 

Signature of Shareholder  

Print Name of Shareholder  

Its:  

Address:  

Agreed and Accepted as of 
 ____________, 20__ 

Medpace Holdings, Inc.  

By:  

Name:  

Its:  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 medp-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

medp-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, August J. Troendle, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Medpace Holdings, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 [Omitted];    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ August J. Troendle  

August J. Troendle  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 medp-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

medp-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Jesse Geiger, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Medpace Holdings, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 [Omitted];    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Jesse Geiger  

Jesse Geiger  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Laboratory Operations   

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 medp-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

medp-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Medpace Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, August J. Troendle, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein.     

 Date: November 3, 2016 

By:  

/s/ August J. Troendle  

August J. Troendle  

President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 medp-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

medp-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Medpace Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jesse Geiger, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Laboratory Operations of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein.     

 Date: November 3, 2016 

By:  

/s/ Jesse Geiger  

Jesse Geiger  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Laboratory Operations  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 medp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 medp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 medp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 medp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 medp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 medp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

