<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1466815_0001466815-16-000010_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6267856</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95759</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>259798</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2595282</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2404376</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>759949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001466815-16-000010.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109192844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001466815-16-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAMBIUM LEARNING GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001466815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PUBLISHING [2741]
		IRS NUMBER:				270587428
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34575
		FILM NUMBER:		161985595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17855 NORTH DALLAS PARKWAY, SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75287
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-932-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17855 NORTH DALLAS PARKWAY, SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75287

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cambium-Voyager Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090622

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cambium Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001466815-16-000010.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 abcd-93016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _____________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  _____________________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                     to                     . 
  Commission File Number: 001-34575    
  _____________________________________________ 
  Cambium Learning Group, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
  _____________________________________________ 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (888) 399-1995 
  _____________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes             No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes             No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
        
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
           
       Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes             No      
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of   November 3, 2016   was 46,023,259. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I 
      
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
      
     Financial Statements  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  
    6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    7 

Item 2. 
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 

Item 3. 
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    33 

Item 4. 
      
     Controls and Procedures  
    34 

PART II 
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    34 

Item 1. 
      
     Legal Proceedings  
    34 

Item 1A. 
      
     Risk Factors  
    34 

Item 6. 
      
     Exhibits  
    35 

SIGNATURE PAGE  
    36 

EXHIBITS  
    37 

2 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
  Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
   
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

3 

Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   4 

Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   5 

Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited)    

The accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   6 

Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1   Basis of Presentation 
  Presentation 
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Cambium Learning        Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) and are unaudited.  The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   has been derived from audited financial statements.  All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
  As permitted under the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) requirements for interim reporting, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been omitted.  The Company believes that these financial statements include all necessary and recurring adjustments for the fair presentation of the interim period results.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Due to seasonality, the results of operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future interim period or for the year ending December 31,   2016  . 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  Subsequent actual results may differ from those estimates. 
  Nature of Operations 
  The Company is a leading educational solutions and services company that is committed to helping all students reach their full potential.  The Company s brands include:   Learning A-Z       ,   Voyager Sopris Learning       ,   ExploreLearning       , and   Kurzweil Education       .  Together, these brands provide breakthrough technology solutions for online learning and professional support; best-in-class intervention and supplemental instructional materials; gold-standard professional development and school-improvement services; valid and reliable assessments; and proven materials to support a positive and safe school environment. 
  These brands comprise   three   reportable segments with separate management teams and infrastructures that offer various products and services.  See Note 14     Segment Reporting   for further information on the Company s segment reporting structure. 

Note 2   Accounts Receivable 
  Accounts receivable are stated net of allowances for doubtful accounts and estimated sales returns.  The allowance for doubtful accounts and estimated sales returns totaled   $0.6 million   and   $0.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively.  The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on a review of outstanding balances and historical collection experience.  The reserve for sales returns is based on historical rates of return as well as other factors that in the Company s judgment, could reasonably be expected to cause sales returns to differ from historical experience. 

Note 3   Stock-Based Compensation and Expense 
  Cambium Learning Group, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan 
  In 2009, the Company adopted the Cambium Learning Group, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan ( Incentive Plan ). Under the Incentive Plan,   5,000,000   shares of common stock were reserved for issuance of awards which may be granted in the form of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, conversion stock options, conversion stock appreciation rights, and other stock or cash awards.  The Incentive Plan is administered by the board of directors which has the authority to establish the terms and conditions of awards granted under the Incentive Plan. 
  
   7 

Stock-Based Compensation and Expense 
  The following table presents our stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock options that are recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the periods presented: 

2016 Grants 
  In the first quarter 2016, the Company granted   290,000   options under the Incentive Plan with an exercise price of   $4.50  .  The options vest in equal monthly installments on the last day of the month over a   four  -year period, with an initial vesting date of   March 31, 2016  .  In the third quarter 2016, the Company granted   25,000   options under the Incentive Plan with an exercise price of   $4.88  .  The options vest in equal monthly installments on the last day of the month over a   four  -year period, with an initial vesting date of July 31, 2016.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had   2,823,426   stock options outstanding. 

Note 4   Net Income per Common Share 
  Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, including potential dilutive shares of common stock assuming the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards using the treasury stock method.  Weighted-average shares from common share equivalents in the amount of   534,726   and   448,666   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   135,930   and   258,542   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, were excluded from the respective dilutive shares outstanding because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
  The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability (exit price), in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  Valuation techniques are based on observable or unobservable inputs.  Observable inputs reflect market  
  
   8 

data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions.  These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: 
             
    Level 1   Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
                
    Level 2   Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which significant value drivers are observable. 
                
    Level 3   Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which significant value drivers are unobservable.  
     Applicable guidance requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , financial instruments include   $11.7 million   of cash and cash equivalents, restricted assets of   $3.5 million  , collateral investments of   $1.8 million  , and Senior Secured Credit Facility term loans, net of discount and deferred financing costs, of   $99.5 million  .  At   December 31, 2015  , financial instruments include   $8.6 million   of cash and cash equivalents, restricted assets of   $4.4 million  , collateral investments of   $1.8 million  , and Senior Secured Credit Facility term loans, net of discount and deferred financing costs, of   $101.7 million  .  The fair market values of cash equivalents, restricted assets, and collateral investments are equal to their carrying value, as these investments are recorded based on quoted market prices and/or other market data for the same or comparable instruments and transactions as of the end of the reporting period.  See Note 13     Long-Term Debt   for additional information regarding the Company s term loans. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying value of the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facility term loans approximates the fair value, as the borrowings are tied to the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) and are market sensitive. 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows: 
                                                  (in thousands) 

Fair Value at Reporting Date Using 
      Description 
      
    September 30, 2016 
      
    Quoted Prices 
  in Active 
  Markets for 
  Identical 
  Assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant 
  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 3) 
      Restricted Assets: 

Money Market 
      
    $ 
    3,518 

$ 
    3,518 

$ 

$ 

Collateral Investments: 

Money Market 
      
    906 

906 

Certificates of Deposit 
      
    879 

879 

9 

(in thousands) 
      
    Total Gains (Losses) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
      Description 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Restricted Assets: 

Money Market 
      
    $ 

$ 

Collateral Investments: 

Money Market 

Certificates of Deposit 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis are listed below at their carrying values as of each reporting date:     

(in thousands) 
      
    Total Gains (Losses) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
      Description 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Goodwill 
      
    $ 

$ 

Property, equipment and software, net 

Pre-publication costs, net 

Acquired curriculum and technology intangibles, net 

Acquired publishing rights, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

There were   no   significant remeasurements of these assets during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 

10 

Note 6   Other Current Assets 
  Other current assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

Note 7   Other Assets 
  Other assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

Deferred Financing Costs 
  Deferred financing costs relate to costs incurred with the issuance of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement.  See Note 13     Long-Term Debt  . 
  Collateral Investments 
  The Company maintains certificates of deposit to collateralize its outstanding letters of credit associated with credit collections and workers  compensation activity.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $0.9 million   in certificates of deposit serving as collateral for its outstanding letters of credit. 
  Additionally, the Company maintains a money market fund investment to serve as collateral for a travel card program.  The balance of the money market fund investment was   $0.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 8   Accrued Expenses 
  Accrued expenses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following:    

Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
  See Note 10     Pension Plan   for additional information regarding the Company s pension plan. 

Note 9   Other Liabilities 
  Other liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

11 

Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
  See Note 10     Pension Plan   for additional information regarding the Company s pension plan. 

Note 10   Pension Plan 
  The net pension costs of the Company s defined benefit pension plan were comprised primarily of interest costs and totaled   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015   and   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The net pension costs included the amortization of accumulated net loss of   $38 thousand   and   $0.1 million  , for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The net pension costs included the amortization of accumulated net loss of   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

Note 11   Uncertain Tax Positions and Income Taxes 
  The Company recognizes the financial statement impact of a tax return position when it is more likely than not, based on technical merits, that the position will ultimately be sustained.  For tax positions that meet this recognition threshold, the Company applies judgment, taking into account applicable tax laws, experience managing tax audits and relevant GAAP, to determine the amount of tax benefits to recognize in its financial statements.  For each position, the difference between the benefit realized on the Company s tax return and the benefit reflected in its financial statements is recorded to Other Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as an unrecognized tax benefit ( UTB ).  The Company updates its UTBs at each financial statement date to reflect the impacts of audit settlements and other resolution of audit issues, expiration of statutes of limitation, developments in tax law and ongoing discussions with tax authorities.  The balance of UTBs was   $5.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $6.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at   September 30, 2016   are approximately   $0.4 million   of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.  The recognition of the remaining uncertain tax positions would not affect the effective tax rate, but would instead increase or would have increased available tax attributes.  However, the recognition of the tax attribute would be offset by an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting in no net impact to the effective tax rate. 
  The Company recognizes interest accrued related to its UTBs and penalties as income tax expense.  Related to the UTBs noted above, the Company recognized   no   penalties and immaterial interest during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has liabilities of   $0.1 million   for penalties (gross) and   $0.1 million   for interest (gross).  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , UTBs were decreased by   $0.5 million   for effectively settled tax positions. 
  The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions.  All U.S. tax years prior to 2008 related to the Voyager Learning Company acquired entities have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. Cambium and its subsidiaries have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service through the end of 2006.  The Company has been audited by the various state tax authorities through 2007. 
  In September 2016, the Company entered into a Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement (the  Rights Agreement ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent.  The Rights Agreement is designed to preserve the Company s substantial net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) and other significant tax benefits which may be available to reduce potential future tax liabilities.  The Rights Agreement is not intended to be an antitakeover measure or to deter offers that are fair and otherwise in the best interests of the Company s stockholders. 

Note 12   Commitments and Contingencies 
  Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business.  Management believes that the outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company s consolidated operations or financial condition and the Company has recognized appropriate liabilities as necessary based on facts and circumstances known to management. The Company expenses legal costs related to legal contingencies as incurred. 
  Purchase Commitments 
  From time to time, the Company may enter into firm purchase commitments for printed materials included in inventory which the Company expects to use in the ordinary course of business.  These commitments are typically for terms less than   one    
  
   12 

year and require the Company to buy minimum quantities of materials with specific delivery dates at a fixed price over the term. These open purchase commitments totaled   $0.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Letters of Credit 
  The Company has letters of credit outstanding at   September 30, 2016   in the amount of   $0.9 million   to support credit collections and workers  compensation activity.  The Company maintains certificates of deposit of   $0.9 million   as collateral for the letters of credit as well as an additional deposit to support Automated Clearing House processing and credit card collections. The Company also maintains a   $0.9 million   money market fund investment as collateral for a travel card program. The certificates of deposit and money market fund investment are included in Collateral Investments in Note 7     Other Assets. 

Note 13   Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following:    

Senior Secured Credit Facility 
  On December 10, 2015, Cambium Learning, Inc. (the  Borrower ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cambium Learning Group, Inc., entered into a   $135.0 million   Senior Secured Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) among the Borrower, the Company, Webster Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and a Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto, with Webster Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arranger, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as Joint Lead Arranger and Syndication Agent, and Capital One National Association, and Babson Capital Finance, LLC, as Co-Documentation Agents (the  Senior Secured Credit Facility ).  The Senior Secured Credit Facility consists of a term loan A which had an initial principal amount of   $70.0 million   ( Term Loan A ), a term loan B which had an initial principal amount of   $35.0 million   ( Term Loan B ) and a   $30.0 million   revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ), secured by a lien on substantially all assets and capital stock of the Company, the Borrower and the Borrower s subsidiaries (collectively, the  Loan Parties ).  The Senior Secured Credit Facility matures on   December 10, 2020  . 
  Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest equal to either a Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, or the LIBOR rate (subject to a   1.0%   floor), at the Borrower s option, plus an applicable margin.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility ranges between   2.75%   and   3.50%   for Base Rate loans and   3.75%   and   4.50%   for LIBOR loans.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility is based on a leverage calculation.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan B is   4.25%   for Base Rate loans and   5.25%   for LIBOR loans.  From the inception of the Senior Secured Credit Facility to the end of the third quarter 2016, an interest rate of   5.5%   applied to the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility and an interest rate of   6.25%   applied to the Term Loan B.  Additionally, unused borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee of   0.5%  .  Interest is payable quarterly in arrears, or earlier for loans with shorter interest periods. 
  The Credit Agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants customary for financings of this type, including, among other things, limits on the creation of liens, limits on the incurrence of indebtedness, restrictions on investments and dispositions, limitations on fundamental changes to the Loan Parties, a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio, and minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. Upon an event of default, and after any applicable cure period, the Administrative Agent can accelerate the maturity of the loan. Events of default include customary items, such as failure to pay principal and interest in a timely manner and breach of covenants.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Facility.   
  The principal balances of the Senior Secured Credit Facility were issued at a discount, representing fees paid to lenders, which are amortized over the life of the debt using the effective interest rate method.  Unamortized discount at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $1.5 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively. 
  The Company incurred debt issuance costs associated with the Senior Secured Credit Facility, which were deferred and are amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method.  Unamortized deferred financing costs related to both Term Loan A and Term Loan B totaled   $1.1 million   and   $1.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are presented as a reduction to Long-term Debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Unamortized  
  
   13 

deferred financing costs related to the Revolving Credit Facility totaled   $0.8 million   and   $0.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are classified as Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding principal balances of   $67.4 million   of Term Loan A,   $34.7 million   of Term Loan B, and   no   borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and had   $30.0 million   borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
  In February 2016, the Company paid   $0.1 million   to enter into interest rate cap agreements for approximately half of its outstanding Term Loan A and Term Loan B loans, less required amortization, for a   three  -year period.  Under the interest rate cap agreements, the Company will receive payments for any period that the three-month LIBOR rate exceeds   2.5%  . 

Note 14   Segment Reporting 
  The Company operates in   three   reportable segments with separate management teams and infrastructures that offer various products and services. 
  Learning A-Z Segment 
  Learning A-Z is a PreK-6 education technology provider of digitally delivered resources and tools that support instruction and student growth in reading, writing, and science.  Founded in 2002, Learning A-Z believes that an enlightened approach to literacy  which starts with reading and writing, but also includes the development of key 21st century skills like communication, creativity, collaboration, and critical-thinking   is the foundation to all learning. With a robust library of incredibly effective and flexible curriculum resources, Learning A-Z provides the tools teachers need to deliver personalized instruction for a wide range of student needs, including English language learners, intervention, special education, and daily instruction. Learning A-Z s resources are currently used in more than half the districts across the United States and Canada and in over   175   countries worldwide.  Learning A-Z is committed to: 
             
    Delivering unmatched value,   whereby high-quality resources are affordable for every individual classroom 
                
    Making personalized learning easier,   giving teachers what they need to deliver the just-right instructional resources to every student 
                
    Empowering teachers as the foundation of student achievement,   ensuring that teachers are given the support they need to be effective and efficient 
     Learning A-Z operates seven subscription-based websites:   Reading A-Z , Raz-Kids       , Headsprout       , Science A-Z       , Writing A-Z , Vocabulary A-Z ,   and   ReadyTest A-Z   .  These websites can be purchased stand-alone or in collections, for a comprehensive solution that provides online supplemental books, lessons, assessments and other instructional resources for individual classrooms, schools, and districts. 
  Voyager Sopris Learning Segment 
  The Voyager Sopris Learning segment includes the Company s Voyager Sopris Learning and Kurzweil Education brands. 
  Voyager Sopris Learning Brand 
  The Voyager Sopris Learning brand is committed to partnering with school districts to meet and surpass their goals for student achievement.  The Voyager Sopris Learning suite of instructional and service solutions is not only research based, but also evidence based   proven to increase student achievement and educator effectiveness.  Voyager Sopris Learning s solutions have been fully tested in the classroom, ensuring that they are easy to implement and teacher friendly.  They are innovative, both in overall instructional approach and in the strategic use of technology in blended and 100% online solutions and are supported by an unparalleled commitment to build local capacity for sustained success.  With a comprehensive suite of instructional resources, the Voyager Sopris Learning brand provides assessments, professional development and school improvement services, literacy and math instructional tools   both comprehensive intervention and supplemental   and resources to build a positive school climate.   
  Kurzweil Education Brand 
  The Kurzweil Education brand delivers educational technology that solves real problems.  The Kurzweil Education literacy and learning solutions offer learners a way up and a path forward.  Students  varying needs, their challenges, and their potential to achieve drive Kurzweil Education, which continues to develop literacy-boosting solutions that directly enhance opportunities to learn and achieve. Using the principles of Universal Design for Learning, Kurzweil s solutions deliver content and tools that enable all learners to read, understand, and demonstrate their learning using technology-based tools. 
  
   14 

ExploreLearning Segment 
  ExploreLearning develops online solutions to improve student learning in math and science.  ExploreLearning has   two   products:   Gizmos       , which the Company believes is the world s best library of interactive, online simulations for math and science in grades 3-12; and   Reflex       , a powerful solution for math fact fluency development for grades 2-8. 
  Other 
  Other consists of unallocated shared services, such as accounting, legal, human resources and corporate related items, as well as depreciation and amortization expense, other income and expense, and income taxes.  The Company does not allocate any of these costs to its segments, and the chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of operating segments excluding these items. 
  The following tables present the net revenues, operating expenses, income from operations, and capital expenditures which are used by the Company s chief operating decision maker to measure the segments  operating performance.  The Company does not track assets directly by segment and the chief operating decision maker does not use assets to measure a segment s operating performance, and therefore this information is not presented. 

15 

16 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  This section should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ) and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and uncertainties, and which are based on beliefs, expectations, estimates, projections, forecasts, plans, anticipations, targets, outlooks, initiatives, visions, objectives, strategies, opportunities, drivers and intents of our management.  Such statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report, including statements regarding our future financial condition, economic performance and results of operations, as well as our business strategy, objectives of management for future operations, and the information set forth under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  are forward-looking statements. 
  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements can, in some cases, be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language, such as  believes,   expects,   estimates,   projects,   forecasts,   plans,   anticipates,   targets,   outlooks,   initiatives,   visions,   objectives,   strategies,   opportunities,   drivers,   intends,   scheduled to,   seeks,   may,   will,  or  should,  or the negative of those terms, or other variations of those terms or comparable language, or by discussions of strategy, plans, targets, models or intentions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and except for our ongoing obligations under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.  Accordingly, you are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, as it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A and elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise required by law, we also disclaim any obligation to update our view of any such risks or uncertainties or to announce publicly the results of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this report. 
  Overview 
  Cambium Learning        Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a leading educational solutions and services company that is committed to helping all students reach their full potential.  Our award winning brands include: Learning A Z        (www.learninga-z.com), Voyager Sopris Learning            (www.voyagersopris.com), ExploreLearning        (www.explorelearning.com and www.reflexmath.com) and Kurzweil Education        (www.kurzweiledu.com).  Together, these brands provide breakthrough technology solutions for online learning and professional support; best-in-class intervention and supplemental instructional materials; gold-standard professional development and school-improvement services; valid and reliable assessments; and proven materials to support a positive and safe school environment. 
  During 2016, our products have continued to receive awards and accolades from industry publications. 
  The 21   st    Annual Education Software Review Awards ( EDDIE ) presented by The ComputED Gazette 
  In October 2016, the Company was awarded 15 EDDIE awards from ComputED Gazette.  The EDDIE Awards recognize innovative and content-rich programs and websites that augment the classroom curriculum and improve teacher productivity, providing parents and teachers with the technology to foster educational excellence.  We won EDDIE Awards in the following categories: 
  Early Learning, Reading Website: Headsprout          by Learning A-Z 
  Early Learning, Online Classroom Library: Reading A-Z    by Learning A-Z 
  Early Elementary, Online Classroom Library: Headsprout          by Learning A-Z 
  
   18 

Upper Elementary, Science Website: Science A-Z          by Learning A-Z 
  Upper Elementary, Test Skills Website: ReadyTest A-Z    by Learning A-Z 
  Upper Elementary, Writing Website: Writing A-Z    by Learning A-Z 
  Multilevel, Reading Resource Website: Raz-Kids          by Learning A-Z 
  Teacher Tools, Educators Online Resource: Raz-Plus        by Learning A-Z 
  Teacher Tools, Reading Resource Website: Reading A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Early Elementary, Math Fluency Website: Reflex          by ExploreLearning 
  Multi-Level, Math   Science Online Simulations: Gizmos          by ExploreLearning 
  Upper Elementary, Literacy Website: Kurzweil 3000          by Kurzweil Education 
  Middle School, Literacy Website: Kurzweil 3000   by Kurzweil Education 
  High School, Literacy Website: Kurzweil 3000   by Kurzweil Education 
  Multi-Level, Literacy Website: Kurzweil 3000   by Kurzweil Education 
  2016 34   th    Annual Awards of Excellence by Tech   Learning Magazine 
  In October 2016, ExploreLearning was among the winners of Tech   Learning magazine s 33rd Annual Awards of Excellence for Best Upgraded Product for its   Gizmos   product.  The Tech   Learning Awards of Excellence recognize both new and upgraded education technology products. Judges evaluated more than 150 applicants using four criteria: quality and effectiveness, ease of use, creative use of technology, and suitability for use in an educational environment. Winners in the Best Upgraded Product category made significant enhancements in the past year to proven education tools.  
  2016 REVERE Award presented by the PreK-12 Learning Group of the Association of American Publishers 
  In June 2016, Voyager Sopris Learning received a 2016 REVERE Award for the content in its   LANGUAGE!Live        product in the  Classroom Supplemental Resources for Learners with Additional Educational Needs  category.    LANGUAGE!Live   is a comprehensive English language arts curriculum for struggling adolescent readers and writers.  The REVERE Awards are presented by the PreK-12 Learning Group of the Association of American Publishers to identify and honor excellence in educational materials. 
  2016 CODiE Awards 
  In May 2016, we received three 2016 CODiE Awards, representing the 5  th   consecutive year the Company has received at least one CODiE award.  Since 1986, the Software and Information Industry Association (  SIIA  ) CODiE Awards have recognized software and information companies for achievement and vision.  It is the only peer-reviewed program in the content, education, and software industry.  We won a 2016 award in the following categories: 
  Best Solution for Special Needs Students:     Raz-Kids   by Learning A-Z 
  Best PreK / Early Childhood Learning Solution:     Headsprout   by Learning A-Z 
  Best Educational App for a Mobile Device: Reflex   by ExploreLearning 
  The 22   nd    Annual Best Educational Software Awards ( BESSIE ) presented by The ComputED Gazette 
  In April 2016, Learning A-Z, Voyager Sopris Learning, and ExploreLearning each received BESSIE Awards.  The BESSIE Awards target innovative and content-rich programs and websites that provide parents and teachers with technology to foster educational excellence and are awarded to titles submitted by publishers worldwide.  We won BESSIE Awards in the following categories: 
  Early Learning, Reading Website  :   Headsprout   by Learning A-Z 
  Early Learning, Reading Skills Website  :   Raz-Kids   by Learning A-Z 
  
   19 

Early Elementary, Reading Website  :   Headsprout   by Learning A-Z 
  Early Elementary, Science Website: Science A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Early Elementary  ,   Math Fluency Website: Reflex   by ExploreLearning 
  Upper Elementary, Science Website: Science A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Upper Elementary, Test Skills Website: ReadyTest A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Upper Elementary, Reading Website: Reading A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Upper Elementary, Writing Website: Writing A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Multilevel, ESL Website: LANGUAGE! Live   by Voyager Sopris Learning 
  Multilevel, Reading Resource Website: Raz-Kids   by Learning A-Z 
  Multilevel, Math and Science Online Simulations: Gizmos   by ExploreLearning 
  Teacher Tools, Reading Resource Website: Reading A-Z   by Learning A-Z 
  Segment Information 
  We have three reportable segments with separate management teams and infrastructures that offer various products and services: Learning A-Z, Voyager Sopris Learning, and ExploreLearning.  Segment results of operations include Other, which consists of unallocated shared services, such as accounting, legal, human resources and corporate related items, as well as depreciation and amortization expense, interest income and expense, other income and expense, and income taxes.  We do not allocate any of these costs to our segments, and our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance of operating segments excluding these items. 
  Learning A-Z Segment 
  Learning A-Z is a PreK-6 education technology provider of digitally delivered resources and tools that support instruction and student growth in reading, writing, and science.  Founded in 2002, Learning A-Z believes that an enlightened approach to literacy   which starts with reading and writing, but also includes the development of key 21st century skills like communication, creativity, collaboration, and critical-thinking   is the foundation to all learning. With a robust library of incredibly effective and flexible curriculum resources, Learning A-Z provides the tools teachers need to deliver personalized instruction for a wide range of student needs, including English language learners, intervention, special education, and daily instruction. Learning A-Z s resources are currently used in more than half the districts across the United States and Canada and in over 175 countries worldwide.  Learning A-Z is committed to: 
             
    Delivering unmatched value, whereby high-quality resources are affordable for every individual classroom  
                
    Making personalized learning easier, giving teachers what they need to deliver the just-right instructional resources to every student 
                
    Empowering teachers as the foundation of student achievement, ensuring that teachers are given the support they need to be effective and efficient 
     Learning A-Z operates seven subscription-based websites:   Reading A-Z , Raz-Kids       , Headsprout       , Science A-Z       , Writing A-Z , Vocabulary A-Z   , and   ReadyTest A-Z   .  These websites can be purchased stand-alone or in collections, for a comprehensive solution that provides online supplemental books, lessons, assessments and other instructional resources for individual classrooms, schools, and districts. 
  
   20 

Voyager Sopris Learning Segment 
  The Voyager Sopris Learning segment includes our Voyager Sopris Learning and Kurzweil Education brands. 
  Voyager Sopris Learning Brand 
  The Voyager Sopris Learning brand is committed to partnering with school districts to meet and surpass their goals for student achievement.  The Voyager Sopris Learning suite of instructional and service solutions is not only research based, but also evidence based   proven to increase student achievement and educator effectiveness.  Voyager Sopris Learning s solutions have been fully tested in the classroom, ensuring that they are easy to implement and teacher friendly.  They are innovative, both in overall instructional approach and in the strategic use of technology in blended and 100% online solutions and are supported by an unparalleled commitment to build local capacity for sustained success.  With a comprehensive suite of instructional resources, the Voyager Sopris Learning brand provides assessments, professional development and school improvement services, literacy and math instructional tools   both comprehensive intervention and supplemental   and resources to build a positive school climate. 
  Kurzweil Education Brand 
  The Kurzweil Education brand delivers educational technology that solves real problems.  The Kurzweil Education literacy and learning solutions offer learners a way up and a path forward.  Students  varying needs, their challenges, and their potential to achieve drive Kurzweil Education, which continues to develop literacy-boosting solutions that directly enhance opportunities to learn and achieve. Using the principles of Universal Design for Learning, Kurzweil s solutions deliver content and tools that enable all learners to read, understand, and demonstrate their learning using technology-based tools. 
  ExploreLearning Segment 
  ExploreLearning develops online solutions to improve student learning in math and science.  ExploreLearning has two products:   Gizmos       , which we believe is the world s best library of interactive, online simulations for math and science in grades 3-12; and   Reflex       , a powerful solution for math fact fluency development for grades 2-8. 
  Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement 
  In September 2016, we entered into a Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement (the  Rights Agreement ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent.  The Rights Agreement is designed to preserve our substantial net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) and other significant tax benefits which may be available to reduce potential future tax liabilities.  The Rights Agreement is not intended to be an antitakeover measure or to deter offers that are fair and otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
  Results of Operations 
  Bookings 
  Bookings is an internal, operational metric that measures the total dollar value of customer orders in a period, regardless of the timing of the related revenue recognition.  We consider Bookings a leading indicator of revenues.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , consolidated Bookings increased   3.8%   to   $127.1 million  , compared to   $122.4 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Bookings by segment for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the percentage change from the same period of   2015   were as follows: 
             
    Learning A-Z:   $54.8 million  , increased   19.6%   in the first nine months of the year compared to prior year, due to continued strong performance of all product lines, especially student-centric products, leading to third quarter growth of   23.5%  . 
                
    Voyager Sopris Learning:   $53.3 million  , decreased   12.3%   in the first nine months of the year, with a third quarter decrease of   6.8%  .  Bookings for the segment s print and transactional solutions declined 16%, in line with expectations.  Bookings for the segment s technology-enabled solutions declined 3%, falling short of Company expectations for growth this year.    LANGUAGE!Live  , the segment s flagship solution for technology-enabled adolescent intervention, had solid growth of 9%.  However, overall segment Bookings were adversely impacted by sluggish performance by many of the segment s older technology offerings and the use of pilot programs for the recently launched   Velocity        product, which helps expand the pool of customer prospects for the long-term but does not immediately generate material top-line growth. 
                
    ExploreLearning:   $19.0 million  , increased   20.3%   in the first nine months of the year, with a third quarter increase of   10.6%  .  This segment has seen strong momentum both in   Reflex   and in the   Gizmos   simulations which were upgraded to HTML5 in early 2016.  
     
   21 

We continue to execute our strategy to shift resources to subscription and technology-enabled products.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , technology-enabled products represented approximately   71%   of Bookings versus   65%   for the same period of   2015  .  For purposes of this metric, technology-enabled products are defined as those products that are sold primarily as a technology-based solution or that could be used solely via a digital platform.  For the Voyager Sopris Learning segment, several products classified as technology-enabled include supplemental print materials.  
  Restructuring 
  During the third quarter of 2016, management made some tactical decisions at the Voyager Sopris Learning segment to right-size costs and accelerate Voyager Sopris Learning's transformation from slower-growing legacy products toward newer and technology-enabled solutions. As a result, net income for the third quarter of 2016 includes restructuring costs of $0.9 million, representing severance charges.   These restructuring costs are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income.  The Voyager Sopris Learning restructuring costs were recorded as follows: cost of revenues of   $0.4 million  , research and development expense of   $0.3 million  , sales and marketing expense of   $0.2 million  , and general and administrative expense of   $45 thousand  . 
    
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

Net revenues 
  Net revenues increased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   by   4.4%   to   $42.1 million  , compared to   $40.3 million   during the same period of 2015.  Increased net revenues in Learning A-Z and ExploreLearning offset lower net revenues in Voyager Sopris Learning.  Net revenues by segment were as follows: 
             
    Learning A-Z s net revenues were   $16.5 million  , increasing   $2.8 million  , or   20.3%  , in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The year-over-year growth in net revenues is the result of Learning A-Z s ongoing strong Bookings trend.  
     
   22 

Voyager Sopris Learning s net revenues were   $19.5 million  , decreasing   $2.4 million  , or   10.8%  , during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The year-over-year decline in revenues is the result of Voyager Sopris Learning s Bookings decline. 
                
    ExploreLearning s net revenues were   $6.1 million  , increasing   $1.3 million  , or   28.1%  , during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The increase in net revenues is a higher percentage than the increase in Bookings due to the recognition of prior period Bookings, which are recognized pro-rata over the applicable subscription periods. 
     Cost of revenues 
  Cost of revenues primarily include print and royalty costs, and expenses to purchase, handle and warehouse product, and to provide services and support to customers.  Cost of revenues, excluding amortization, decreased   $0.2 million  , or   2.7%  , to   $8.9 million   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to   $9.1 million   in the same period of 2015.  Cost of revenues by segment were as follows: 
             
    Learning A-Z s cost of revenues increased slightly by   $0.2 million  , to   $0.6 million   commensurate with higher net revenues, in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.4 million   in the same period of 2015. 
                
    Voyager Sopris Learning s cost of revenues decreased   $0.4 million  , or   5.4%  , to   $7.4 million   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.8 million   in the same period of 2015.  The decrease in cost of revenues was due to the year-over-year decline in revenue, partially offset by $0.4 million of restructuring costs. 
      Amortization expense 
  Amortization expense in cost of revenues includes amortization for acquired pre-publication costs and technology, acquired publishing rights, and developed pre-publication and technology product development.  Amortization was   $4.8 million   in the third quarter of 2016, an increase of   $0.3 million   compared to the same period of 2015. The change was due to an increase in amortization of developed pre-publication and technology product development. 
  Research and development expense 
  Research and development expense includes costs to research, evaluate and develop educational products, net of capitalization.  Research and development expense for the third quarter of 2016 increased   $0.4 million   to   $3.3 million   compared to   $2.9 million   for the third quarter of 2015.  The increase is due to planned investments to support growth initiatives, primarily at Learning A-Z.  Year-over-year savings at Voyager Sopris Learning were offset by the restructuring costs. 
  Sales and marketing expense 
  Sales and marketing expense includes all costs to maintain our various sales channels, including the salaries and commissions paid to our sales force, and costs related to our advertising and marketing efforts.  Sales and marketing expense for the third quarter of 2016 increased   $0.4 million   to   $12.2 million   compared to   $11.7 million   for the third quarter of 2015.  The increase is due to planned investments to support growth initiatives at Learning A-Z and ExploreLearning, partially offset by decreases in Voyager Sopris Learning.  Year-over-year savings at Voyager Sopris Learning were partially offset by the restructuring costs. 
  General and administrative expense 
  General and administrative expenses increased by   $0.8 million   in the third quarter of 2016 to   $5.9 million   compared to   $5.1 million   for the third quarter of 2015.  The quarterly variance primarily reflects timing of expenses; year-to-date, general and administrative costs as a percentage of net revenues are down slightly compared to 2015. 
  Shipping and handling costs 
  Shipping and handling costs for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   decreased slightly, by   $0.1 million  , to   $0.4 million   compared to   $0.5 million   the third quarter of 2015.  Shipping and handling costs were   0.9%   of net revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , down slightly from the   1.1%   of net revenues for the same period of 2015 due to the higher mix of technology solutions. 
  
   23 

Net interest expense 
  Net interest expense decreased by   $1.7 million  , or   47.5%  , to   $1.9 million   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of the debt refinancing completed in December 2015. 
  Other income, net 
  The Company had no Other income, net during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.2 million   for the same period in 2015.  The decrease was due to the Company terminating a sublease agreement in October 2015. 
  Income tax expense 
  We recorded an income tax expense of   $0.2 million   for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015.  We continue to maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which eliminates any non-current tax benefit generated. 
    
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    

Net revenues 
  Net revenues increased during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   by   5.1%   to   $114.9 million  , compared to   $109.3 million   during the same period of 2015.  Increased net revenues in Learning A-Z and ExploreLearning offset lower net revenues in Voyager Sopris Learning.  Net revenues by segment were as follows: 
             
    Learning A-Z s net revenues were   $48.1 million  , increasing   $8.2 million  , or   20.5%  , in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The year-over-year growth in net revenues is the result of Learning A-Z s ongoing strong Bookings trend.  
                
    Voyager Sopris Learning s net revenues were   $49.3 million  , decreasing   $5.6 million  , or   10.2%  , during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The year-over-year decline in revenues is the result of Voyager Sopris Learning s Bookings decline.  The decrease in revenue is slightly less than the decrease in Bookings due to the recognition of prior period Bookings. 
     
   24 

ExploreLearning s net revenues were   $17.5 million  , increasing   $3.0 million  , or   20.6%  , during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of 2015.  The increase in net revenues is the result of ExploreLearning's ongoing strong Bookings trend. 
     Cost of revenues 
  Cost of revenues primarily include print and royalty costs, and expenses to purchase, handle and warehouse product, and to provide services and support to customers.  Cost of revenues, excluding amortization, decreased   $0.7 million  , or   2.8%  , to   $23.6 million   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $24.3 million   in the same period of 2015.  Cost of revenues by segment were as follows: 
             
    Learning A-Z s cost of revenues increased by   $0.5 million  , to   $1.8 million   commensurate with higher net revenues, in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.3 million   in the same period of 2015. 
                
    Voyager Sopris Learning s cost of revenues decreased by   $1.6 million  , or   7.9%  , to   $19.1 million   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $20.8 million   in the same period of 2015.  The decrease in cost of revenues was due to the year-over-year decline in revenue, partially offset by $0.4 million of restructuring costs. 
                
    ExploreLearning s cost of revenues increased by   $0.5 million  , to   $2.7 million   commensurate with higher net revenues, in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $2.2 million   in the same period of 2015. 
     Amortization expense 
  Amortization expense in cost of revenues includes amortization for acquired pre-publication costs and technology, acquired publishing rights, and developed pre-publication and technology product development.  Amortization decreased   $0.2 million   to   $12.9 million   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $12.7 million   in the same period of 2015.  The change was due to a decrease in amortization of acquired publishing rights and curriculum of $1.3 million which was partially offset by increased amortization of developed pre-publication and technology product development of $1.1 million. 
  Research and development expense 
  Research and development expense includes costs to research, evaluate and develop educational products, net of capitalization.  Research and development expense for the first nine months of 2016 increased   $1.6 million   to   $9.4 million   compared to   $7.8 million   for the first nine months of 2015.  The increase is due to planned investments to support growth initiatives, especially at Learning A-Z.  Year-over-year savings at Voyager Sopris Learning were offset by the restructuring costs. 
  Sales and marketing expense 
  Sales and marketing expense includes all costs to maintain our various sales channels, including the salaries and commissions paid to our sales force, and costs related to our advertising and marketing efforts.  Sales and marketing expense for the first nine months of 2016 increased   $3.5 million   to   $36.3 million   compared to   $32.8 million   for the first nine months of 2015.  The increase is due to planned investments to support growth initiatives at Learning A-Z and ExploreLearning.  Year-over-year savings at Voyager Sopris Learning were partially offset by the restructuring costs. 
  General and administrative expense 
  General and administrative expenses increased by   $0.4 million  , or   2.8%  , in the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $15.5 million   for the first nine months of 2015.  General and administrative expenses represented 13.9% of net revenues in 2016 compared to 14.2% of net revenues in 2015, down slightly with the additional scale created by the top line growth.  
  Shipping and handling costs 
  Shipping and handling costs for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased slightly, to   $0.8 million   compared to   $0.9 million   for first nine months of 2015.  Shipping and handling costs were   0.7%   of net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, down slightly from the   0.8%   of net revenues for the same period of 2015 due to the higher mix of technology solutions. 
  Net interest expense 
  Net interest expense decreased by   $5.3 million  , or   48.5%  , to   $5.6 million   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as a result of the debt refinancing completed in December 2015. 
  
   25 

Other income, net 
  The Company had no Other income, net during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.7 million   for the same period in 2015.  The decrease was due to the Company terminating a sublease agreement in October 2015. 
  Income tax expense 
  We recorded an income tax expense of   $0.2 million   for the first nine months of 2016 and income tax expense of   $0.5 million   during the first nine months of 2015.  We continue to maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which eliminates any non-current tax benefit generated. 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash balances, cash flow from operations and the Revolving Credit Facility that we entered into in December 2015, as described below.  Sales seasonality attributable to the buying cycle of school districts, which generally starts at the beginning of each new school year in the fall, affects our operating cash flow.  As a result of this inherent seasonality, we normally incur a net cash deficit from all of our activities in the first and second quarters of the year and we normally generate cash in the third and fourth quarters of the year.  We expect borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility to vary according to this seasonality, and accounts receivable balances are normally at their highest at the end of the third quarter.  At   September 30, 2016  , our cash balances were   $11.7 million  , our net accounts receivable were   $29.5 million  , we had no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and we had   $30.0 million   of availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
  We believe that based on current and anticipated levels of operating performance and cash flow from operations, combined with our existing cash balances and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility, we will be able to make required principal and interest payments on our debt and fund our working capital, operational and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months. 
  Senior Secured Credit Facility 
  On December 10, 2015, we entered into a $135.0 million Senior Secured Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) which provided for a term loan A which had an initial principal amount of $70.0 million ( Term Loan A ), a term loan B which had an initial principal amount of $35.0 million ( Term Loan B ), and a $30.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) (together, the  Senior Secured Credit Facility ), secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets.  The Senior Secured Credit Facility matures on December 10, 2020. 
  Borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest equal to either a Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, or LIBOR (subject to a 1.0% floor), at our option, plus an applicable margin.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility ranges between 2.75% and 3.50% for Base Rate loans and 3.75% and 4.50% for LIBOR loans.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility is based on a leverage calculation.  The applicable margin for the Term Loan B is 4.25% for Base Rate loans and 5.25% for LIBOR loans.  From the inception of the Senior Secured Credit Facility to the end of the third quarter 2016, an interest rate of 5.5% applied to the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility and an interest rate of 6.25% applied to the Term Loan B.  Additionally, unused borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee of 0.5%.  Interest is payable quarterly in arrears, or earlier for loans with shorter interest periods. 
  The Credit Agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants customary for financings of this type, including, among other things, limits on the creation of liens, limits on the incurrence indebtedness, restrictions on investments and dispositions, and limitations on fundamental changes.  A maximum consolidated net leverage ratio and minimum fixed charge coverage ratio are effective beginning in the first quarter of 2016.  Upon an event of default, and after any applicable cure period, the Administrative Agent could elect to accelerate the maturity of the loan. Events of default include customary items, such as failure to pay principal and interest in a timely manner and breach of covenants.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
  Summary of Cash flows 
  Cash provided by (used in) our operating, investing and financing activities is summarized below: 

26 

Operating activities  .  Cash provided by operating activities was   $21.8 million   and   $15.2 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, with the majority of the improvement due to lower cash interest payments.  In the first nine months of 2016, cash interest payments were $4.9 million, and during the first nine months of 2015, at which time we had made both semi-annual interest payments under our previously outstanding 9.75% senior secured notes due 2017, cash interest payments were $13.7 million. 
  Investing activities  .  Cash used in investing activities was   $16.2 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $15.5 million   during the same period of 2015.  Capital expenditures were $1.1 million higher in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015.  Cash outflows in 2015 include the final Headsprout acquisition payment of $0.4 million. 
  Financing activities  .  Cash used in financing activities was   $2.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to cash used in financing activities of   $0.6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Cash outflows for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   included scheduled principal payments on the     Senior Secured Credit Facility of   $2.9 million  . 
  Non-GAAP Measures 
  The Company uses the following non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate the operating performance of the Company and as a basis to set and measure progress towards performance targets, which directly affect compensation for employees and executives:  EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Cash Income. 
             
    EBITDA   is earnings from operations before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA   is EBITDA excluding non-operational and non-cash items.  Examples of items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA include stock-based compensation, merger, acquisition and disposition activities, and certain impairment charges.  
                
    Cash Income   reduces Adjusted EBITDA for capital expenditures and removes the timing differences for recognition of deferred revenues and related deferred costs. 
     EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Cash Income are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from similarly named, non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.  Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.  We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors because they reflect the underlying performance of the ongoing operations of the Company and provide investors with a view of the Company s operations from management s perspective.  Net income reported on a GAAP basis includes material non-operational and non-cash items while Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income remove significant restructuring, non-operational or certain non-cash items from earnings.  We generally use these non-GAAP measures as measures of operating performance and not as measures of liquidity.  Our presentation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Cash Income should not be construed as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by unusual, non-operational or non-cash items.  
  Reconciliations of Operational and Non-GAAP Measures 
  Below are reconciliations of Bookings to Net Revenues and of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  Reconciliation of Bookings to Net Revenues 

27 

Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income 

Reconciliation of Bookings to Net Revenues by Segment   2016 

28 

Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income by Segment - 2016 

29 

Reconciliation of Bookings to Net Revenues by Segment   2015    

30 

Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Income by Segment - 2015 

31 

Footnotes 
           (a) 
    Other comprises timing differences between the invoicing of a transaction, which generates Bookings, and its recognition as either net revenues or deferred revenues.  The most common reasons for these timing differences include product that is shipped from our warehouse and invoiced but not recognized as revenues until physical delivery due to shipping terms, adjustments to the allowance for estimated sales returns, and revenue under contract that is earned and recognized in one period but invoiced in a subsequent period.  
              (b) 
    Restructuring costs are related to severance charges in the Company's Voyager Sopris Learning segment in the third quarter of 2016, as part of a cost-saving effort. 
              (c) 
    Costs are related to merger and acquisition activities including due diligence and other non-operational charges such as pension and severance costs for former employees. 
              (d) 
    Stock-based compensation and expense is related to our outstanding options and restricted stock awards. 
     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016   that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  This item is not required for a smaller reporting company. 
  
   32 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  In the ordinary course of business, we make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP.  Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.  We included in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   a discussion of our critical accounting policies that are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require the use of our management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
  We have made no material changes to any of the critical accounting policies discussed in our   2015   Form 10-K through   September 30, 2016  . 
  Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards 
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-02,   Leases   (ASU 2016-02).  The guidance in ASU 2016-02 requires entities to record the assets and liabilities created by leases greater than one year.  This ASU is effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   (ASU 2016-09).  The guidance simplifies certain aspects of accounting for stock-based accounting.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   (ASU 2015-11).  ASU 2015-11 requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope of the update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. This ASU is effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use Software:  Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement   (ASU 2015-05). ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to assist an entity in evaluating the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement.  Specifically, this ASU provides guidance to customers related to whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the ASU requires a customer to account for the software license element of the arrangement in a manner consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.  Where an arrangement does not include a software license, the ASU requires a customer to account for the arrangement as a service contract.  The amendments in this ASU apply only to internal-use software that a customer obtains access to in a hosting arrangement when specific criteria are met.  ASU 2015-05 is effective for interim and annual financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted.  We adopted ASU 2015-05 in the first quarter of 2016 with no material impact to our financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP.  The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services.  The new revenue guidance defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP.  ASU 2014-09 allows for either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures).  The original effective date was for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  On July 9, 2015, the FASB elected to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year, for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted, but only as early as the original effective date of ASU 2014-09.  We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  This item is not required for a smaller reporting company. 

33 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Management of the Company, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report.  The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and that such information is communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and its Board of Directors to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  The Company is involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business.  Management believes that the outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company s consolidated operations or financial condition and the Company has recognized appropriate liabilities as necessary based on facts and circumstances known to management. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as such factors could materially affect the Company s business, financial condition, or future results.  In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks the Company faces.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company, or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial, also may have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
  
   34 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
  The following exhibits are filed as part of this report. 
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

3.1* 
      
    Certificate of the Voting Powers, Designations, Preferences and Relative Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights and Qualifications, Limitations or Restrictions of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Cambium Learning Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-34575)).  

4.1* 
      
    Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2016, between Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Certificate of the Voting Powers, Designations, Preferences and Relative Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights and Qualifications, Limitations or Restrictions of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights as   Exhibit C   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cambium Learning Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-34575)). 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.ins 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.def 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.sch 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.cal 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.lab 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.pre 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

* Indicates exhibits previously filed and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   35 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized officer of the registrant. 

CAMBIUM LEARNING GROUP, INC. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
    /s/ Barbara Benson 

Barbara Benson, 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

36 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

3.1* 
      
    Certificate of the Voting Powers, Designations, Preferences and Relative Participating, Optional and Other 
  Special Rights and Qualifications, Limitations or Restrictions of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred 
  Stock of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Cambium Learning Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-34575)). 

4.1* 
      
    Tax Asset Protection Rights Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2016, between Cambium Learning Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Certificate of the Voting Powers, Designations, Preferences and Relative Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights and Qualifications, Limitations or Restrictions of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights as   Exhibit C   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cambium Learning Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 21, 2016 (File No. 001-34575)). 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.ins 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.def 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.sch 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.cal 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.lab 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.pre 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

* Indicates exhibits previously filed and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
  I, John Campbell, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cambium Learning Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                       Date: 
    November 9, 2016 

/s/ John Campbell 
      John Campbell, 
      Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
  I, Barbara Benson, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cambium Learning Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date:  
    November 9, 2016 
        
      /s/ Barbara Benson 
      Barbara Benson, 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on his knowledge: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
    
                 /s/ John Campbell 
      John Campbell, 
      Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cambium Learning Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on her knowledge: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
    
                 /s/ Barbara Benson 
      Barbara Benson, 
      Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 abcd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 abcd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 abcd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 abcd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 abcd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 abcd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

