<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1418302_0001575872-16-000455_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1044707</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>38827</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>81381</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>204098</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>410319</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>284151</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-16-000455.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114170437
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-16-000455
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001418302
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				743219044
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53900
		FILM NUMBER:		161995826

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10935 57TH AVE NO.
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55442
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-541-1155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10935 57TH AVE NO.
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55442

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-16-000455.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

Form 10-Q  

(Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number:  0-53900  

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

10935 57 th  Avenue North,
Plymouth, MN 55442  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(952) 541-1155  

 (Issuer's telephone number) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  x  NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer     
      Accelerated filer      
 
      Non-accelerated filer     
      Smaller reporting company x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): YES  x  NO    

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date:  November 1, 2016: 700,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001  

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September
30, 2016 

Table of Contents 

Page   
 
        Part I - Financial Information    

Item 1 - Financial Statements   
      3   

Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations   
      11   

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      13   

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures   
      13   

Part II - Other Information    

Item 6 - Exhibits   
      14   

Signatures    
      14   

Part I - Financial Information  

    Item 1 - Financial Statements  

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Balance Sheets  

 September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Statements of Operations  

 Nine and Three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

 Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note A - Background and Description of Business  

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp. (Company) was incorporated
on June 21, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

The Company was formed as a blank check company to effect a
merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with an operating business in either the
renewable energy or the environmental industry and their related infrastructures. To date, the Company s efforts have been
limited to organizational activities. 

Note B - Preparation of Financial Statements  

The Company follows the accrual basis of accounting in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and has elected a year-end of December 31. 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Management further acknowledges that it is solely responsible
for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control and preventing and
detecting fraud. The Company s system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other items, that 1) recorded
transactions are valid; 2) valid transactions are recorded; and 3) transactions are recorded in the proper period in a timely manner
to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
for the respective periods being presented 

For segment reporting purposes, the Company operated in only
one industry segment during the periods represented in the accompanying financial statements and makes all operating decisions
and allocates resources based on the best benefit to the Company as a whole. 

During interim periods, the Company follows the accounting policies
set forth in its annual audited financial statements filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission on its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The information presented within these interim financial statements may not
include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the users of financial
information provided for interim periods should refer to the annual financial information and footnotes when reviewing the interim
financial results presented herein. 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying interim financial
statements, prepared in accordance with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission s instructions for Form 10-Q, are unaudited
and contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the respective interim periods presented. The current period
results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results which ultimately will be reported for the full fiscal year ending
December 31, 2016. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note C - Going Concern Uncertainty  

The Company was formed to effect a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition or other similar business combination with an operating business in either the renewable energy or the environmental
industry and their related infrastructures. To date, the Company s efforts have been limited to organizational activities.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successful in the implementation of this business plan. 

The Company has no operating history, limited cash on hand,
no operating assets and has a business plan with inherent risk. Because of these factors, the Company s auditors have issued
an audit opinion on the Company s financial statements which includes a statement describing our going concern status. This
means, in the auditor s opinion, substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists at the date of
their opinion. 

The Company s current management anticipates that the
initial capitalization will be sufficient to maintain the corporate status of the Company for the immediate future. Because of
the Company's lack of operating assets, the Company s continuance may become fully dependent upon either future sales of
securities and/or advances or loans from significant stockholders or corporate officers to provide sufficient working capital to
preserve the integrity of the corporate entity during the development phase. 

The Company's continued existence is dependent upon its ability
to implement its business plan, generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support its daily operations, and provide sufficient
resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely basis. The Company faces considerable risk in its business
plan and a potential shortfall of funding due to our uncertainty to raise adequate capital in the equity securities market. 

The Company is dependent upon existing cash balances to support
its day-to-day operations. In the event that working capital sufficient to maintain the corporate entity and implement our business
plan is not available, the Company s existing controlling stockholders intend to maintain the corporate status of the Company
and provide all necessary working capital support on the Company's behalf. However, no formal commitments or arrangements to advance
or loan funds to the Company or repay any such advances or loans exist. There is no legal obligation for either management or existing
controlling stockholders to provide additional future funding. Further, the Company is at the mercy of future economic trends and
business operations for the Company s existing controlling stockholders to have the resources available to support the Company. 

The Company anticipates offering future sales of equity securities.
However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional funding through the sales of additional equity
securities or, that such funding, if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to or affordable by the Company. 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation authorizes the
issuance of up to 5,000,000 million shares of preferred stock and 5,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company s ability
to issue preferred stock may limit the Company s ability to obtain debt or equity financing as well as impede the implementation
of the Company s business plan. The Company s ability to issue these authorized but unissued securities may also negatively
impact our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of our debt or equity securities. 

In such a restricted cash flow scenario, the Company would be
unable to complete its business plan steps, and would, instead, delay all cash intensive activities. Without necessary cash flow,
the Company may become dormant during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds could be raised in the equity
securities market. 

While the Company is of the opinion that good faith estimates
of the Company s ability to secure additional capital in the future to reach its goals have been made, there is no guarantee
that the Company will receive sufficient funding to sustain operations or implement any future business plan steps. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

Note D - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

1.     Cash and cash equivalents   

The Company considers all cash on hand and in banks,
certificates of deposit and other highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash
and cash equivalents. 

2.     Organization costs   

The Company has adopted the provisions of provisions
required by the Start-Up Activities topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification whereby all costs incurred with the incorporation
and reorganization, post-bankruptcy, of the Company were charged to operations as incurred. 

3.     Income taxes   

The Company files income tax returns in the United
States of America and various states, as appropriate and applicable. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and
local, as applicable, income tax examinations by regulatory taxing authorities for any period prior to January 1, 2014. However,
the Company does not anticipate any examinations of returns filed subsequent to December 31, 2013. 

The Company uses the asset and liability method of
accounting for income taxes. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the deferred tax asset and deferred tax
liability accounts, as recorded when material to the financial statements, are entirely the result of temporary differences. Temporary
differences generally represent differences in the recognition of assets and liabilities for tax and financial reporting purposes,
primarily accumulated depreciation and amortization, allowance for doubtful accounts and vacation accruals. 

The Company has adopted the provisions required by
the Income Taxes topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Codification Topic requires the recognition of potential
liabilities as a result of management s acceptance of potentially uncertain positions for income tax treatment on a  more-likely-than-not 
probability of an assessment upon examination by a respective taxing authority. As a result of the requirements of the Codification s
Income Tax Topic, the Company has not incurred any liability for potentially uncertain positions for income tax treatment of economic
events in the accompanying financial statements. 

4.     Income (loss) per share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing
the net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the respective
period presented in our accompanying financial statements. 

Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed
similar to basic income (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of common stock equivalents
(primarily outstanding options and warrants). 

Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect
of the assumed exercise of the outstanding stock options and warrants, using the treasury stock method, at either the beginning
of the respective period presented or the date of issuance, whichever is later, and only if the common stock equivalents are considered
dilutive based upon the Company s net income (loss) position at the calculation date. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the
Company does not have any outstanding items which could be deemed to be dilutive. 

5.     New and Pending Accounting
Pronouncements   

The Company is of the opinion that any and all pending
accounting pronouncements, either in the adoption phase or not yet required to be adopted, will not have a significant impact on
the Company's financial position or results of operations. 

6.     Subsequent Events   

Management has evaluated all activity of the Company
through the issue date of the financial statements disclosure purposes. 

Note E - Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The carrying amount of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and notes payable, as applicable, approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these items and/or the current interest
rates payable in relation to current market conditions. 

Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company s earnings
are subject to fluctuations in interest rates on either investments or on debt and is fully dependent upon the volatility of these
rates. The Company does not use derivative instruments to moderate its exposure to interest rate risk, if any. 

Financial risk is the risk that the Company s earnings
are subject to fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and are fully dependent upon the volatility of these rates.
The Company does not use derivative instruments to moderate its exposure to financial risk, if any. 

Note F   Due to Related Party  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a stockholder
paid $2,500 on behalf of the Company. The amount was repaid in October 2016. 

Note G - Notes Payable to Stockholders  

During 2015, two separate stockholders loaned an additional
aggregate $11,000 in cash to the Company to support operations. These notes are due upon demand and bear interest at 6.0% per annum.
On September 23, 2016, the Company issued to one of the stockholders 537,625 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
$0.0001, in conversion and cancellation of $5,376 of note payment obligations owed by the Company to the stockholder. 

During 2016, one stockholder loaned an additional aggregate
$24,350 in cash to the Company to support operations. These advances are due upon demand and bear interest at 6.0% per annum. 

The Company has accrued interest payable to these stockholders
aggregating approximately $2,332 and $1,269 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the outstanding
aggregate balances payable to stockholders were as follows: 

The Company has recognized an aggregate of approximately $1,194
and $906, respectively, in interest expense for each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as additional
paid-in capital for the economic event (calculated at an imputed interest rate of 6.0% per annum) related to the non-interest bearing
feature on the aforementioned notes payable to stockholders. 

Note H - Contingency  

During 2015, the Company accepted an aggregate $7,500 in  stand
still  payments from an unrelated third party in anticipation of conducting the appropriate due diligence and to negotiate
in good faith an agreement related to a potential acquisition. In addition, the Company agreed to not enter into discussions or
negotiations with any other acquisition target for a period of at least 30 days. 

During the first quarter of 2016, the Company received an additional
$600 in  stand still  payments related to the aforementioned transaction. 

As of the release date of this report, the Company has no definitive
agreement or other arrangement related to any potential acquisition or business combination transaction. 

Note I   Common Stock  

On September 21, 2016 the Company decreased the number of shares
and par value of the authorized common stock of the Company from 50,000,000 shares, par value $0.001 per share, to 5,000,000 authorized
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, as a result of a 1-for-10 reverse split of its common stock. All share amounts have
been restated retroactively to reflect the impacts of the reverse stock split. 

On September 23, 2016, the Company issued to a stockholder 537,625
shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001, in conversion and cancellation of $5,376 of note payment obligations
owed by the Company to the stockholder. 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

(1)      Caution Regarding Forward-Looking
Information   

Certain statements contained in this annual filing, including,
without limitation, statements containing the words  believes ,  anticipates ,  expects  and words
of similar import, constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Such factors include, among others, the following: international,
national and local general economic and market conditions: demographic changes; the ability of the Company to sustain, manage or
forecast its growth; the ability of the Company to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; existing government regulations
and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; fluctuations and difficulty
in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel; and other factors referenced in this and previous filings. 

Given these uncertainties, readers of this Form 10-Q and investors
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update any
such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect
future events or developments. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp. (the  Company )
was incorporated on June 21, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

The Company was formed to effect a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition or other similar business combination with an operating business in either the renewable energy or the environmental
industry and their related infrastructures. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities. 

(3)      Results of Operations   

The Company had no revenue for either of the nine or three-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Operating expenses of $10,974 and $14,055 for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were directly related to maintaining the corporate entity, investigating
opportunities pursuant to the Company s business plan and continued compliance with the periodic reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The Company may or may not experience increases in expenses
in future periods as the Company explores various options for the implementation of its business plan. However, at this time, the
Company has not executed or consummated any definitive agreements with any identified business combination target. Further, it
is anticipated that future expenditure levels may increase as the Company intends to fully comply with its periodic reporting requirements. 

The Company does not expect to generate any meaningful revenue
or incur operating expenses for purposes other than fulfilling the obligations of a reporting company under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 unless and until such time that the Company acquires or participates in a business with revenue producing activities. 

Miscellaneous income of $600 and $7,500 for the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is attributable to  stand still  payment from an unrelated third party
in anticipation of effectuating a potential acquisition, which was subsequently abandoned. This income is not expected to recur
in future periods. 

Loss per share for the nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were $(0.11) and $(0.08), respectively, based on the weighted-average shares issued and outstanding at the end of
each such period. 

(4)      Plan of Business   

We were organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation
warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the advantages of being a publicly held corporation. We file reports with
the Securities and Exchange Commission as a result of registering our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). After the consummation of a business combination with an operating company,
the surviving company resulting from the transaction will continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act. Although an operating company may choose to effectuate a business combination with a company that is trading on the OTC Bulletin
Board in order to become public, the terms of such a transaction to the operating company may not be as favorable as those available
from us as a non-trading reporting company. Therefore, we believe that we may be attractive to a private operating company seeking
to become public. 

We were formed as a vehicle to pursue a merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with an operating business in either the renewable energy or
the environmental industries and their related infrastructures. Nevertheless, we are not restricted from pursuing an opportunity
in any industry at the discretion of the board of directors. The renewable energy industry and its related infrastructure generally
includes the production, generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, heat, fuel and other consumable forms of energy
through the utilization of renewable fuel sources such as, but not limited to, geothermal, biofuels, synfuels, wind, ocean waves,
 clean coal,  and waste stream pyrolysis; and the infrastructure needed to maintain and operate the facilities, services
and installations used in the foregoing areas. 

Although we may consider a target business in any segment of
any industry, we currently intend to concentrate our search for an acquisition candidate on companies in the following segments: 

Wind electric generation, distribution and transmission; 

Solar power; 

Co-generation; 

Bio-mass; 

Synthetic gas production, distribution and transmission; 

Energy efficiency and energy conservation related products
and services; 

Alternative transportation technologies; 

Steam generation and distribution; 

Alternative transportation technologies; 

Energy storage technologies; 

Other alternative and renewable energy technologies; and 

The development, installation, financing, or manufacturing
of any of the above. 

We have a nominal amount of capital and will depend on our
directors to provide us with the necessary funds to implement our business plan. We intend to seek opportunities demonstrating
the potential of long-term growth as opposed to short-term earnings. 

The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken
by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. Our officers and directors will devote approximately 20 hours per month
on average to searching for a target company until an acquisition candidate is identified and the transaction closed. However,
we believe that business opportunities may also come to our attention from various sources, including, professional advisors such
as attorneys, and accountants, securities broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and others who
may present unsolicited proposals. We have no plan, understanding, agreements, or commitments with any individual for such person
to act as a finder of opportunities for us. We can give no assurances that we will be successful in finding or acquiring a desirable
business opportunity, given the limited funds that are expected to be available to us for implementation of our business plan.
Furthermore, we can give no assurances that any acquisition, if it occurs, will be on terms that are favorable to us or our current
stockholders. 

During the next 12 months, we anticipate incurring costs related
to filing of periodic reports under the Exchange Act, seeking a prospective business acquisition and, if an attractive prospect
is located, pursuing completion of an acquisition. 

(5)      Liquidity and Capital
Resources   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had
working capital deficits of $66,965 and $55,734, respectively, including notes payable to stockholders of $61,894 and $42,920 in
each respective period. 

The Company currently has limited cash on hand, no operating
assets and a business plan with inherent risk. Because of these factors, the Company s auditors have issued an audit opinion
on the Company s annual financial statements that includes a statement describing our going concern status. This means, in
the auditor s opinion, substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists at the date of their opinion. 

It is the belief of management and significant stockholders
that, should the need arise, they will provide sufficient working capital necessary to support and preserve the corporate existence
and continue to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, there is no legal obligation for either management
or significant stockholders to provide additional funding, so there is no assurance these persons will have the inclination or
the financial resources to support the Company going forward. Should management and significant stockholders fail to provide additional
financing, the Company has not identified any alternative sources. Consequently, there is substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company's need for working capital may change dramatically
as a result of any business acquisition or combination transaction. There can be no assurance that the Company will identify any
such business, product, technology or company suitable for acquisition in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that the
Company would be successful in consummating any acquisition on favorable terms or that it will be able to profitably manage the
business, product, technology or company it acquires. 

(6)      Critical Accounting Policies   

Our financial statements and related public financial information
are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). GAAP requires
the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the
assets, liabilities, revenue and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in
our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates
and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates
made during the preparation of our financial statements. 

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note D
of our financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact our financial condition and results of operations,
we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant
impact on our financial statements and require management to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may
differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any
other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position
or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Not required of a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures  

(a)     Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

Our management, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive and Financial Officer (Certifying Officer), has evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15 promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and include controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information we are required to disclose in such reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer
concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information required
to be disclosed by us in our reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC
due to an inherent weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting due to our status as a shell corporation and having
a sole supervising officer. However, our Certifying Officer believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly
present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the respective periods presented. 

(b)     Changes in Internal Controls   

There were no significant changes (including corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal controls over financial reporting that
occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II - Other Information  

Item 6 - Exhibits  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.    

Dated:  
      November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Craig S. Laughlin   

Craig S. Laughlin   

President, Chief Executive Officer,   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit No. 31.1   

Certification  

I, Craig S. Laughlin, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/Craig S. Laughlin   

Craig S. Laughlin, Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit No. 32.1   

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as Adopted  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Renewable Energy Acquisition
Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Craig S. Laughlin, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/Craig S. Laughlin   

Craig S. Laughlin, Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp., and will be retained by Renewable Energy Acquisition Corp., and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certificate is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 reac-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 reac-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 reac-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 reac-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 reac-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 reac-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

