<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1658566_0001104659-16-156199_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2679122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>194652</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>163437</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>548300</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1025885</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>657061</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-156199.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110150648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-156199
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Centennial Resource Development, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001658566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				475381253
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37697
		FILM NUMBER:		161987599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-441-5515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silver Run Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-156199.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 a16-17257_110q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   x            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
     
   OR   
     
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
   For the transition period from                     to   
     
   Commission file number 001-37697   
     
   Centennial Resource Development, Inc.   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

(720) 441-5515   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
     
   Silver Run Acquisition Corporation, 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 1450, Houston, TX 77002   
  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x   No   o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x      No   o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer       

o       

Accelerated filer       

o           

Non-accelerated filer       

x       

Smaller reporting company       

o              
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    x   No   o  
     
  As of November 10, 2016, there were 164,349,079 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, no shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 19,155,921 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding.  

Table of Contents   
     
   TABLE OF CO  NTENTS   

Page            

Part I. Financial   Information       

Item   1. Financial Statements       

Condensed Balance Sheets        
 
  1           

Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited)        
 
  2           

Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity   (unaudited)        
 
  3           

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited)        
 
  4           

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)        
 
  5           

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
 
  15           

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About   Market Risk        
 
  19           

Item 4. Controls and Procedures        
 
  19           

Part II. Other Information        
 
  20           

Item 1. Legal Proceedings        
 
  20           

Item 1A. Risk Factors        
 
  20           

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and   Use of Proceeds        
 
  20           

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities        
 
  20           

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures        
 
  20           

Item 5. Other Information        
 
  20           

Item 6. Exhibits        
 
  20              

Table of Contents   
     
   CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SILVER RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION)   
   CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS     

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.  
     
 1   

Table of Contents   
     
   CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SILVER RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION)   
   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS     
   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.  
     
 2   

Table of Contents   
     
    CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SILVER RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION)   CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY     
   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.  
     
 3   

Table of Contents   
     
    CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SILVER RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION)   CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS     
   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements.  
     
 4   

Table of Contents   
     
   CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SILVER RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION)   
     
   NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (UNAUDITED)     
     
   1.                   Description of Organization and Business Operations  
     
     Organization and General     
     
  Rockstream Corp. (the   Company  ) was incorporated in Delaware on November 4, 2015. On November 11, 2015, the Company changed its name from Rockstream Corp. to Silver Run Acquisition Corporation. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the   Initial Business Combination  ). The Company is an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act  ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the   JOBS Act  ). The Company s sponsor is Silver Run Sponsor, LLC; a Delaware limited liability company (the   Sponsor  ).  
     
  At September 30, 2016, the Company had not engaged in any significant operations. All activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (  Public Offering   as described below) and efforts directed towards locating and consummating a suitable Initial Business Combination. The Company did not generate any operating revenues prior to September 30, 2016. The Company did generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investment held in trust account. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end.  
     
  On October 11, 2016, subsequent to the end of the quarterly period to which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates, the Company completed its Initial Business Combination by acquiring approximately 89% of the outstanding membership interests in Centennial Resource Production, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  CRP  ). In connection with the completion of the Initial Business Combination, on October 11, 2016, the Company changed its name from Silver Run Acquisition Corporation to Centennial Resource Development, Inc. See Note 9. Unless otherwise specified herein, the information set forth in these notes to the Company s condensed financial statements describes the Company and its operations as of and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and does not reflect the completion of the Initial Business Combination. For further information, refer to the pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial information in the Company s Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 23, 2016.  
     
     Financing     
     
  On February 23, 2016, the registration statement for the Public Offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ). On February 29, 2016 (the   IPO Closing Date  ), the Company consummated the Public Offering of $500,000,000 in Units (as defined in Note 3), and the sale of $12,000,000 in warrants (the   Private Placement Warrants  ) to the Sponsor (the   IPO Private Placement  ). On the IPO Closing Date, the Company placed $500,000,000 of proceeds (including the Deferred Discount (as defined in Note 3)) from the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement into a trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the   Trust Account  ). The Company intends to finance the Initial Business Combination from proceeds held in the Trust Account.  
     
  At the IPO Closing Date, the Company held $12,000,000 of proceeds from the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement outside the Trust Account. Of these amounts, $10,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts in the Public Offering and $300,000 was used to repay a note payable to the Sponsor (see Note 4), with the balance reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.  
     
     Trust Account     
     
  The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations.  
     
  The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the  Charter ) provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier  
     
 5   

Table of Contents   
     
  of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class A Common Stock  ) included in the Units (the   Public Shares  ) sold in the Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Charter to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of such Public Shares if it does not complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; and (iii) the redemption of 100% of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (subject to the requirements of law). The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders.  
     
     Initial Business Combination     
     
  The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination.  
     
  The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which public stockholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination.  
     
  If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for Public Shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its Public Shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such shares of Class A Common Stock are recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   ) Accounting Standards Codification (   ASC   ) 480,   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.    
     
  Pursuant to the Company s Charter, if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest income but less taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders  rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have  
     
 6   

Table of Contents   
     
  entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months of the closing of the Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates acquires Public Shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period.  
     
  In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company s stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company s stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that the Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination and the other circumstances described above, subject to the limitations described herein.  
     
   2.                   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
     
     Basis of Presentation     
     
  The Company s unaudited condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (  U.S. GAAP  ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q.  Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been included.  The Company has evaluated subsequent events after September 30, 2016.  Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period. The accompanying unaudited condensed interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s prospectus filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016, as well as the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016.  
     
     Emerging Growth Company     
     
  Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.  
     
     Net Loss Per Common Share     
     
  Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, plus, to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods. The Company did not utilize the two class method to compute earnings per share as holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock share equally in the losses of the Company.  
     
 7   

Table of Contents   
     
     Cash and Cash Equivalents     
     
  The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.  
     
     Marketable Securities held in Trust Account     
     
  The amounts held in the Trust Account represent proceeds from the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement of $500,000,000 which were invested in a money market instrument that invests in United States Treasury Securities with original maturities of six months or less and are classified as restricted assets because such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of an Initial Business Combination.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, marketable securities held in the Trust Account had a fair value of $500,549,802. At September 30, 2016, there was $549,792 of interest income held in the Trust Account available to be released to the Company to pay taxes.  
     
     Redeemable Common Stock     
     
  As discussed in Note 1, all of the 50,000,000 Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of Class A Common Stock under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold, its Charter provides that in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.  
     
  The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares of Class A Common Stock shall be affected by charges against additional paid in capital.  
     
  Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 47,824,792 of the 50,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption value.  
     
     Concentration of Credit Risk     
     
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  
     
     Financial Instruments     
     
  The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.  
     
     Use of Estimates     
     
  The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
 8   

Table of Contents   
     
     Offering Costs     
     
  The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A    Expenses of Offering.  Offering costs of $28,315,521, consisting primarily of underwriting discounts of $27,500,000 (including $17,500,000 of which is deferred and subsequently paid on October 11, 2016), and $815,521 of professional, filing, regulatory and other costs, were charged to additional paid-in capital.  
     
     Income Taxes     
     
  The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  
     
  FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.  
     
     Related Parties     
     
  The Company follows subtopic ASC 850-10 for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.  
     
  Pursuant to Section 850-10-20, the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company ( Affiliate  means, with respect to any specified person, any other person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  
     
     Subsequent Events     
     
  The Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events, while the financial statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.  
     
     Recent Accounting Pronouncements     
     
  The Company s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  
     
 9   

Table of Contents   
     
   3.                   Public Offering  
     
  On the IPO Closing Date, the Company sold 50,000,000 units (the   Units  ) at a price of $10.00 per Unit, including 5,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $500,000,000. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one warrant (each whole warrant, a   Warrant   and, collectively, the   Warrants  ). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share. No fractional shares will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption, if and only if the last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sent the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders.  
     
  The Company paid an upfront underwriting discount of 2.0% ($10,000,000) of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering, with an additional fee (the   Deferred Discount  ) of 3.5% ($17,500,000) of the gross offering proceeds payable upon the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes an Initial Business Combination.  
     
   4.                   Related Party Transactions  
     
     Founder Shares     
     
  On November 6, 2015, the Sponsor purchased 11,500,000 shares (the   Founder Shares  ) of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class B Common Stock  ), for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. In February 2016, the Sponsor transferred 40,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors (together with the Sponsor, the   Initial Stockholders  ) at their original purchase price. On February 24, 2016, the Company effected a stock dividend of approximately 0.125 shares for each outstanding share of Class B Common Stock, resulting in the Initial Stockholders holding an aggregate of 12,937,500 Founder Shares. On April 8, 2016, following the expiration of the underwriters  remaining over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering, the Sponsor forfeited 437,500 Founder Shares, so that the remaining 12,500,000 Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders would represent 20.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires,  Founder Shares  shall be deemed to include the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at any time.  
     
  The Company s Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.  
     
     Private Placement Warrants     
     
  The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per whole warrant ($12,000,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account such that at the closing of the Public Offering  
     
 10   

Table of Contents   
     
  $500,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.  
     
  The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination.  
     
     Registration Rights     
     
  The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled to registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion of such shares to shares of Class A Common Stock) as stated in the registration rights agreement signed on the date of the prospectus for the Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain demand and  piggyback  registration rights.  
     
  However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.  
     
     Related Party Loans     
     
  On November 6, 2015, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the   2015 Note  ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2016 or the completion of the Public Offering. On November 10, 2015, the Company borrowed $150,000 under the 2015 Note. In February 2016, the Company borrowed the remaining $150,000 under the 2015 Note. On February 29, 2016, the full $300,000 balance of the 2015 Note was repaid to the Sponsor.  
     
  On August 2, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor (the   2016 Note  ). The Company borrowed $300,000 under the 2016 Note, and repaid the full $300,000 balance on October 11, 2016. See Note 9.  
     
     Administrative Support Agreement     
     
  On February 23, 2016, the Company entered into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which it agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The Company paid the affiliate of the Sponsor $30,000 and $70,000 for such services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
     
   5.                   Investment Held in Trust Account  
     
  On the IPO Closing Date, gross proceeds of $500,000,000 and $12,000,000 from the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement, respectively, less underwriting discounts of $10,000,000 and $2,000,000 designated to fund the Company s accrued formation and offering costs (including the note payable to the Sponsor), business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses on prospective acquisitions, and continuing general and administrative expenses, were placed in the Trust Account.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, marketable securities held in the Trust Account had a fair value of $500,549,802 which was invested in a money market instrument that invests in United States Treasury Securities with original maturities of six months or less.  
     
   6.                   Deferred Underwriting Commission  
     
  The Company is committed to pay the Deferred Discount of  3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or $17,500,000, to the underwriters upon the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination. The 
     
 11   

Table of Contents   
     
  underwriters are not entitled to receive any of the interest earned on Trust Account funds that would be used to pay the Deferred Discount, and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if an Initial Business Combination is not completed within 24 months after the Public Offering.  
     
   7.                   Stockholders  Equity  
     
     Common Stock     
     
  The authorized common stock of the Company includes up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock. If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s stockholders vote on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At September 30, 2016, there were 50,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, of which 47,824,792 were classified outside of permanent equity, and 12,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding.  
     
     Preferred Stock     
     
  The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.  
     
   8.                   Fair Value Measurements  
     
  The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.  

9.                   Subsequent Events  
     
     Business Combination     
     
  On October 11, 2016 (the   Closing Date  ), the Company consummated the previously announced acquisition of approximately 89% of the outstanding membership interests in CRP pursuant to (i) that certain Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2016 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, the   Contribution Agreement  ), by and among Centennial Resource Development, LLC (  CRD  ), NGP Centennial Follow-On LLC, (  NGP Follow-On  ), and Celero Energy Company, LP, (together with CRD and NGP Follow-On, the   Centennial Contributors  ), CRP and New Centennial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  New Centennial  ), (ii) that certain Assignment Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, between New Centennial and the Company and (iii) that certain Joinder Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, by the Company. We refer to the acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement as the   Transactions .   The consummation of the Transactions constituted a  Business Combination  under the Charter.  
     
   In connection with the consummation of the Transactions  (the   Closing  ) , (i) the Company contributed $1,485,999,739.31 to CRP, representing the net cash proceeds received by the Company pursuant to the Private Placements (as hereinafter defined), plus the amount of funds from the Trust Account and minus the Deferred 
     
 12   

Table of Contents   
     
   Discount, (ii) CRP paid the Centennial Contributors $1,186,744,348 in aggregate cash consideration and (iii) the Centennial Contributors retained 20,000,000 common membership interests in CRP  (the   CRP Common Units  ) , representing approximately 11% of the outstanding membership interests in CRP. 
     
     Private Placements     
     
   In connection with the Transactions, on the Closing Date and pursuant to certain subscription agreements dated as of July 21, 2016, the Company completed the issuance and sale of (i) 81,005,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to Riverstone Centennial Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership  (the   Riverstone private investor  ) , in a private placement and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to certain other investors in a private placement (together, the   Private Placements  ) for approximately $1.01 billion in aggregate proceeds, which were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration in the Transactions. 
     
     Promissory Note     
     
  On August 2, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor.  The promissory note permitted borrowings by the Company from time to time from the Sponsor in an aggregate principal amount of up to $300,000.  The Company borrowed $300,000 under the promissory note, and repaid the full $300,000 balance on the Closing Date.  
     
     Second Amended and Restated Charter     
     
  On the Closing Date, the Charter was amended and restated (as amended and restated, the   Second Amended and Restated Charter  ) to, among other things: (i) create a new class of capital stock, the Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class C Common Stock  ), that was issued to the Centennial Contributors at the Closing; (ii) increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock from 200,000,000 shares to 600,000,000 shares; and (iii) eliminate certain provisions relating to an Initial Business Combination that are no longer applicable to the Company following the Closing.  
     
     Series A Preferred Stock     
     
  In connection with the Transactions, the Company issued one share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Series A Preferred Stock  ), to CRD. CRD, as the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, is not entitled to any dividends from the Company, is entitled to preferred distributions in liquidation in the amount of $0.0001 per share of Series A Preferred Stock and has a limited voting right as described below. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable by the Company (a) at such time as CRD and its affiliates cease to own, in the aggregate, at least 5,000,000 CRP Common Units and/or shares of Class A Common Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions), (b) at any time at CRD s option or (c) upon a breach by CRD of the transfer restrictions relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, for so long as the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, CRD is entitled to nominate one director for election to the Company s board of directors in connection with any vote of its stockholders for the election of directors, and the vote of CRD is the only vote required to elect such nominee to our board.  
     
     Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CRP     
     
  At the Closing, the Company and the Centennial Contributors entered into CRP s fifth amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the   A R LLC Agreement  ). Under the A R LLC Agreement, the Company became a member and the sole manager of CRP. As the sole manager, the Company is able to control all of the day-to-day business affairs and decision making of CRP without the approval of any other member, unless otherwise stated in the A R LLC Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the A R LLC Agreement, the Company cannot, under any circumstances, be removed as the sole member of CRP except by its election.  
     
  Under the A R LLC Agreement, the Centennial Contributors generally have the right to cause CRP to redeem all or a portion of their CRP Common Units in exchange for shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock or, at CRP s option, an equivalent amount of cash. The Company may, however, at its option, effect a direct exchange of cash or Class A Common Stock for such CRP Common Units in lieu of such a redemption by CRP. Upon the future redemption or exchange of CRP Common Units held by a Centennial Contributor, a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock held by such Centennial Contributor will be cancelled.  
     
 13   

Table of Contents   
     
     Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement     
     
  In connection with the Closing, on the Closing Date, the Company entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the   Registration Rights Agreement  ) with the Sponsor, certain of the Company s former and current directors, the Riverstone private investor and the Centennial Contributors, pursuant to which such parties are entitled to certain registration rights relating to (i) shares of Class A Common Stock issued to the Sponsor and such former and current directors upon the conversion of their Founder Shares at the Closing, (ii) Private Placement Warrants owned by the Sponsor and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such warrants), (iii) shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the future redemption or exchange of CRP Common Units owned by the Centennial Contributors and their permitted transferees and (iv) shares of Class A Common Stock owned by the Riverstone private investor and its permitted transferees.  
     
     Credit Agreement Amendment     
     
  On the Closing Date, CRP entered into that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the   Second Amendment  ), which amends the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2014, among CRP, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the   Credit Agreement  ).  
     
  The Second Amendment, among other things, (i) permitted the Transactions, (ii) reflects the repayment in full of all term loans under the Credit Agreement at Closing, (iii) increases the borrowing base under the Credit Agreement from $140,000,000 to $200,000,000 to accommodate an increased borrowing base, (iv) increases the interest rate to LIBOR plus 2.25% - 3.25% and (v) requires CRP to have sufficient liquidity and satisfy a maximum leverage ratio in order to make dividends.  
     
     2016 Long Term Incentive Plan     
     
  In connection with the Transactions, the Company s board of directors adopted and its stockholders approved the Centennial Resource Development, Inc. 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan (the   LTIP  ), under which the Company may grant cash and equity-based incentive awards to eligible service providers in order to attract, retain and motivate the persons who make important contributions to the Company.  
     
 14   

Table of Contents   
     
   Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
     
   Forward-Looking Statements   
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (  SEC  ) filings.  References to  we,   us,   our  or the  Company  are to Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (f/k/a Silver Run Acquisition Corporation).  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.  
     
   Overview   
     
  We were originally formed as a blank check company for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving us and one or more businesses (an   Initial Business Combination  ). We consummated our initial public offering (the   Public Offering  ) on February 29, 2016 (the   IPO Closing Date  ).  
     
  On October 11, 2016 (the   Closing Date  ), subsequent to the end of the quarterly period to which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates, we completed our Initial Business Combination by acquiring approximately 89% of the outstanding membership interests in Centennial Resource Production, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  CRP  ). In connection with the completion of the Initial Business Combination, we changed  our name from Silver Run Acquisition Corporation to Centennial Resource Development, Inc. Unless otherwise specified herein, the information set forth in this section describes the Company and its operations as of and for the periods preceding September 30, 2016, and does not reflect the completion of the Initial Business Combination. Please see   Recent Developments,  below. 
     
   Results of Operations   
     
  Prior to the Closing Date, we neither engaged in any significant operations nor generated any operating revenue. Our only activities from inception through the Closing Date related to our formation, the Public Offering and efforts directed toward locating and consummating a suitable Initial Business Combination. Prior to our Initial Business Combination, we did not generate operating revenue but did generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans.  
     
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $524,077, which consisted primarily of general and administrative expenses of $747,055 and $30,000 of administrative fees paid to a related party. This loss was offset by interest income from the Trust Account of $252,978.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $459,555, which consisted primarily of general and administrative expenses of $939,347 and $70,000 of administrative fees paid to a related party. This loss was offset by interest income from the Trust Account of $549,792.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  Until the consummation of the Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial sale of shares (the   Founder Shares  ) of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class B Common Stock  ), to the sponsor, Silver Run Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the   Sponsor  ), and the proceeds of two loans from the Sponsor, each in the amount of $300,000. The first of these two loans was repaid upon the closing of  
     
 15   

Table of Contents   
     
  the Public Offering and the other was repaid upon the closing of the Initial Business Combination.  
     
  On February 29, 2016 (the   IPO Closing Date  ), we consummated the Public Offering of 50,000,000 units (the   Units  ), including 5,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating proceeds to us of $500,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we consummated the private sale (the   IPO Private Placement  ) of an aggregate of 8,000,000 warrants (the   Private Placement Warrants  ), each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class A Common Stock  ), at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, to the Sponsor, at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating proceeds of $12,000,000. On the IPO Closing Date, we placed $500,000,000 of proceeds (including $17,500,000 of deferred underwriting discount) from the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement into a trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the   Trust Account  ) and held $12,000,000 of such proceeds outside the Trust Account. Of the funds held outside the Trust Account, $10,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts in the Public Offering and $300,000 was used to repay loans to the Sponsor, with the balance reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.  
     
  At September 30, 2016 we had cash and cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account of $137,583 and a working capital surplus of $198,122. At September 30, 2016, funds held in the Trust Account consisted of  money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the   Investment Company Act  ) and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. 
     
  In addition, interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes.  
     
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  
     
   Contractual Obligations   
     
  At September 30, 2016, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. On February 23, 2016, we entered into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which have agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination, we ceased paying these monthly fees. The Company paid the affiliate of the Sponsor $30,000 and $70,000 for such services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
     
  The underwriters of the Public Offering were entitled to underwriting discounts and commissions of 5.5%, of which 2.0% ($10,000,000) was paid at the closing of the Public Offering and 3.5% ($17,500,000) was deferred. The deferred underwriting discount became payable to the underwriters upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination and was paid from the amounts held in the Trust Account. The underwriters were not entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts.  
     
   Critical Accounting Policies   
     
  The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies:  
     
   Net Loss Per Common Share   
     
  Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, plus, to the extent dilutive, the  
     
 16   

Table of Contents   
     
  incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods. The Company did not utilize the two class method to compute earnings per share as holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock share equally in the losses of the Company.  
     
   Redeemable Common Stock   
     
  All of the 50,000,000 Public Shares contained a redemption feature which allowed for the redemption of Class A Common Stock under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold, its amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 47,824,792 of the 50,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption value.  
     
   Offering Costs   
     
  The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A    Expenses of Offering.  Offering costs of $28,315,521, consisting primarily of underwriting discounts of $27,500,000 (including $17,500,000 of which  is deferred), and $815,521 of professional, filing, regulatory and other costs, were charged to additional paid-in capital.  
     
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
     
  The Company s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  
     
   Recent Developments   
     
     Business Combination     
     
  On the Closing Date, we consummated the previously announced acquisition of approximately 89% of the outstanding membership interests in CRP pursuant to (i) that certain Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2016 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, the   Contribution Agreement  ), by and among Centennial Resource Development, LLC (  CRD  ), NGP Centennial Follow-On LLC, (  NGP Follow-On  ), and Celero Energy Company, LP, (together with CRD and NGP Follow-On, the   Centennial Contributors  ), CRP and New Centennial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  New Centennial  ), (ii) that certain Assignment Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, between the Company and New Centennial and (iii) that certain Joinder Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016, by the Company. We refer to the acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement as the   Transactions .  The consummation of the Transactions constituted a  Business Combination  under the our Charter.  
     
   In connection with the consummation of the Transactions  (the   Closing  ) , (i) we contributed $1,485,999,739.31 to CRP, representing the net cash proceeds received by us pursuant to the Private Placements (as hereinafter defined), plus the amount of funds from the Trust Account and minus the deferred expenses payable by the Company to the underwriters in the Public Offering, (ii) CRP paid the Centennial Contributors $1,186,744,348 in aggregate cash consideration and (iii) the Centennial Contributors retained 20,000,000 common membership interests in CRP (the   CRP Common Units  ), representing approximately 11% of the outstanding membership interests in CRP. 
     
 17   

Table of Contents   
     
     Private Placements     
     
   In connection with the Transactions, on the Closing Date and pursuant to certain subscription agreements dated as of July 21, 2016, we completed the issuance and sale of (i) 81,005,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to Riverstone Centennial Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership  (the   Riverstone private investor  ) , in a private placement and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to certain other investors in a private placement (together, the   Private Placements  ) for approximately $1.01 billion in aggregate proceeds, which were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration in the Transactions. 
     
     Promissory Note     
     
  On August 2, 2016, we issued a promissory note to the Sponsor.  The promissory note permitted borrowings by us from time to time from the Sponsor in an aggregate principal amount of up to $300,000.  We borrowed $300,000 under the promissory note, and repaid the full $300,000 balance on the Closing Date.  
     
     Second Amended and Restated Charter     
     
  On the Closing Date, our Charter was amended and restated (as amended and restated, the   Second Amended and Restated Charter  ) to, among other things: (i) create a new class of capital stock, the Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Class C Common Stock  ), that was issued to the Centennial Contributors at the Closing; (ii) increase in the number of authorized shares of our Class A Common Stock from 200,000,000 shares to 600,000,000 shares; and (iii) eliminate certain provisions relating to an Initial Business Combination that are no longer applicable to the us following the Closing.  
     
     Series A Preferred Stock     
     
  In connection with the Transactions, we issued one share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Series A Preferred Stock  ), to CRD. CRD, as the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, is not entitled to any dividends from us, is entitled to preferred distributions in liquidation in the amount of $0.0001 per share of Series A Preferred Stock and has a limited voting right as described below. The Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable by us (a) at such time as CRD and its affiliates cease to own, in the aggregate, at least 5,000,000 CRP Common Units and/or shares of Class A Common Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions), (b) at any time at CRD s option or (c) upon a breach by CRD of the transfer restrictions relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, for so long as the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, CRD is entitled to nominate one director for election to our board of directors in connection with any vote of its stockholders for the election of directors, and the vote of CRD is the only vote required to elect such nominee to our board.  
     
     Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CRP     
     
  At the Closing, we and the Centennial Contributors entered into CRP s fifth amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the   A R LLC Agreement  ). Under the A R LLC Agreement, we became a member and the sole manager of CRP. As the sole manager, we are able to control all of the day-to-day business affairs and decision making of CRP without the approval of any other member, unless otherwise stated in the A R LLC Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the A R LLC Agreement, we cannot, under any circumstances, be removed as the sole member of CRP except by our election.  
     
  Under the A R LLC Agreement, the Centennial Contributors generally have the right to cause CRP to redeem all or a portion of their CRP Common Units in exchange for shares of our Class A Common Stock or, at CRP s option, an equivalent amount of cash. We may, however, at our option, effect a direct exchange of cash or Class A Common Stock for such CRP Common Units in lieu of such a redemption by CRP. Upon the future redemption or exchange of CRP Common Units held by a Centennial Contributor, a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock held by such Centennial Contributor will be cancelled.  
     
     Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement     
     
  In connection with the Closing, on the Closing Date, we entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the   Registration Rights Agreement  ) with the Sponsor, certain of our former and current  
     
 18   

Table of Contents   
     
  directors, the Riverstone private investor and the Centennial Contributors, pursuant to which such parties are entitled to certain registration rights relating to (i) shares of Class A Common Stock issued to the Sponsor and such former and current directors upon the conversion of their Founder Shares at the Closing, (ii) Private Placement Warrants owned by the Sponsor and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such warrants), (iii) shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the future redemption or exchange of CRP Common Units owned by the Centennial Contributors and their permitted transferees and (iv) shares of Class A Common Stock owned by the Riverstone private investor and its permitted transferees.  
     
     Credit Agreement Amendment     
     
  On the Closing Date, CRP entered into that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the   Second Amendment  ), which amends the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2014, among CRP, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the   Credit Agreement  ).  
     
  The Second Amendment, among other things, (i) permitted the Transactions, (ii) reflects the repayment in full of all term loans under the Credit Agreement at Closing, (iii) increases the borrowing base under the Credit Agreement from $140,000,000 to $200,000,000 to accommodate an increased borrowing base, (iv) increases the interest rate to LIBOR plus 2.25% - 3.25% and (v) requires CRP to have sufficient liquidity and satisfy a maximum leverage ratio in order to make dividends.  
     
     2016 Long Term Incentive Plan     
     
  In connection with the Transactions, our board of directors adopted and our stockholders approved the Centennial Resource Development, Inc. 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan (the   LTIP  ), under which we may grant cash and equity-based incentive awards to eligible service providers in order to attract, retain and motivate the persons who make important contributions to our company.  
     
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
     
  As of September 30, 2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk.  The net proceeds of the Public Offering and the IPO Private Placement, including amounts in the Trust Account, were invested in  money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there was no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 
     
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures     
     
  Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
     
  As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.  
     
  During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
     
 19   

Table of Contents   
     
   PART II - OTHER INFORMATION     
     
   Item 1.              Legal Proceedings    
     
  None.  
     
   Item 1A. Risk Factors     
     
  The risk factors concerning the Company following the completion of the Initial Business Combination that are included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-214355), filed with the SEC on October 31, 2016 (the   Form S-1  ), under the heading  Risk Factors  are incorporated herein by reference. The risk factors incorporated herein by reference from the Form S-1 are attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1.  
     
  As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, with the exception of the risk factors incorporated by reference from the Form S-1, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016.  
     
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     
     
  Information about unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 is set forth in the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2016 and October 14, 2016.  
     
   Item 3.              Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
     
  None.  
     
   Item 4.              Mine Safety Disclosures    
     
  Not Applicable.  
     
   Item 5.              Other Information    
     
  None.  
     
   Item 6.  Exhibits.     
     
   EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit    Number        

Description of Exhibits            

2.1       

Contribution Agreement,   dated as of July 6, 2016, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto,   dated as of July 29, 2016, among Centennial Resource Development, LLC,   NGP Centennial Follow-On LLC, Celero Energy Company, LP, Centennial Resource   Production, LLC and New Centennial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex A   of the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on   September 23, 2016).           

3.1       

Second Amended and   Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to   Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with   the SEC on October 11, 2016).           

3.2       

Amended and Restated   Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s   Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2016).           

3.3       

Fifth Amended and   Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Centennial Resource              
     
 20   

Table of Contents   

21   

Table of Contents   
     
   SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC.            

By:       
 
  /s/ George S. Glyphis           

Name:       
 
  George S. Glyphis           

Title:       
 
  Chief Financial   Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary           

Date: November 10,   2016       

22   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a16-17257_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, Mark G. Papa, certify that:  
     
  1.                                         I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (formerly know as Silver Run Acquisition Corporation); 
     
  2.                                         Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                                         The registrant s other certifying officer and I have: 
     
  (a)                                    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  (b)                                    [omitted]; 
     
  (c)                                     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  (d)                                    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                                         The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  (a)                                    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  (b)                                    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
     
  Date:  November 10, 2016  

/s/   Mark G. Papa           

Mark   G. Papa           

Chief   Executive Officer           

(Principal   Executive Officer)              

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a16-17257_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  I, George S. Glyphis, certify that:  
     
  1.                                         I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (formerly know as Silver Run Acquisition Corporation); 
     
  2.                                         Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
     
  3.                                         Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
     
  4.                                         The registrant s other certifying officer and I have: 
     
  (a)                                    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
     
  (b)                                    [omitted]; 
     
  (c)                                     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
     
  (d)                                    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     
  5.                                         The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
     
  (a)                                    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
     
  (b)                                    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
     
  Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/   George S. Glyphis           

George   S. Glyphis           

Chief   Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary           

(Principal   Financial and Accounting Officer)              

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a16-17257_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
     
   18 U.S.C. 1350   
     
   (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)   
     
  I, Mark G. Papa, Chief Executive Officer of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (formerly know as Silver Run Acquisition Corporation) (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge:  
     
  (1)           the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  
     
  (2)           the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     
  This certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  
     
  Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/   Mark G. Papa           

Mark   G. Papa           

Chief   Executive Officer           

(Principal   Executive Officer)              

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a16-17257_1ex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
     
   18 U.S.C. 1350   
     
   (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)   
     
  I, George S. Glyphis, Chief Financial Officer of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (formerly know as Silver Run Acquisition Corporation) (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge:  
     
  (1)           the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  
     
  (2)           the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     
  This certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  
     
  Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/   George S. Glyphis           

George   S. Glyphis           

Chief   Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary           

(Principal   Financial and Accounting Officer)              

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 a16-17257_1ex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1   
       
   EXPLANATORY NOTE   
     
  The following is an excerpt from the prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-214355) (the  Registration Statement ) of Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (the  Company ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2016. The Company is filing the excerpt below for the sole purpose of incorporating it by reference in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  Terms used in the excerpt below have the meanings set forth in the Registration Statement.  

RISK FACTORS   
     
   Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and our prospects could be harmed. In that event, the price of our securities could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment.   
     
   Risks Related to Our Business   
     
    Our only significant asset is ownership of an approximate 89% membership interest in CRP and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Class A Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations.    
     
  We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than the ownership of an approximate 89% membership interest in CRP. We will depend on CRP for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations or to pay any dividends with respect to our Class A Common Stock. Subject to certain restrictions, CRP generally will be required to (i) make pro rata distributions to its members, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay our taxes and (ii) reimburse us for certain corporate and other overhead expenses. However, legal and contractual restrictions in agreements governing future indebtedness of CRP, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of CRP may limit our ability to obtain cash from CRP. The earnings from, or other available assets of, CRP may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Class A Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations.  
     
    Oil, natural gas and NGL prices are volatile. A sustained decline in oil, natural gas and NGL prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments.    
     
  The prices we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs production heavily influence our revenue, profitability, access to capital, future rate of growth and carrying value of our properties. Oil, natural gas and NGLs are commodities, and their prices may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs and market uncertainty. Historically, oil, natural gas and NGL prices have been volatile. For example, during the period from January 1, 2014 through September 30, 2016, the WTI spot price for oil has declined from a high of $107.62 per Bbl on July 23, 2014 to $26.21 per Bbl on February 11, 2016, and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas has declined from a high of $7.92 per MMBtu on March 4, 2014 to a low of $1.49 per MMBtu on March 4, 2016. Likewise, NGLs, which are made up of ethane, propane, isobutene, normal butane and natural gasoline, all of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics, have suffered significant recent declines in realized prices. The prices we receive for our production, and the levels of our production, depend on numerous factors beyond our control, which include the following:  
     
                        worldwide and regional economic conditions impacting the global supply and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
     
                        the price and quantity of foreign imports of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
     
                        political and economic conditions in or affecting other producing regions or countries, including the Middle East, Africa, South America and Russia; 
     
                        actions of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, its members and other state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price and production controls; 
     
 1   

the level of global exploration, development and production; 
     
                        the level of global inventories; 
     
                        prevailing prices on local price indexes in the area in which we operate; 
     
                        the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering and transportation facilities; 
     
                        localized and global supply and demand fundamentals and transportation availability; 
     
                        the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting reserves; 
     
                        weather conditions and other natural disasters; 
     
                        technological advances affecting energy consumption; 
     
                        the price and availability of alternative fuels; 
     
                        expectations about future commodity prices; and 
     
                        U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. governmental regulation and taxes. 
     
  In the second half of 2014, oil prices began a rapid and significant decline as the global oil supply began to outpace demand. During 2015 and thus far in 2016, the global oil supply has continued to outpace demand, resulting in a sustained decline in realized prices for oil production. In general, this imbalance between supply and demand reflects the significant supply growth achieved in the United States as a result of shale drilling and oil production increases by certain other countries, including Russia and Saudi Arabia, as part of an effort to retain market share, combined with only modest demand growth in the United States and less-than-expected demand in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe and China. Although there has been a dramatic decrease in drilling activity in the industry, oil storage levels in the United States remain at historically high levels. Until supply and demand balance and the overhang in storage levels begins to decline, prices are expected to remain under pressure. In addition, the lifting of economic sanctions on Iran has resulted in increasing supplies of oil from Iran, adding further downward pressure to oil prices. NGL prices generally correlate to the price of oil. Also adversely affecting the price for NGLs is the supply of NGLs in the United States, which has continued to grow due to an increase in industry participants targeting projects that produce NGLs in recent years. Prices for domestic natural gas began to decline during the third quarter of 2014 and have continued to be weak throughout 2015 and thus far in 2016. The declines in natural gas prices are primarily due to an imbalance between supply and demand across North America. The duration and magnitude of the commodity price declines cannot be accurately predicted. Compared to 2014, our realized oil price for 2015 fell 47.3% to $42.43 per barrel, and our realized oil price for the six months ended June 30, 2016 has further decreased to $35.02 per barrel. Similarly, our realized natural gas price for 2015 dropped 43.2% to $2.60 per Mcf and our realized price for NGLs declined 52.2% to $14.66 per barrel. For the six months ended June 30, 2016, our realized price for natural gas was $1.97 per Mcf and our realized price for NGLs was $12.03 per barrel.  
     
  Lower commodity prices may reduce our cash flows and borrowing ability. If we are unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, our ability to develop future reserves could be adversely affected. Also, using lower prices in estimating proved reserves may result in a reduction in proved reserve volumes due to economic limits. In addition, sustained periods with oil and natural gas prices at levels lower than current WTI or Henry Hub strip prices and the resultant effect such prices may have on our drilling economics and our ability to raise capital may require us to re-evaluate and postpone or eliminate our development drilling, which could result in the reduction of some of our proved undeveloped reserves and related standardized measure. If we are required to curtail our drilling program, we may be unable to continue to hold leases that are scheduled to expire, which may further reduce our reserves. As a result, a substantial or extended decline in commodity prices may  
     
 2   

materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to finance planned capital expenditures.  
     
    Our development and acquisition projects require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.    
     
  The oil and natural gas industry is capital-intensive. We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures related to development and acquisition projects. We have funded, and we expect that we will continue to fund, our capital expenditures with cash generated by operations and borrowings under CRP s revolving credit facility; however, our financing needs may require us to alter or increase our capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities or the sale of assets. The issuance of additional indebtedness would require that a portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. The actual amount and timing of our future capital expenditures may differ materially from our estimates as a result of, among other things, oil, natural gas and NGL prices; actual drilling results; the availability of drilling rigs and other services and equipment; and regulatory, technological and competitive developments. A reduction in commodity prices from current levels may result in a decrease in our actual capital expenditures, which would negatively impact our ability to grow production.  
     
  Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including:  
     
                        the prices at which our production is sold; 
     
                        our proved reserves; 
     
                        the level of hydrocarbons we are able to produce from existing wells; 
     
                        our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; 
     
                        the levels of our operating expenses; and 
     
                        CRP s ability to borrow under its revolving credit facility and the ability to access the capital markets. 
     
  If our revenues or the borrowing base under CRP s revolving credit facility decrease as a result of lower oil, natural gas and NGL prices, operating difficulties, declines in reserves or for any other reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current levels. If additional capital is needed, we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If cash flow generated by our operations or available borrowings under CRP s revolving credit facility are not sufficient to meet our capital requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of our operations relating to development of our properties. This, in turn, could lead to a decline in our reserves and production, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
     
    Part of our strategy involves using some of the latest available horizontal drilling and completion techniques, which involve risks and uncertainties in their application.    
     
  Our operations involve utilizing some of the latest drilling and completion techniques as developed by us and our service providers. Risks that we face while drilling horizontal wells include the following:  
     
                        landing a wellbore in the desired drilling zone; 
     
                        staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation; 
     
 3   

running our casing the entire length of the wellbore; and 
     
                        being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal wellbore. 
     
  Risks that we face while completing wells include the following:  
     
                        the ability to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages; 
     
                        the ability to run tools the entire length of the wellbore during completion operations; and 
     
                        the ability to successfully clean out the wellbore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage. 
     
  In addition, certain of the new techniques we are adopting may cause irregularities or interruptions in production due to offset wells being shut in and the time required to drill and complete multiple wells before any such wells begin producing. Furthermore, the results of our drilling in new or emerging formations are more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed and have a longer history of established production. Newer or emerging formations and areas have limited or no production history and, consequently, we are more limited in assessing future drilling results in these areas. If our drilling results are less than anticipated, the return on our investment for a particular project may not be as attractive as anticipated, and we could incur material write-downs of unevaluated properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.  
     
    Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.    
     
  Our future financial condition and results of operations will depend on the success of our development, acquisition and production activities, which are subject to numerous risks beyond our control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil and natural gas production.  
     
  Our decisions to develop or purchase prospects or properties will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. For a discussion of the uncertainty involved in these processes, see   Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.  In addition, our cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain.  
     
  Further, many factors may curtail, delay or cancel our scheduled drilling projects, including the following:  
     
                        delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements, including limitations resulting from wastewater disposal, emission of greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) and limitations on hydraulic fracturing; 
     
                        pressure or irregularities in geological formations; 
     
                        shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified personnel or in obtaining water for hydraulic fracturing activities; 
     
                        equipment failures, accidents or other unexpected operational events; 
     
                        lack of available gathering facilities or delays in construction of gathering facilities; 
     
                        lack of available capacity on interconnecting transmission pipelines; 
     
                        adverse weather conditions; 
     
 4   

issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; 
     
                        environmental hazards, such as oil and natural gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline and tank ruptures and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment; 
     
                        declines in oil and natural gas prices; 
     
                        limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; 
     
                        title problems; and 
     
                        limitations in the market for oil and natural gas. 
     
    We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under applicable debt instruments, which may not be successful.    
     
  Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.  
     
  If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In the absence of sufficient cash flows and capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet debt service and other obligations. CRP s credit agreement currently restricts our ability to dispose of assets and our use of the proceeds from such disposition. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions, and the proceeds of any such disposition may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet scheduled debt service obligations.  
     
    Restrictions in CRP s existing and future debt agreements could limit our growth and ability to engage in certain activities.    
     
  CRP s credit agreement contains a number of significant covenants, including restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to, among other things:  
     
                        incur additional indebtedness; 
     
                        make loans to others; 
     
                        make investments; 
     
                        merge or consolidate with another entity; 
     
                        make certain payments; 
     
                        hedge future production or interest rates; 
     
 5   

incur liens; 
     
                        sell assets; and 
     
                        engage in certain other transactions without the prior consent of the lenders. 
     
  In addition, CRP s credit agreement requires us to maintain certain financial ratios or to reduce our indebtedness if we are unable to comply with such ratios. As of June 30, 2016, we were in full compliance with such financial ratios and covenants.  
     
  The restrictions in CRP s credit agreement may also limit our ability to obtain future financings to withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general, or to otherwise conduct necessary corporate activities. We may also be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations that the restrictive covenants impose on us.  
     
  A breach of any covenant in CRP s credit agreement would result in a default under the applicable agreement after any applicable grace periods. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the indebtedness outstanding under CRP s credit agreement and in a default with respect to, and an acceleration of, the indebtedness outstanding under other debt agreements. The accelerated indebtedness would become immediately due and payable. If that occurs, we may not be able to make all of the required payments or borrow sufficient funds to refinance such indebtedness. Even if new financing were available at that time, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us.  
     
    Any significant reduction in the borrowing base under CRP s revolving credit facility as a result of the periodic borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations.    
     
  CRP s revolving credit facility limits the amounts CRP can borrow up to a borrowing base amount, which the lenders, in their sole discretion, determine semiannually on April 1 and October 1. The borrowing base depends on, among other things, projected revenues from, and asset values of, the oil and natural gas properties securing the loan. The borrowing base will automatically be decreased by an amount equal to 25% of the aggregate notional amount of issued permitted senior unsecured notes unless such decrease is waived by the lenders. The lenders can unilaterally adjust the borrowing base and the borrowings permitted to be outstanding under CRP s revolving credit facility. Any increase in the borrowing base requires the consent of the lenders holding 100% of the commitments. In connection with the Business Combination, the borrowing base was increased from $140 million to $200 million to accommodate an increased borrowing base. The next scheduled borrowing base redetermination is expected in April 2017.  
     
  In the future, we may not be able to access adequate funding under CRP s revolving credit facility (or a replacement facility) as a result of a decrease in the borrowing base due to the issuance of new indebtedness, the outcome of a subsequent borrowing base redetermination or an unwillingness or inability on the part of lending counterparties to meet their funding obligations and the inability of other lenders to provide additional funding to cover the defaulting lender s portion. Declines in commodity prices could result in a determination to lower the borrowing base in the future and, in such a case, CRP could be required to repay any indebtedness in excess of the redetermined borrowing base. As a result, we may be unable to implement our respective drilling and development plan, make acquisitions or otherwise carry out business plans, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service CRP s indebtedness.  
     
    Our derivative activities could result in financial losses or could reduce our earnings.    
     
  We enter into derivative instrument contracts for a portion of our oil and natural gas production. As of June 30, 2016, we had entered into hedging contracts through December 2018 covering a total of 1,098 MBbls of our projected oil production and 1,460 BBtu of our projected natural gas production. In addition, as of June 30, 2016, we had entered into basis swaps covering a total of 769 MBbls of our  
     
 6   

projected oil production. Accordingly, our earnings may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in fair value of our derivative instruments.  
     
  Derivative instruments also expose us to the risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when:  
     
                        production is less than the volume covered by the derivative instruments; 
     
                        the counterparty to the derivative instrument defaults on its contractual obligations; 
     
                        there is an increase in the differential between the underlying price in the derivative instrument and actual prices received; or 
     
                        there are issues with regard to legal enforceability of such instruments. 
     
  The use of derivatives may, in some cases, require the posting of cash collateral with counterparties. If we enter into derivative instruments that require cash collateral and commodity prices or interest rates change in a manner adverse to us, our cash otherwise available for use in our operations would be reduced, which could limit our ability to make future capital expenditures and make payments on our indebtedness, and which could also limit the size of CRP s borrowing base. Future collateral requirements will depend on arrangements with our counterparties, highly volatile oil and natural gas prices and interest rates. In addition, derivative arrangements could limit the benefit we would receive from increases in the prices for oil and natural gas, which could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  
     
  Our commodity derivative contracts expose us to risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. Disruptions in the financial markets could lead to sudden decreases in a counterparty s liquidity, which could make the counterparty unable to perform under the terms of the contract, and we may not be able to realize the benefit of the contract. We are unable to predict sudden changes in a counterparty s creditworthiness or ability to perform. Even if we accurately predict sudden changes, our ability to negate the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions.  
     
  During periods of declining commodity prices, our derivative contract receivable positions generally increase, which increases our counterparty credit exposure. If the creditworthiness of our counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, we could incur a significant loss with respect to our commodity derivative contracts.  
     
    Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.    
     
  The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex. It requires interpretations of available technical data and many assumptions, including assumptions relating to current and future economic conditions and commodity prices. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. In order to prepare reserve estimates, we must project production rates and timing of development expenditures. We must also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data. The extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. The process also requires economic assumptions about matters such as oil and natural gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds.  
     
  Actual future production, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves may vary from our estimates. For instance, initial production rates reported by us or other operators may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates, our recovery efficiencies may be worse than expected, and production declines may be greater than our estimates and may be more rapid and irregular when  
     
 7   

compared to initial production rates. In addition, we may adjust reserve estimates to reflect additional production history, results of development activities, current commodity prices and other existing factors. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves.  
     
  You should not assume that the present value of future net revenues from our reserves is the current market value of our estimated reserves. We generally base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from reserves on prices and costs on the date of the estimate. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the present value estimate. For example, our estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2015 and related standardized measure were calculated under rules of the SEC using twelve-month trailing average benchmark prices of $46.79 per barrel of oil (WTI) and $2.59 per MMBtu (Henry Hub spot), which, for certain periods in 2016, were substantially higher than the available spot prices. If spot prices are below such calculated amounts, using more recent prices in estimating proved reserves may result in a reduction in proved reserve volumes due to economic limits.  
     
    We will not be the operator on all of our acreage or drilling locations, and, therefore, we will not be able to control the timing of exploration or development efforts, associated costs, or the rate of production of any non-operated assets.    
     
  We have leased or acquired approximately 42,500 net acres, approximately 80% of which we operate, as of June 30, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, we were the operator on 674 of our 1,357 identified gross horizontal drilling locations. We will have limited ability to exercise influence over the operations of the drilling locations operated by our partners, and there is the risk that our partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Furthermore, the success and timing of development activities operated by our partners will depend on a number of factors that will be largely outside of our control, including:  
     
                        the timing and amount of capital expenditures; 
     
                        the operator s expertise and financial resources; 
     
                        the approval of other participants in drilling wells; 
     
                        the selection of technology; and 
     
                        the rate of production of reserves, if any. 
     
  This limited ability to exercise control over the operations and associated costs of some of our drilling locations could prevent the realization of targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition activities.  
     
    Our identified drilling locations are scheduled out over many years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling. In addition, we may not be able to raise the amount of capital that would be necessary to drill such locations.    
     
  We have specifically identified and scheduled certain drilling locations as an estimation of our future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. These drilling locations represent a significant part of our growth strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including oil and natural gas prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, drilling results, lease expirations, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, access to and availability of water sourcing and distribution systems, regulatory approvals and other factors. Because of these uncertain factors, we do not know if the numerous identified drilling locations will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce natural gas or oil from these or any other drilling locations. In addition, unless production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres on which some of the drilling  
     
 8   

locations are obtained, the leases for such acreage will expire. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified.  
     
  As of June 30, 2016, we had identified 1,357 horizontal drilling locations on our acreage based on approximately 880-foot spacing with five to six wells per 640-acre section in the Wolfcamp zones and approximately 1,320-foot spacing with four wells per 640-acre section in the 3rd Bone Spring Sandstone, in each case, consisting of laterals ranging from 4,500 feet up to 9,500 feet. As a result of the limitations described above, we may be unable to drill many of our identified locations. In addition, we will require significant additional capital over a prolonged period in order to pursue the development of these locations, and we may not be able to raise or generate the capital required to do so. See   Our development and acquisition projects require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain required capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our ability to access or grow production and reserves.  Any drilling activities we are able to conduct on these locations may not be successful or enable us to add additional proved reserves to our overall proved reserves or may result in a downward revision of our estimated proved reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our future business and results of operations. Additionally, if we curtail our drilling program, we may lose a portion of our acreage through lease expirations.  
     
    Certain of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage, the primary term is extended through continuous drilling provisions or the leases are renewed.    
     
  As of June 30, 2016, approximately 59% of our total net acreage (approximately 79% of our operated net acreage in Reeves and Ward counties) was either held by production or under continuous drilling provisions. The leases for our net acreage not held by production will expire at the end of their primary term unless production is established in paying quantities under the units containing these leases, the leases are held beyond their primary terms under continuous drilling provisions or the leases are renewed. If our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose the right to develop the related properties. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including oil and natural gas prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, drilling results, lease expirations, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, access to and availability of water sourcing and distribution systems, regulatory approvals and other factors.  
     
    Adverse weather conditions may negatively affect our operating results and our ability to conduct drilling activities.    
     
  Adverse weather conditions may cause, among other things, increases in the costs of, and delays in, drilling or completing new wells, power failures, temporary shut-in of production and difficulties in the transportation of our oil, natural gas and NGLs. Any decreases in production due to poor weather conditions will have an adverse effect on our revenues, which will in turn negatively affect our cash flow from operations.  
     
    Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    
     
  Water is an essential component of deep shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Drought conditions have persisted in Texas in past years. These drought conditions have led governmental authorities to restrict the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supplies. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations, we may be unable to economically produce oil and natural gas, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
     
 9   

Our producing properties are located in the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian Basin, in West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in a single geographic area.    
     
  All of our producing properties are geographically concentrated in the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian Basin, in West Texas. At December 31, 2015, all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to properties located in this area. As a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, market limitations, availability of equipment and personnel, water shortages or other drought related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of oil, natural gas or NGLs.  
     
    The marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which we do not control. If these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.    
     
  The marketability of our oil and natural gas production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. Our oil production is transported from the wellhead to our tank batteries by our gathering systems. The oil is then transported by the purchaser by truck to a transportation facility. Our natural gas production is generally transported by third-party gathering lines from the wellhead to a gas processing facility. We do not control these trucks and other third-party transportation facilities and our access to them may be limited or denied. Insufficient production from our wells to support the construction of pipeline facilities by our purchasers or a significant disruption in the availability of our or third-party transportation facilities or other production facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market or produce our oil and natural gas and thereby cause a significant interruption in our operations. If, in the future, we are unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties, we may be required to shut in or curtail production. Any such shut-in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favorable terms for delivery of the oil and natural gas produced from our fields, would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
     
    We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest.    
     
  The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While we typically obtain title opinions prior to commencing drilling operations on a lease or in a unit, the failure of title may not be discovered until after a well is drilled, in which case we may lose the lease and the right to produce all or a portion of the minerals under the property.  
     
    The development of our estimated PUDs may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. Therefore, our estimated PUDs may not be ultimately developed or produced.    
     
  As of December 31, 2015, 60% of our total estimated proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped. Development of these proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. Delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves or decreases in commodity prices will reduce the value of our estimated PUDs and future net revenues estimated for such reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomic. In addition, delays in the development of reserves could cause us to have to reclassify our PUDs as unproved reserves. Further, we may be required to write-down our PUDs if we do not drill those wells within five years after their respective dates of booking.  
     
 10   

If commodity prices decrease to a level such that our future undiscounted cash flows from our properties are less than their carrying value, we may be required to take write-downs of the carrying values of our properties.    
     
  Accounting rules that we periodically review the carrying value of our properties for possible impairment. Based on prevailing commodity prices and specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews, and the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data, economics and other factors, we may be required to write-down the carrying value of our properties. A write-down constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings. Recently, commodity prices have declined significantly. On June 30, 2016, the WTI spot price for crude oil was $48.27 per barrel and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas was $2.94 per MMBtu, representing decreases of 55% and 63%, respectively, from the high of $107.62 per barrel of oil and $7.92 per MMBtu for natural gas during 2014. Likewise, NGLs have suffered significant recent declines in realized prices. NGLs are made up of ethane, propane, isobutene, normal butane and natural gasoline, all of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics. Lower commodity prices in the future could result in impairments of our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are taken.  
     
    Unless we replace our reserves with new reserves and develop those reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which would adversely affect our future cash flows and results of operations.    
     
  Producing oil and natural gas reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other factors. Unless we conduct successful ongoing exploration and development activities or continually acquire properties containing proved reserves, our proved reserves will decline as those reserves are produced. Our future reserves and production, and therefore our future cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent on our success in efficiently developing our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire sufficient additional reserves to replace our current and future production. If we are unable to replace our current and future production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.  
     
    Conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and natural gas.    
     
  Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. The impact of the changing demand for oil and natural gas may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
     
    We depend upon a significant purchaser for the sale of most of our oil, natural gas and NGL production.    
     
  We normally sell our production to a relatively small number of customers, as is customary in our business. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, Plains Marketing, L.P. accounted for 64% and 78%, respectively, of our total revenue. During such years, no other purchaser accounted for 10% or more of our revenue. The loss of Plains Marketing, L.P. as a purchaser could materially and adversely affect our revenues in the short-term.  
     
 11   

Our operations may be exposed to significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental and occupational health and safety requirements applicable to our business activities.    
     
  Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment, health and safety aspects of our operations or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of a permit or other approval before conducting regulated activities; the restriction of types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment; the limitation or prohibition of drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas; the application of specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; and the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. Such enforcement actions often involve taking difficult and costly compliance measures or corrective actions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, natural resource damages, the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. In addition, we may experience delays in obtaining, or be unable to obtain, required permits, which may delay or interrupt our operations and limit our growth and revenue.  
     
  Certain environmental laws impose strict as well as joint and several liability for costs required to remediate and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or solid wastes have been stored or released. We may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly operated by us or facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our operations regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. In connection with certain acquisitions, we could acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against us. Moreover, public interest in the protection of the environment has increased dramatically in recent years. The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the crude oil and natural gas industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability. To the extent laws are enacted or other governmental action is taken that restricts drilling or imposes more stringent and costly operating, waste handling, disposal and cleanup requirements, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  
     
    We may incur substantial losses and be subject to substantial liability claims as a result of our operations. Additionally, we may not be insured for, or our insurance may be inadequate to protect us against, these risks.    
     
  We are not insured against all risks. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured and underinsured events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
     
  Our development activities are subject to all of the operating risks associated with drilling for and producing oil and natural gas, including the possibility of:  
     
                        environmental hazards, such as uncontrollable releases of oil, natural gas, brine, well fluids, toxic gas or other pollution into the environment, including groundwater, air and shoreline contamination; 
     
                        abnormally pressured formations; 
     
 12   

mechanical difficulties, such as stuck oilfield drilling and service tools and casing collapse; fire, explosions and ruptures of pipelines; 
     
                        personal injuries and death; 
     
                        natural disasters; and 
     
                        terrorist attacks targeting oil and natural gas related facilities and infrastructure. 
     
  Any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations or result in substantial loss to us as a result of claims for:  
     
                        injury or loss of life; 
     
                        damage to and destruction of property, natural resources and equipment; 
     
                        pollution and other environmental damage; 
     
                        regulatory investigations and penalties; and 
     
                        repair and remediation costs. 
     
  We may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
     
    Properties that we decide to drill may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities.    
     
  Properties that we decide to drill that do not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities will adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There is no way to predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular prospect will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to be economically viable. The use of micro-seismic data and other technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in commercial quantities. We cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from other wells, more fully explored prospects or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling prospects. Further, our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of numerous factors, including:  
     
                        unexpected drilling conditions; 
     
                        title problems; 
     
                        pressure or lost circulation in formations; 
     
                        equipment failure or accidents; 
     
                        adverse weather conditions; 
     
                        compliance with environmental and other governmental or contractual requirements; and 
     
                        increases in the cost of, shortages or delays in the availability of, electricity, supplies, materials, drilling or workover rigs, equipment and services. 
     
    We may be unable to make attractive acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses, and any inability to do so may disrupt our business and hinder our ability to grow.    
     
  In the future we may make acquisitions of assets or businesses that complement or expand our current business. However, there is no guarantee we will be able to identify attractive acquisition  
     
 13   

opportunities. In the event we are able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. Competition for acquisitions may also increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions.  
     
  The success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions. No assurance can be given that we will be able to identify additional suitable acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. Our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to integrate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
     
  In addition, CRP s credit agreement imposes certain limitations on our ability to enter into mergers or combination transactions. CRP s credit agreement also limits our ability to incur certain indebtedness, which could indirectly limit our ability to engage in acquisitions of businesses.  
     
    Certain of our properties are subject to land use restrictions, which could limit the manner in which we conduct our business.    
     
  Certain of our properties are subject to land use restrictions, including city ordinances, which could limit the manner in which we conduct our business. Although none of our drilling locations associated with proved undeveloped reserves as of December 31, 2015 or June 30, 2016 are on properties currently subject to such land use restrictions, such restrictions could affect, among other things, our access to and the permissible uses of our facilities as well as the manner in which we produce oil and natural gas and may restrict or prohibit drilling in general. The costs we incur to comply with such restrictions may be significant in nature, and we may experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of development activities and perhaps even be precluded from the drilling of wells.  
     
    The unavailability or high cost of additional drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and oilfield services could adversely affect our ability to execute our development plans within our budget and on a timely basis.    
     
  The demand for drilling rigs, pipe and other equipment and supplies, as well as for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas prices, causing periodic shortages. Our operations are concentrated in areas in which industry had increased rapidly, and as a result, demand for such drilling rigs, equipment and personnel, as well as access to transportation, processing and refining facilities in these areas, had increased, as did the costs for those items. However, beginning in the second half of 2014, commodity prices began to decline and the demand for goods and services has subsided due to reduced activity. To the extent that commodity prices improve in the future, any delay or inability to secure the personnel, equipment, power, services, resources and facilities access necessary for us to resume or increase our development activities could result in production volumes being below our forecasted volumes. In addition, any such negative effect on production volumes, or significant increases in costs, could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and profitability. Furthermore, if we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs at reasonable costs, we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire.  
     
 14   

We could experience periods of higher costs if commodity prices rise. These increases could reduce our profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as planned.    
     
  Historically, our capital and operating costs have risen during periods of increasing oil, natural gas and NGL prices. These cost increases result from a variety of factors beyond our control, such as increases in the cost of electricity, steel and other raw materials that we and our vendors rely upon; increased demand for labor, services and materials as drilling activity increases; and increased taxes. Decreased levels of drilling activity in the oil and gas industry in recent periods have led to declining costs of some drilling equipment, materials and supplies. However, such costs may rise faster than increases in our revenue if commodity prices rise, thereby negatively impacting our profitability, cash flow and ability to complete development activities as scheduled and on budget. This impact may be magnified to the extent that our ability to participate in the commodity price increases is limited by our derivative activities.  
     
    Should we fail to comply with all applicable FERC administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines.    
     
  Under the Domenici-Barton Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( EP Act of 2005 ), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) has civil penalty authority under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (the  NGA ) and the Natural Gas Policy Act ( NGPA ) to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation and disgorgement of profits associated with any violation. While our operations have not been regulated by FERC as a natural gas company under the NGA, FERC has adopted regulations that may subject certain of our otherwise non-FERC jurisdictional operations to FERC annual reporting and posting requirements. We also must comply with the anti-market manipulation rules enforced by FERC. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to those and other matters may be considered or adopted by FERC from time to time. Failure to comply with those regulations in the future could subject us to civil penalty liability.  
     
    Climate change laws and regulations restricting emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce, while potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our production and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects.    
     
  In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, the EPA has adopted regulations pursuant to the federal Clean Air Act that, among other things, require preconstruction and operating permits for certain large stationary sources. Facilities required to obtain preconstruction permits for their GHG emissions are also required to meet  best available control technology  standards that are being established by the states or, in some cases, by the EPA on a case-by-case basis. These regulatory requirements could adversely affect our operations and restrict or delay our ability to obtain air permits for new or modified sources. In addition, the EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from specified onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production sources in the United States on an annual basis, which include certain of our operations. Furthermore, in May 2016, the EPA finalized rules that establish new controls for emissions of methane from new, modified or reconstructed sources in the oil and natural gas source category, including production, processing, transmission and storage activities. The rule includes first-time standards to address emissions of methane from equipment and processes across the source category, including hydraulically fractured oil and natural gas well completions. The EPA has also announced that it intends to impose methane emission standards for existing sources as well but, to date, has not yet issued a proposal. Compliance with these rules will require enhanced record-keeping practices, the purchase of new equipment, such as optical gas imaging instruments to detect leaks, and increased frequency of maintenance and repair activities to address emissions leakage. The rules will also likely require  
     
 15   

additional personnel time to support these activities or the engagement of third party contractors to assist with and verify compliance. These new and proposed rules could result in increased compliance costs on our operations.  
     
  While Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation to reduce GHG emissions at the federal level in recent years. In the absence of such federal climate legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs. These programs typically require major sources of GHG emissions to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting those GHGs. In addition, efforts have been made and continue to be made in the international community toward the adoption of international treaties or protocols that would address global climate change issues. Most recently, the United States is one of almost 200 nations that, in December 2015, agreed to the Paris Agreement, which requires member countries to review and  represent a progression  in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set GHG emission reduction goals, every five years beginning in 2020. The Paris Agreement was signed in April 2016, and is expected to enter into force in November 2016.  The United States is one of over 70 nations having ratified or otherwise consented to be bound by the agreement. Although it is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations. Substantial limitations on GHG emissions could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas we produce. Finally, it should be noted that some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our operations.  
     
    Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing as well as governmental reviews of such activities could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays in the completion of oil and natural gas wells and adversely affect our production.    
     
  Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate production of oil and/or natural gas from dense subsurface rock formations. The hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, proppants and chemicals under pressure into targeted subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. We regularly use hydraulic fracturing as part of our operations. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but the EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority pursuant to the federal Safe Drinking Water Act ( SDWA ) over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel fuels and published permitting guidance in February 2014 addressing the performance of such activities using diesel fuels. The EPA has also issued final regulations under the federal Clean Air Act establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and advanced notice of proposed rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies to disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, and also finalized rules in 2016 that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. In addition, the Bureau of Land Management finalized rules in March 2015 that impose new or more stringent standards for performing hydraulic fracturing on federal and American Indian lands. The U.S. District Court of Wyoming struck down the rule in June 2016.  The BLM appealed the ruling to the Tenth Circuit.  This appeals remains pending. In addition, Congress has from time to time considered legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. It is unclear how any additional federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing activities may affect our operations.  
     
 16   

Certain governmental reviews are either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. The White House Council on Environmental Quality is coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices. Additionally, in June 2015, the EPA released its draft report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The EPA report concluded that hydraulic fracturing activities have not led to widespread, systemic impacts on drinking water resources in the United States, although there are above and below ground mechanisms by which hydraulic fracturing activities have the potential to impact drinking water resources. The draft report is expected to be finalized after a public comment period and a formal review by the EPA s Science Advisory Board. Other governmental agencies, including the United States Department of Energy and the United States Department of the Interior, are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. These ongoing or proposed studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under the federal SDWA or other regulatory mechanisms.  
     
  At the state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. For example, in May 2013, the Railroad Commission of Texas issued a  well integrity rule,  which updates the requirements for drilling, putting pipe down and cementing wells. The rule also includes new testing and reporting requirements, such as (i) the requirement to submit cementing reports after well completion or after cessation of drilling, whichever is later, and (ii) the imposition of additional testing on wells less than 1,000 feet below usable groundwater. The well integrity rule took effect in January 2014. Local governments also may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. We believe that we follow applicable standard industry practices and legal requirements for groundwater protection in our hydraulic fracturing activities. Nonetheless, if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where we operate, we could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of development activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells.  
     
    Legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity could restrict our drilling and production activities, as well as our ability to dispose of saltwater gathered from such activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.    
     
  State and federal regulatory agencies recently have focused on a possible connection between the hydraulic fracturing related activities and the increased occurrence of seismic activity, and regulatory agencies at all levels are continuing to study the possible linkage between oil and gas activity and induced seismicity. For example, in 2015, the United States Geological Study identified eight states, including Texas, with areas of increased rates of induced seismicity that could be attributed to fluid injection or oil and gas extraction. In addition, a number of lawsuits have been filed in other states, most recently in Oklahoma, alleging that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. In response to these concerns, regulators in some states are seeking to impose additional requirements, including requirements in the permitting of saltwater disposal wells or otherwise to assess any relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. For example, in October 2014, the Railroad Commission of Texas published a new rule governing permitting or re-permitting of disposal wells that would require, among other things, the submission of information on seismic events occurring within a specified radius of the disposal well location, as well as logs, geologic cross sections and structure maps relating to the disposal area in question. If the permittee or an applicant of a disposal well permit fails to demonstrate that the saltwater or other fluids are confined to the disposal zone or if scientific data indicates such a disposal well is likely to be or determined to be contributing to seismic activity, then the agency may deny, modify, suspend or terminate the permit application or existing operating permit for that well.  
     
 17   

We dispose of large volumes of saltwater gathered from our drilling and production operations pursuant to permits issued to us by governmental authorities overseeing such disposal activities. While these permits are issued pursuant to existing laws and regulations, these legal requirements are subject to change, which could result in the imposition of more stringent operating constraints or new monitoring and reporting requirements, owing to, among other things, concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such gathering or disposal activities. The adoption and implementation of any new laws or regulations that restrict our ability to use hydraulic fracturing or dispose of saltwater gathered from our drilling and production activities by limiting volumes, disposal rates, disposal well locations or otherwise, or requiring us to shut down disposal wells, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
     
    Competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, making it more difficult for us to acquire properties, market oil or natural gas and secure trained personnel.    
     
  Our ability to acquire additional prospects and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing oil and natural gas and securing trained personnel. Also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and natural gas industry. Many of our competitors possess and employ financial, technical and personnel resources substantially greater than ours. Those companies may be able to pay more for productive properties and exploratory prospects and to evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or personnel resources permit. In addition, other companies may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer. The cost to attract and retain qualified personnel has increased over the past three years due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining quality personnel and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
     
    Our business is difficult to evaluate because we have a limited operating history, and we are susceptible to the potential difficulties associated with rapid growth and expansion.    
     
  CRP was formed in 2012 and, as a result, there is only limited historical financial and operating information available upon which to base your evaluation of our performance.  
     
  In addition, we have grown rapidly over the last several years. We believe that our future success depends on our ability to manage the rapid growth that we have experienced and the demands from increased responsibility on management personnel. The following factors could present difficulties:  
     
                        increased responsibilities for our executive level personnel; 
     
                        increased administrative burden; 
     
                        increased capital requirements; and 
     
                        increased organizational challenges common to large, expansive operations. 
     
  Our operating results could be adversely affected if we do not successfully manage these potential difficulties. The historical financial information of CRP included elsewhere in this prospectus is not necessarily indicative of the results that may be realized in the future. In addition, our operating history is limited and the results from our current producing wells are not necessarily indicative of success from our future drilling operations.  
     
 18   

Increases in interest rates could adversely affect our business.    
     
  Our business and operating results can be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms of and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in credit rating. These changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce cash flow used for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, as of June 30, 2016, outstanding borrowings subject to variable interest rates were approximately $189 million, and a 1.0% increase in interest rates would result in an increase in annual interest expense of approximately $1.9 million, assuming the $189 million of debt was outstanding for the full year. Recent and continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance operations. We require continued access to capital. A significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and operating results.  
     
    We may be subject to risks in connection with acquisitions of properties.    
     
  The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including:  
     
                        recoverable reserves; 
     
                        future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials; 
     
                        operating costs; and 
     
                        potential environmental and other liabilities. 
     
  The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and capabilities. Inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. We often are not entitled to contractual indemnification for environmental liabilities and acquire properties on an  as is  basis.  
     
    As a result of future legislation, certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development may be eliminated and our production may be subject to the imposition of new U.S. federal taxes.    
     
  The U.S. President s Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Proposal and legislation introduced in a prior session of Congress includes proposals that, if enacted into law, would eliminate certain key U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available to oil and gas exploration and production companies or potentially make our operations subject to the imposition of new U.S. federal taxes. These changes include, but are not limited to, (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities, (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures and (v) imposition of a $10.25 per barrel fee on oil, to be paid by oil companies (but the budget does not describe where and how such a fee would be collected). It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, and any such change, as well as any changes to or the imposition of new U.S. federal,  
     
 19   

state or local taxes (including the imposition of, or increase in production, severance or similar taxes), could increase the cost of exploration and development of oil and gas resources, which would negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
     
    Our use of seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect the results of our drilling operations.    
     
  Even when properly used and interpreted, seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. As a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical. In addition, the use of advanced technologies, such as 3-D seismic data, requires greater pre-drilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures.  
     
    Restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in areas where we operate.    
     
  Oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas may be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. Seasonal restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations or materially increase our operating and capital costs. Permanent restrictions imposed to protect endangered species could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. The designation of previously unprotected species in areas where we operate as threatened or endangered could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our activities that could have a material and adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves.  
     
    The enactment of derivatives legislation could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with our business.    
     
  The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the Dodd-Frank Act. In October 2011, the CFTC issued regulations to set position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. The initial position limits rule was vacated by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia in September 2012. However, in November 2013, the CFTC proposed new rules that would place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. As these new position limit rules are not yet final, the impact of those provisions on us is uncertain at this time.  
     
  The CFTC has designated certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps for mandatory clearing. The CFTC has not yet proposed rules designating any other classes of swaps, including physical commodity swaps, for mandatory clearing. In addition, certain banking regulators and the CFTC have recently adopted final rules establishing minimum margin requirements for uncleared swaps. Although we expect to qualify for the end-user exception from such margin requirements for swaps entered into to hedge our commercial risks, the application of such requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. If any of our swaps do not qualify for the commercial end-user exception, posting of  
     
 20   

collateral could impact liquidity and reduce cash available to us for capital expenditures, therefore reducing our ability to execute hedges to reduce risk and protect cash flow.  
     
  The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulatory requirements upon our business will not be known until the regulations are implemented and the market for derivatives contracts has adjusted. The Dodd-Frank Act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter, and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Finally, the Dodd-Frank Act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. Our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the Dodd-Frank Act and implementing regulations is to lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on us and our financial condition.  
     
  In addition, the European Union and other non-U.S. jurisdictions are implementing regulations with respect to the derivatives market. To the extent we transact with counterparties in foreign jurisdictions, we may become subject to such regulations, the impact of which is not clear at this time.  
     
    The standardized measure of our estimated reserves is not an accurate estimate of the current fair value of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves.    
     
  Standardized measure is a reporting convention that provides a common basis for comparing oil and natural gas companies subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Standardized measure requires the use of specific pricing as required by the SEC as well as operating and development costs prevailing as of the date of computation. Consequently, it may not reflect the prices ordinarily received or that will be received for oil and natural gas production because of varying market conditions, nor may it reflect the actual costs that will be required to produce or develop the oil and natural gas properties. As a result, estimates included herein of future net cash flow may be materially different from the future net cash flows that are ultimately received, and the standardized measure of our estimated reserves included in this prospectus should not be construed as accurate estimates of the current fair value of our proved reserves.  
     
    We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry.    
     
  The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. In addition, other oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and that may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.  
     
 21   

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.    
     
  We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and NASDAQ. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, NASDAQ and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations and rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  
     
    Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.    
     
  We are subject to income taxes in the United States, and our domestic tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including:  
     
                        changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
     
                        expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
     
                        tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
     
                        costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
     
                        changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
     
                        lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
     
  In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal and state authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
     
   Risks Related to Our Securities and Capital Structure   
     
    The market price of our securities may decline.    
     
  Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the completion of the Business Combination, trading in our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants had been limited. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline.  
     
  Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include:  
     
                        actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
     
                        changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
     
                        success of competitors; 
     
 22   

our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
     
                        changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or its markets in general; 
     
                        operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
     
                        our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 
     
                        changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
     
                        commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
     
                        changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
     
                        the volume of securities available for public sale; 
     
                        any major change in our board or management; 
     
                        sales of substantial amounts of our securities by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
     
                        general economic and political conditions such as recession; interest rate, fuel price, and international currency fluctuations; and acts of war or terrorism. 
     
  Many of the factors listed above are beyond our control. In addition, broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and NASDAQ have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants which trade on NASDAQ, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress the price of our securities regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.  
     
    If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline.    
     
  The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our stock price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our securities adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our securities would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.  
     
 23   

Riverstone and its affiliates own the majority of our outstanding voting common stock.    
     
  Riverstone and its affiliates, including our Sponsor, beneficially own approximately 50.9% of our voting common stock. As long as Riverstone and its affiliates, including our Sponsor, own or control a significant percentage of outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to strongly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors, any amendment of our charter or bylaws, or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets, and will be able to cause or prevent a change in the composition of our board of directors or a change in control of our company that could deprive stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company.  
     
  The interests of Riverstone and its affiliates, including our Sponsor, may not align with the interests of our other stockholders. Our Sponsor is in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Riverstone and its affiliates, including our Sponsor, may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, our second amended and restated Charter (the  Charter ) provides that we renounce any interest or expectancy in the business opportunities of our officers and directors and their respective affiliates and each such party shall not have any obligation to offer us those opportunities unless presented to one of our directors or officers in his or her capacity as a director or officer.  
     
    We are a  controlled company  within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing Rules and qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.    
     
  Riverstone and its affiliates, including our Sponsor, control a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our outstanding voting stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ corporate governance standards. Under the NASDAQ rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and we have elected not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:  
     
                        a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors; 
     
                        the nominating and governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors; and 
     
                        the compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors. 
     
  These requirements will not apply to us as long as we remain a controlled company. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NASDAQ. See  Management Status as a Controlled Company.   
     
    There is no guarantee that the Public Warrants will be in the money at a time when they are exercisable, and they may expire worthless and the terms of our Public Warrants may be amended.    
     
  The exercise price for our Public Warrants is $11.50 per share. There is no guarantee that the Public Warrants will be in the money at a time when they are exercisable, and as such, the Public Warrants may expire worthless.  
     
  In addition, the warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of  
     
 24   

the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant.  
     
    We may redeem the Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to holders, thereby making their Public Warrants worthless.    
     
  We have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that (i) the last reported sale price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within the 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day before we send the notice of such redemption and (ii) on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time the Public Warrants are redeemed, there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of our Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force holders of Public Warrants:  
     
                        to exercise their Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so; 
     
                        to sell their Public Warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their Public Warrants; or 
     
                        to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of their Public Warrants. 
     
    Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Charter and amended and restated bylaws (the  Bylaws ), as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.    
     
  Our Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include:  
     
                        no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
     
                        the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
     
                        the ability of our board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
     
                        a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
     
                        the requirement that an annual meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
     
 25   

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 
     
                        controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings; 
     
                        providing that directors may be removed prior to the expiration of their terms by stockholders only for cause; and 
     
                        advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
     
  These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our board of directors and management.  
     
  As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the  DGCL ), which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding voting common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding voting common stock. Any provision of our Charter or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their securities and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our securities.  
     
    The JOBS Act permits  emerging growth companies  like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.    
     
  We qualify as an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following February 28, 2021, the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.  
     
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither  
     
 26   

an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.  
     
  We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A Common Stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile.  
     
    Non-U.S. holders may be subject to U.S. income tax with respect to gain on disposition of their Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants.    
     
  We believe that we are a United States real property holding corporation (a  USRPHC ). As a result, Non-U.S. holders (defined below in the section entitled  Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations ) that own (or are treated as owning under constructive ownership rules) more than a specified amount of our Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants during a specified time period may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a sale, exchange, or other disposition of such Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants and may be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return. If you are a Non-U.S. holder, we urge you to consult your tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of such treatment.  
     
 27   

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cdev-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cdev-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cdev-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cdev-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cdev-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cdev-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

