<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1530746_0000721748-16-001812_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32325591</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92499</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>30252302</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>583838</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>732637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>578800</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>76</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721748-16-001812.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121155328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721748-16-001812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kaya Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530746
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				900898007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-177532
		FILM NUMBER:		162010326

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 SOUTH ANDREWS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-5347895

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 SOUTH ANDREWS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120125

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alternative Fuels America, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721748-16-001812.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 kaya10q111616.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C.  20549  

FORM 10-Q  

  [X] QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly Period ended September
30, 2016  

 OR 

 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from 

 __________to __________ 

Commission File No.: 333-177532 

KAYA HOLDINGS, INC. 

Delaware  
         
      90-0898007   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification  Number)   

305 S. Andrews
Avenue  

  Suite 209  

  Ft. Lauderdale,
Florida 33301  

  (Address of principal
executive offices)  

(561) 210-5784  

  (Issuer's telephone
number)  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ ] No [X]  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [
    ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [
    ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [
    ]  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate by
checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes [ ] No [X]  

As of November
21, 2016, the Issuer had 112,396,795 shares of its common stock outstanding.       

KAYA
HOLDINGS, INC.  

INDEX TO QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10 Q  

Part
    I   Financial Information  
       Page   

Item
    1.  
      Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Statements  
       1  

Condensed
    Consolidated Balance Sheet  
      1  

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operation  
      2  

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     3 

Notes
    to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     4 

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      20  

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      57  

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      57  

Part
    II Other Information  

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      58  

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      59  

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      59  

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
      59  

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      59  

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
      59  

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
       59  

Signatures  

Item
1. Financial Statements   

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements.                  

Table Of Contents        1        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Unaudited 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

Table Of Contents        2        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cashflows 

  Unaudited  

Table Of Contents        3        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF THE BUSINESS  

Organization  

Kaya Holdings, Inc. FKA (Alternative Fuels
Americas, Inc.) is a holding company. The Company was incorporated in 1993 and has engaged in a number of businesses. Its name
was changed on May 11, 2007 to NetSpace International Holdings, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) ( NetSpace ). NetSpace
acquired 100% of Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. (a Florida corporation) in January 2010 in a stock-for-member interest transaction
and issued 6,567,247 shares of common stock and 100,000 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock to existing shareholders.
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation was filed in October 2010 changing the Company s name from NetSpace
International Holdings, Inc. to Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. (a Delaware corporation). Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation was filed in March 2015 changing the Company s name from Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. (a Delaware corporation)
to Kaya Holdings, Inc. 

The Company has two subsidiaries: Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. (a
Florida corporation) which is wholly owned, Marijuana Holdings Americas, Inc. a Florida corporation, ( MJAI )
which is a majority owned subsidiary. Additionally, MJAI conducts operations in Oregon through ownership interests in MJAI
Oregon 1 LLC, MJAI Oregon 2 LLC, MJAI Oregon 3 LLC and MJAI Oregon 4, LLC.  

Nature of the Business     

The Company operates a subsidiary, Marijuana
Holdings Americas, Inc., a Florida corporation, that pursues medical and/or recreational licenses for the growing, processing and/or
sale of marijuana in jurisdictions where it is legal and permissible under local laws. The subsidiary was formed in March 2014. 

In March 2014 Marijuana Holdings Americas,
Inc. (through local Oregon subsidiaries) began the application process to obtain licenses to operate medical marijuana dispensaries
in Oregon. On March 21, 2014 the Company received notice from the Oregon Health Authority that MJAI Oregon 1 had been granted provisional
licensing approval to operate their first Medical Marijuana Dispensary in Portland, Oregon and subsequently received full licensing
approval for the first  Kaya ShackTM  retail medical marijuana dispensary, which we began operating July 3, 2014. 

In April 2015 KAYS commenced its own medical marijuana
grow operations for the cultivation and harvesting of legal marijuana, thereby becoming the first US publicly traded company to
own a majority interest in a vertically integrated legal marijuana enterprise in the United States. The Company opened its second
MMD (and first Kaya Shack  Marijuana Superstore) in October 2015 in Salem, Oregon. During 2015, the Company also consolidated
its grow operations and manufacturing operations into a single facility in Portland, Oregon. In October 2015, Oregon commenced
legal recreational marijuana sales, which are initially being conducted solely through State Licensed MMDs, including those operated
by the Company. The Company plans to open at least two additional dispensaries in Oregon during 2016 and in April 2016 entered
into leases and filed increased applications for its next two planned retain outlets in Salem Oregon. 

Table Of Contents        4        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 2 - LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared on a going concern basis, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The
Company incurred a net loss of $899,566 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a net loss of $3,225,397 for the year ended
December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Company has a working capital deficiency of $2,817,672 and is totally dependent on
its ability to raise capital. The Company has a plan of operations and acknowledges that its plan of operations may not result
in generating positive working capital in the near future. Even though management believes that it will be able to successfully
execute its business plan, which includes third-party financing and capital issuance, and meet the Company s future liquidity
needs, there can be no assurances in that regard. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this material uncertainty. Management recognizes that the Company must generate additional funds to successfully develop its operations
and activities. Management plans include: 

the
    sale of additional equity and debt securities,   

alliances
    and/or partnerships with entities interested in and having the resources to support the further development of the Company s
    business plan,   

other
    business transactions to assure continuation of the Company s development and operations,   

development
    of a unified brand and the pursuit of licenses to operate medical marijuana facilities under the branded name.   

NOTE 3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto have been prepared in accordance with the instructions
for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The December 31,
2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto that are included
in the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016. 

The accounting policies applied by the Company
in these condensed interim financial statements are the same as those applied by the Company in its audited consolidated financial
statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2015. The quarterly information presented should be read in conjunction with
the annual report filed on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. 

Such estimates and assumptions impact both
assets and liabilities, including but not limited to: net realizable value of accounts receivable and inventory, estimated useful
lives and potential impairment of property and equipment, the valuation of intangible assets, estimate of fair value of share based
payments and derivative liabilities, estimates of fair value of warrants issued and recorded as debt discount, estimates of tax
liabilities and estimates of the probability and potential magnitude of contingent liabilities. 

Table Of Contents        5        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the
near term due to one or more future non-conforming events. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from estimates. 

Risks and Uncertainties  

The Company s operations are subject
to risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, regulatory and other risks including the potential risk of business
failure.   

The Company has experienced, and in the future
expects to continue to experience, variability in its sales and earnings.  The factors expected to contribute to this
variability include, among others, (i) the uncertainty associated with the commercialization and ultimate success of the product,
(ii) competition inherent at other locations where product is expected to be sold (iii) general economic conditions and (iv) the
related volatility of prices pertaining to the cost of sales.  

Fiscal Year  

The Company s fiscal year-end is December
31. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Kaya Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary, Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc. (a Florida corporation)
and Marijuana Holdings Americas, Inc. (a Florida corporation) which is a majority owned subsidiary.  All inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Non-Controlling Interest  

The company owns 55% of Marijuana Holdings
Americas, Inc. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less. The Company had no cash equivalents 

Inventory  

Inventory will consist of finished goods purchased,
which are valued at the lower of cost or market value, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out method.  The
Company will periodically review historical sales activity to determine potentially obsolete items and also evaluates the impact
of any anticipated changes in future demand.   

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment is stated at cost, less
accumulated depreciation and is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable.   

Depreciation of property and equipment is provided
utilizing the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, ranging from 5-7 years of the respective assets. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment,
the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statements
of operations. 

Table Of Contents        6        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company measures assets and liabilities
at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements, which represents
the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be, in an orderly transaction
between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level. 

The following are the hierarchical levels of
inputs to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Observable inputs
that reflect quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 - Inputs reflect quoted
        prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
        active markets; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities; or inputs that are derived
        principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3   Unobservable
inputs reflecting the Company s assumptions incorporated in valuation techniques used to determine fair value. These assumptions
are required to be consistent with market participant assumptions that are reasonably available.   

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable   accrued expenses,
certain notes payable and notes payable   related party, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments. 

The Company accounts for its derivative liabilities,
at fair value, on a recurring basis under level 3. See Note 6. 

Embedded Conversion Features  

The Company evaluates embedded conversion features
within convertible debt under ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging  to determine whether the embedded conversion feature(s)
should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at fair value with changes in fair value recorded
in earnings. If the conversion feature does not require derivative treatment under ASC 815, the instrument is evaluated under ASC
470-20  Debt with Conversion and Other Options  for consideration of any beneficial conversion feature. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

The Company does not use derivative
instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of it financial instruments,
including stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported as charges or
credits to income. 

For option-based simple derivative
financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments at inception
and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded
as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

Table Of Contents        7        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Beneficial Conversion Feature  

For conventional convertible debt where the
rate of conversion is below market value, the Company records a  beneficial conversion feature  ( BCF ) and
related debt discount. 

When the Company records a BCF, the relative
fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument (offset to additional
paid in capital) and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. 

Debt Issue Costs and Debt Discount  

The Company may record debt issue costs and/or
debt discounts in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt.  These costs may be paid in the form of
cash, or equity (such as warrants). These costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. If a conversion of
the underlying debt occurs, a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed. 

Original Issue Discount  

For certain convertible debt issued, the Company
may provide the debt holder with an original issue discount.  The original issue discount would be recorded to debt discount,
reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. 

Extinguishments of Liabilities  

The Company accounts for extinguishments
of liabilities in accordance with ASC 860-10 (formerly SFAS 140)  Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets
and Extinguishment of Liabilities . When the conditions are met for extinguishment accounting, the liabilities are derecognized
and the gain or loss on the sale is recognized. 

Stock-Based Compensation - Employees  

The Company accounts for its stock based compensation
in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions under the recognition and measurement principles
of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to paragraph
718-10-30-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received
for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value
of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.   

The measurement date used to determine the
fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or the date on which
it is probable that performance will occur.   

If the Company is a newly formed corporation
or shares of the Company are thinly traded, the use of share prices established in the Company s most recent private placement
memorandum (based on sales to third parties) ( PPM ), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more
appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between
the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. 

The fair value of share options and similar
instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model.  The ranges of assumptions
for inputs are as follows: 

[] 
     
         Expected term of share options and similar
        instruments: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected
        to be outstanding. Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of
        share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding
        taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and employees  expected exercise and post-vesting employment
        termination behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.  Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1,
        it may be appropriate to use the simplified method, i.e., expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual
        term) / 2), if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
        expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes
        the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise
        data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant
        structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to
        estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options 
         and similar instruments as the company does
        not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.   

Table Of Contents        8        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

[] 
     Expected volatility of the entity s shares and the method used to estimate it.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic entity that uses the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting that particular index, and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index.  The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.  If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.  

[] 
     
         Expected annual rate of
        quarterly dividends.  An entity that uses a method that employs different dividend rates during the contractual
        term shall disclose the range of expected dividends used and the weighted-average expected dividends.  The expected
        dividend yield is based on the Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for
        periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments.   

[]  
       Risk-free
                                         rate(s). An entity that uses a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose
                                         the range of risk-free rates used.  The risk-free interest rate is based on
                                         the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected
                                         term of the share options and similar instruments.    

Generally, all forms of share-based payments,
including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights are measured at their fair value
on the awards  grant date, based on estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. 

The expense resulting from share-based payments
is recorded in general and administrative expense in the statements of operations. 

Stock-Based Compensation   Non Employees  

Equity Instruments Issued to Parties
Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services   

The Company accounts for equity instruments
issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance of Sub-topic 505-50 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( Sub-topic 505-50 ). 

Pursuant to ASC Section 505-50-30, all transactions
in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the
fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  The
measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance
is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur.  If the Company is a newly formed corporation
or shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company s most recent private placement
memorandum ( PPM ), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily
price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack
of consistent trading in the market. 

The fair value of share options and similar
instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model.  The ranges of assumptions
for inputs are as follows: 

Table Of Contents        9        

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

[]  
      Expected term of share options and similar
    instruments: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of
    share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be
    outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and holder s expected exercise behavior
    into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.  The Company uses historical data to estimate holder s
    expected exercise behavior.  If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded
    the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments is used as the expected term of share options and similar
    instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
    expected term.   

[]  
      Expected volatility of the entity s
    shares and the method used to estimate it.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic
    entity that uses the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for the Company to estimate
    the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting
    that particular index, and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index.  The Company uses the average
    historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments
    as its expected volatility.  If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations
    would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations
    for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent
    trading in the market.   

[]  
      Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends.  An
    entity that uses a method that employs different dividend rates during the contractual term shall disclose the range of expected
    dividends used and the weighted-average expected dividends.  The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s
    current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the expected term of the share
    options and similar instruments.   

[]  
      Risk-free rate(s). An entity that uses
    a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose the range of risk-free rates used.  The risk-free
    interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term
    of the share options and similar instruments.   

Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-25-7, if fully
vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or
services (no specific performance is required by the grantee to retain those equity instruments), then, because of the elimination
of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn the equity instruments, a measurement date has been reached. A grantor
shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued (in most cases, when the agreement is entered into). Whether the corresponding
cost is an immediate expense or a prepaid asset (or whether the debit should be characterized as contra-equity under the requirements
of paragraph 505-50-45-1) depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1, a grantor
may conclude that an asset (other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested, non-forfeitable equity
instruments that are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific
performance is required by the grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed
as contra-equity by the grantor of the equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall
not affect the balance sheet display of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred
to other than employees in exchange for goods or services. Section 505-50-30 provides guidance on the determination of the
measurement date for transactions that are within the scope of this Subtopic. 

Pursuant to Paragraphs 505-50-25-8 and 505-50-25-9, an
entity may grant fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after a specified period
of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance conditions. Any
measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity had paid cash
for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with, or using, the equity instruments. A
recognized asset, expense, or sales discount shall not be reversed if a share option and similar instrument that the counterparty
has the right to exercise expires unexercised. 

Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-30-S99-1,
if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested, forfeitable equity instruments, those equity
instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is, the instruments are
not considered issued until they vest). Consequently, there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue is recorded when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, (2) asset is transferred to the customer without further obligation, (3) the sales price to the customer
is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

In May 2014, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) .  The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition.   In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition
of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (for example, assets within
the scope of Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue)
in this Update.  Under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services.  The amendments in ASU No, 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted.  We do not believe the adoption
of this update will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect
on the accompanying financial statements. 

Cost of Sales    

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the purchase of goods and third party testing of the Company s products.  

Related Parties  

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties
include a. affiliates of the Company; b. Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the
election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for
by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts
that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f.
other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests; and g. Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that
one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

The consolidated financial statements shall
include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other
similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of
consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature
of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts
were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to
an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each
of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms
from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented
and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Contingencies  

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the
consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one
or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or
unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. However, there is no assurance that
such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, consolidated financial position, and consolidated
results of operations or consolidated cash flows. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company follows the guidance in Section
855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate
subsequent events through the date when the financial statements are issued. 

Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed
to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) .  The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition.   In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition
of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer (for example, assets within
the scope of Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, and intangible assets within the scope of Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other) are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue)
in this Update.  Under the new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services.  The amendments in ASU No, 2014-09 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted.  We do not believe the adoption
of this update will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect
on the accompanying financial statements. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Re-Classifications   

Certain amounts in 2015 were reclassified to
conform to the 2016 presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net loss for the periods presented. 

The fair value of the warrants on the date
of issuance and on each re-measurement date of those warrants classified as liabilities is estimated using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model using the following assumptions: contractual life according to the remaining terms of the warrants, no dividend yield,
weighted average risk-free interest rate of .41% at September 30, 2016 and weighted average volatility of 134%. For this liability,
the Company developed its own assumptions that do not have observable inputs or available market data to support the fair value.
This method of valuation involves using inputs such as the fair value of the Company's various classes of preferred stock, stock
price volatility, the contractual term of the warrants, risk free interest rates and dividend yields. Due to the nature of these
inputs, the valuation of the warrants is considered a Level 3 measurement. The warrant liability is recorded in other liabilities
on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The warrant liability is marked-to-market each reporting period with the change in
fair value recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss until the warrants are exercised, expire
or other facts and circumstances lead the warrant liability to be reclassified as an equity instrument. 

NOTE 4- CONVERTIBLE DEBT  

These debts have a price adjustment
provision. Therefore, the Company accounted for these Notes under ASC Topic 815-15  Embedded Derivative.   The
derivative component of the obligation are initially valued and classified as a derivative liability with an offset to discounts
on convertible debt. Discounts have been amortized to interest expense over the respective term of the related note. In determining
the indicated value of the convertible note issued, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with a risk   -free
interest rate of ranging from 0.05% to 1.06%, volatility ranging from 134% of 221%, trading prices ranging from $.056 per share
to $0.1 per share and a conversion price ranging from $0.03 per share to $0.045 per share. The total derivative liabilities associated
with these notes are $3,044,859 at September 30, 2016. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

(1)  
       
      At the option of the holder the convertible note may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at the lesser of $0.40 or 20% discount to the market price, as defined, of the Company s common stock. The Company is currently in discussions with the lender on a payment schedule.   

Accrued interest on this note
that was charged to operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 totaled approximately $935. The balance of the convertible
note at September 30, 2016 including accrued interest and net of the discount amounted to $15,260. 

The Company valued the derivative
liabilities at September 30, 2016 at $18,582. The Company recognized a change in the fair value of derivative liabilities for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 of $166, which were credited to operations.  In determining the indicated values at
September 30, 2016, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with risk-free interest rates ranging from 0.018% to 0.02%,
volatility ranging from 134% to 336%, a trading price of $.07, and conversion price of $.03 per share.  

(3)  

On December 31, 2015 the Company renegotiated twelve (12) convertible and
        non-convertible notes payable. The Total face value of the notes issued was $888,500 the six month notes were due on December
        31, 2015. The new notes are convertible after January 1, 2016 and are convertible into the Company s common stock at a
        conversion rate of $0.03 per share. The market value of the stock at the date when the debt becomes convertible was $0.087.
        The debt was issued is a result of a financing transaction and contain a derivative liability feature. As of December 31,
        2015, the balance was $947,311. In determining the indicated value of the convertible note issued, the Company used the Black
        Scholes Option Model with a risk-free interest rate of ranging from 0.05% to 1.06%, volatility ranging from 134% of 221%,
        trading prices ranging from $.056 per share to $0.11 per share and a conversion price ranging from $0.03 per share to $0.04
        per share. The total derivative liabilities associated with these notes are $1,270,606 at September 30, 2016.   

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

(7)  
       
      On July 27, 2015 the company issued a note payable for $28,500 The Company agrees to pay to the Holder $28,500 plus accrued interest pursuant to the following schedule: An initial payment of $5,000 is due no later than December 1, 2015. This amount represents the balance of the security deposit due for the lease of Commercial/Manufacturing Space occupied by MJAI Oregon 1, LLC, a majority-owned subsidiary of the company.   A final payment of $23,500 principal, plus any accrued Interest at 10% is due no later than April 1, 2016. This amount represents the balance of accrued rent due for the initial monthly lease payments from August 1, 2015 through June 30, 2016   The note is convertible after June 30, 2016 and is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion rate of $0.10 per share or 20% discount to the thirty-day moving average stock price.   

NOTE 5 - NOTES PAYABLE   

A-Non Related Party  

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

B-Related Pa rty 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 6   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

The Company has 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock authorized with a par value of $0.001, of which 100,000 shares have been designated as Series C convertible preferred stock
( Series C  or  Series C preferred stock ). The Board has the authority to issue the shares in one or more
series and to fix the designations, preferences, powers and other rights, as it deems appropriate. 

Each share of Series C has 433.9297 votes on
any matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company and is entitled to dividends equal to the dividends of 433.9297
shares of common stock. Each share of Series C preferred stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into 433.9297
shares of common stock. 

The Company has 250,000,000 shares of common
stock authorized with a par value of $0.001. Each share of common stock has one vote per share for the election of directors and
all other items submitted to a vote of stockholders. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights, preemptive, redemption
or conversion rights. 

In January of 2016 the Company received $100,000
from the sale of 2,222,222 restricted common shares of Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock to an accredited investor that is a current shareholder
of the company. 

In February of 2016 the Company issued 4,200,000
restricted common shares of Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock to an accredited investor that is a current shareholder of the company
 as a conversion of $126,000 Note Payable due January 1, 2017. 

In February of 2016 the Company issued 

In April of 2016 the Company issued 150,000 restricted common shares of
Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock to an accredited investor that is a current shareholder of the company as a payment of interest on
a Note Payable due January 1, 2017. 

In April of 2016 the Company issued 1,200,249 common shares of Kaya Holdings, Inc.
stock to an accredited investor that is a current shareholder of the company as a conversion of preferred stock of 2,766
shares. On the same date the shareholder returned 2,454 preferred shares to be cancelled. 

In June of 2016 the Company authorized the
issuance of 100,000 restricted common shares of Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock as payment of consulting fees. The shares were valued
at $7,610. 

In September of 2016 the Company issued 2,300,000
of common shares of Kaya Holdings Inc. stock for director fees. The shares were valued at $161,000 

In September of 2016 the Company authorized the issuance of 6,825,000 shares of
common shares of Kaya Holdings Inc. for employees compensation, legal and consulting fees from the Kaya Holdings, Inc 2011
Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. The shares were valued at $477,750 

In September of 2016 the Company issued 1,486,111 restricted common shares of
Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock to an accredited investor that is a current shareholder of the company  as a conversion of 2 notes
totalling $50,000 due January 1, 2017. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

Note 7 Derivative Liabilities  

The Company identified conversion features
embedded within convertible debt and issued in 2013 and subsequent periods. The Company has determined that the features associated
with the embedded conversion option, in the form a ratchet provision, should be accounted for at fair value, as a derivative liability,
as the Company cannot determine if a sufficient number of shares would be available to settle all potential future conversion transactions. 

Additionally, due to a recognition of tainting,
due to shares not being held in reserve in 2014 all convertible notes are considered to have a derivative liability, therefore
the Company accounted for these Notes under ASC Topic 815-15  Embedded Derivative.   The derivative component
of the obligation is initially valued and classified as a derivative liability with an offset to discounts on convertible debt.
Discounts are amortized to interest expense over the respective term of the related note. In determining the indicated value of
the convertible note issued, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with a risk-free interest rate of ranging from 0.05%
to 1.06%, volatility ranging from 134% of 221%, trading prices ranging from $.056 per share to $0.1 per share and a conversion
price ranging from $0.03 per share to $0.04 per share. 

As a result of the application of ASC No. 815,
the fair value of the ratchet feature related to convertible debt and warrants is summarized as follow:  

The fair value at the commitment and re-measurement
dates for the Company s derivative liabilities were based upon the following management assumptions as September 30, 2016: 

The Company recorded the
debt discount to the extent of the gross proceeds raised, and expensed immediately the remaining fair value of the derivative liability,
as it exceeded the gross proceeds of the note.   

The Company recorded a derivative
expense of $-0- and $129,340 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 

The Company recorded a change
in the value of embedded derivative liabilities income/(expense) of $ 181,986 and $1,895,656 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Kaya Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 8 Warrants  

On May 9, 2016 the Company received a total
of $75,000 from an accredited investor in exchange for a two year note in the aggregate amount of $75,000 with interest accruing
at 10%. The note holder is entitled to subscribe for and purchase from the company 2,371,187 paid and non-assessable shares of
the Common Stock at the price of $0.0316297 per share (the  Warrant Exercise Price ) for a period of five (5) years
commencing from the earlier of such time as that certain $75,000, 10% promissory note due May 9, 2018 has been fully repaid or
the start of the Acceleration Period as defined in  The Note  or May 9, 2018. 

On May 17, 2016 the Company received a total
of $75,000 from an accredited investor in exchange for a two year note in the aggregate amount of $75,000 with interest accruing
at 10%. The note holder is entitled to subscribe for and purchase from the company 2,371,187 paid and non-assessable shares of
the Common Stock at the price of $0.0316297 per share (the  Warrant Exercise Price ) for a period of five (5) years
commencing from the earlier of such time as that certain $75,000, 10% promissory note due May 17 2018 has been fully repaid or
the start of the Acceleration Period as defined in  The Note  or May 17, 2018. 

NOTE 9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company has agreements covering certain
of its management personnel. Such agreements provide for minimum compensation levels and are subject to annual adjustment. 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer
holds 50,000 shares of its Series C preferred stock. These shares can be converted into 21,696,485 shares of the Company s
common stock at his option. 

The Company s largest stockholder
has from time to time provided unsecured loans to the Company, which is due on demand and bear interest at 10%. See Note 4 for
the detail of the convertible and non-convertible debt with a face value of $750,000  

NOTE 10 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

In October of 2016 the Company received $10,000 from the issuance
of 200,000 of common shares 

In October of 2016 the Company received $15,000 from the issuance
of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 10%. The Note and Interest is convertible into common shares at $0.03 per share. Note
is Due in January of 2018 

In November of 2016 the Company received $200,000 from the issuance
of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 12%. The Note and Interest is convertible into common shares at $0.03 per share. Note
is Due in January of 2018 

In November of 2016 the Company received $60,000 from the issuance
of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 10%. The Note and Interest is convertible into common shares at $0.03 per share. Note
is Due in January of 2018 

In November of 2016 the Company issued 6,825,000 common shares of Kaya Holdings
Inc for employee compensation and legal and consulting fees. The shares had previously been authorized for issuance in
September 2016.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the
terms  Kaya Holdings,   KAYS,   the Company,   we,   us  and  our 
refer to Kaya Holdings, Inc.. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.  

Forward-Looking Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than
statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects or future results of operations or
financial condition, made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes,
expects, future, intends and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management s
current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including
those risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ( SEC ). These risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties could cause our
actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q reflect the beliefs of our management on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly
any forward-looking statements for any reason.  

Business Overview   

Our corporate office is located at 305 South
Andrews Avenue, Suite 209, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33301. Our website is www.kayaholdings.com. Information contained on our
website does not constitute part of this Annual Report.  

Kaya Holdings was incorporated in Delaware
in 1993 under the name Gourmet Market, Inc. and has engaged in a number of businesses. Its name was changed on May 11, 2007 to
Netspace International Holdings, Inc. ( Netspace ). Netspace acquired 100% of the capital stock of Alternative Fuels
Americas, Inc., a Florida corporation in January 2010 in a stock-for-stock transaction and issued 100,000 shares of Series C convertible
preferred stock to existing shareholders of the Florida corporation. The Company s name was changed in October 2010 Netspace
International Holdings, Inc. to Alternative Fuels Americas, Inc.  

From 2010 to 2014 the Company was engaged
in seeking to develop a biofuels business. In January 2014 the Company determined that it was in the best interests of its stockholders
to discontinue its biofuel development activities, and to instead leverage its agricultural and business development experience
and focus all its resources on the development of legal medical and recreational marijuana opportunities in the United States
and in select international markets.  

Legal Medical and Recreational Marijuana
Operations in Oregon   

In 2014, KAYS incorporated a subsidiary,
Marijuana Holdings Americas, Inc. a Florida corporation ( MJAI ). Through MJAI, KAYS has focused on the development
of opportunities within the legal recreational and medical marijuana sectors in the United States. In March 2014, MJAI, through
an Oregon subsidiary, applied for and was awarded its first license to operate a Medical Marijuana Dispensary ( MMD ).
The Company developed the Kaya Shack  brand for its retail operations and on July 3, 2014 opened its first Kaya Shack 
Medical Marijuana Dispensary in Portland, Oregon, thereby becoming the first US publicly traded company to own and operate an
MMD. In March 2015, the Company changed its name to Kaya Holdings, Inc. to better reflect its new plan of operations.  

In April 2015 KAYS commenced its own medical
marijuana grow operations for the cultivation and harvesting of legal marijuana, thereby becoming the first US publicly traded
company to own a majority interest in a vertically integrated legal marijuana enterprise in the United States. The Company opened
its second MMD (and first Kaya Shack  Marijuana Superstore) in October 2015 in Salem, Oregon. During 2015, the Company also
consolidated its grow operations and manufacturing operations into a single facility in Portland, Oregon. In October 2015, Oregon
commenced legal recreational marijuana sales, which are initially being conducted solely through State Licensed MMDs, including
those operated by the Company. In April, 2016 the Company entered into leases and filed initial OHA license applications for its
next two planned retain outlets in Salem Oregon, bringing the total existing and planned operations to 4 retail operations and
one production and processing facility.  

In 2016 Oregon began the process to transition
from Oregon Health Authority (OHA) licensed medical marijuana dispensaries and grow operations to Oregon Liquor Control Commission
(OLCC) licensed recreational marijuana licensed stores and producer and processing facilities.     

The Company has pursued a strategy of attempting
to secure future OLCC licenses by first filing renewals for OHA licenses for existing locations and filing initial OHA license
applications for new locations, with follow up license OLCC applications for all locations. As of the date of this filing the
Company s two operating medical marijuana dispensaries that are able to also conduct recreational sales (Portland, Oregon
and South Salem, Oregon) have filed renewals of their OHA licenses (Portland location has both OHA and City renewals through May
2017 and South Salem is pending OHA renewal and has City of Salem approval). The Company s two new retail locations in North
and Central Salem, Oregon have received initial OHA conditional license approvals and also have pending OLCC license applications.
The Company s marijuana manufacturing and production facility in Portland has requisite OHA medical marijuana licenses to
operate through January of 2017, and also has pending OLCC license applications.  

Based on recent interaction with the OLCC
and the City of Salem, the Company anticipates receiving final license approvals for the 3 Salem locations over the next 2 months.
However, while the Company anticipates receiving OLCC license approval for its pending OLCC license applications in Portland,
the City of Portland has so far denied approval for the Company to transition both its MMD and its grow to full OLCC operations
(as it initially did for the recent OHA renewal until the Company brought suit in State Court).  

Local Counsel believes that the Company
will prevail in securing licensing for the Portland store and grow/manufacturing facilities, but there can be no assurance that
this will happen. Accordingly, the Company is actively seeking other locations within Portland to relocate its one Portland retail
location (if necessary), and is also looking for larger space to move its grow and manufacturing facility (whether in Portland
or elsewhere, including Southern Oregon). The Company has made all capital improvements and equipment purchases for its grow/manufacturing
facility in a manner that would allow for relocation to another facility if necessary, and has expanded its vendor supplier network
so as to provide for any operational supply interruption that the transition would require.  

Additionally, the Company is actively seeking
the expansion of operations in Oregon through either acquisition of current retail and grow/manufacturing operations, or securing
new space and filing for new OLCC licenses.  

The Kaya Shack Brand   

Kaya Holdings operates the Kaya Shack 
brand of medical marijuana dispensaries.  

Dubbed by the mainstream press as the  Starbucks
of Marijuana  after our first store opened in July, 2014, our operating concept is simple to deliver a consistent customer
experience (quality products, fair prices and superior customer service) to a broad and diverse base of customers. Kaya Shack 
meets the quality needs of the  marijuana enthusiast , the comfort and atmosphere of all including  soccer moms 
and the price sensitivities of casual smokers.  

The Kaya Shack  brand communicates
positive thinking and joy, with signs adorning the walls that read  It s a Good Day to have a Good Day  and
 Some of our Happiest Days Haven t Even Happened Yet  , and our signature  Be Kind  .  

Kaya Shack  Stores are open 7 days
a week from 8:00 am to 9:00 pm. Operations follow an operational manual that details procedures for 18 areas of operation including
safety, compliance, store opening, store closing, merchandising, handling of cash, inventory control, product intake, store appearance
and employee conduct.  

In compliance with regulations, all marijuana
and marijuana infused products sold through our stores are quality tested by independent labs to assure adherence to strict quality
and purity standards.  

Our two currently operating locations operate
as medical marijuana dispensaries (MMDs), and as of October 1, 2015 they became licensed to offer recreational sales pursuant
to a bill passed by both Houses of the Oregon Legislature. When recreational licenses are available in 2016 we will apply for
retail sales licenses for bothl locations but still intend to service our medical marijuana patients as the law permits. We intend
to open at least two additional retail outlets in Oregon during 2016, and in April 2016 entered into leases and filed increased
applications for the next 2 locations.  

CBS Oregon Affiliate KOIN Channel 6 Television
News featured Kaya Holdings and the Kaya Shack  Retail Marijuana Store in Portland, Oregon on the eve of recreational sales,
and spotlighted the company s stock and status as the first fully reporting US Public Company to commence legal recreational
marijuana sales.  

Kaya Shack Store locations   

I. Kaya ShackTM , 1719 SE Hawthorne Blvd.,
Portland, Oregon    

Our flagship Hawthorne Boulevard Store opened
July 3, 2014. The location is prime Portland real estate, located in an area that many term as  the Greenwich Village of
Portland .  

The Portland facility rotates through approximately
100 different strains throughout the year and in any given month features over 35 popular strains of marijuana with some proprietary
strains testing in excess of 28%. Our stores also feature various concentrates, including butane hash oil (B.H.O.) and CO2 oil
extract (wax, shatter) which range in potency from approximately 40% to over 80% THC, as well as high grade Oils and Tinctures,
high CBD   low THC strains and  Kaya Candies ,  Kaya Caramels  and an assortment of cookies and
cakes for patients who do not smoke.  

II. Kaya Shack TM Marijuana Superstore,
South Salem, Oregon    

Our second location (the first Kaya ShackTM
Marijuana Superstore) opened for business on October 17, 2015 in South Salem, Oregon in time to take advantage of early recreational
sales.  

The store is located in first class strip
mall space adjacent to  Little Caesars Pizza  and  Aaron Rents , with a footprint roughly three times
the size of our first Kaya ShackTM in Portland. The location and floorplan was carefully chosen with an eye towards concept expansion
to enhance revenues and broaden branding opportunities.  

III.   Kaya ShackTM Marijuana Superstore,
North Salem, Oregon   

Our third Kaya ShackTM is targeted to open
in late 2016/ early 2017 in North Salem, Oregon.  

As with the South Salem Store, the location
is first class space, adjacent to Starbucks Coffee and has a footprint of approximately 2600 square feet. This will be our largest
location yet and will be our intended  Marijuana Superstore  model going forward. In addition to the benefits of our
South Salem store, this location was chosen with an eye towards completing market penetration of the Salem Metropolitan Area which
hosts a population of approximately 400,000 people. We also intend to expand our product offerings here as well as utilize the
additional space to host community events we hope will help make the Kaya ShackTM a destination for cannabis consumers.  

IV.
Kaya ShackTM Marijuana Superstore, Central Salem, Oregon    

   Our fourth Kaya ShackTM is also targeted
to open late 2016/ early 2017 in Central Salem, Oregon.  

As with the other Salem Stores the location
is first class space, adjacent to fast food stores and nearby popular national retail chain stores. It also has a footprint of
approximately 2600 square feet and will be constructed using our  Marijuana Superstore  model.  

Nationwide Expansion, Other markets   

We further believe that revenues and profitability
will be enhanced through our planned opening of additional retail outlets in our chain, as well as economies of scale achieved
by being a multi-location retail chain and being vertically integrated with our grow and manufacturing operations. Ultimately,
we believe that we can successfully enter other markets as they open up by applying our  brand  retail chain and vertically
integrated grow and manufacture model to other states that legalize recreational marijuana use.  

On November 8, 2016 California, Maine, Massachusetts
and Nevada voted to legalize recreational marijuana, while Arkansas, Florida and North Dakota approved medical cannabis initiatives.
Montana, which legalized medical marijuana in 2004, also passed a measure to set up commercial cultivation operations and dispensaries.  

The California Recreational Cannabis market
is by far the largest potential market in the country, and our operations in Oregon allow for a natural progression and expansion
down the I-5 corridor into California. Florida could be huge as well, and KAYS would have a distinct advantage here in that we
are one of the few entities in existence in Florida that have experience owning and operating medical marijuana dispensaries,
grows and retail cannabis stores.  

These markets are substantial, and their
development could lead to $7 billion-$8 billion in additional annual retail cannabis sales, according to Marijuana Business Daily s
preliminary estimates.  

Kaya Farms   

Kaya Farms Cannabis Testing Results   

Following pages: recent test results from
our latest crops, as well as the  Kaya Blend  every-day-value         

Critical Accounting Estimates   

The following are deemed to be the most
significant accounting estimates affecting us and our results of operations:  

Fair value of financial instruments   

The Company follows the provisions of ASC
820. This Topic defines fair value, establishes a measurement framework and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
We apply these provisions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments including cash, accounts payable and accrued
expenses, and notes payable.  

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes in
accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, as clarified by ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.
Our deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement
and tax basis of assets and liabilities given the provisions of enacted tax laws. Deferred income tax provisions and benefits
are based on changes to the assets or liabilities from year to year. In providing for deferred taxes, the Company considers tax
regulations of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning
strategies. If tax regulations, operating results or the ability to implement tax-planning strategies vary, adjustments to the
carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities may be required. Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax
assets based on the  more likely than not  criteria of ASC 740.  

The Company recognizes the financial statement
benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position
following an audit. For tax positions meeting the  more-likely-than-not  threshold, the amount recognized in the financial
statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
the relevant tax authority.  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

There are no recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
( AICPA ), and the SEC believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial
statements.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

Results of Operations   

Three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to three months ended September 30, 2015    

   and
the  nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015    

Revenues   

We had revenues of $263,435 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to revenues of $32,765 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and
revenues of $754,093 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to revenues of $90,597 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The significant increases in revenues in the 2016 periods from the comparable periods in 2015,
reflects revenues from legal recreational marijuana sales, which commenced on October 1, 2015 and revenues generated from our
second retail outlet, the Kaya Shack  Marijuana Superstore which we opened in October 2015, as compared to the operation
of only our initial Kaya Shack  outlet in the first quarter of 2015.  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased to $109,417 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $121,305 for the three months ended September 30,
2015 and increased to $338,073 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $268,322 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. These increases reflect our increased level of operations, including operation of two dispensaries in the
2016 periods as compared to a single retail outlet in the 2015 periods. In addition, the increases in selling general and administrative
expenses from the 2015 periods to the 2016 periods are attributable, in part, to the establishment and operation of our growing
and manufacturing operations.  

Professional   

Professional fees were  $815,508
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $124,050  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Professional fees were  $1,205,293 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $734,260 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases reflect additional employee, licensing and regulatory compliance costs
arising from our increase level of retail operations, as well as out establishment of grow and manufacturing
operations.  

Interest expense   

Interest expense and debt amortization
expense increased to $451,512 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $537,556 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, Interest expense and debt amortization expense increased to  $1,174,176 for the  nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $862,930 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases reflect additional debt
incurred to fund expansion of our operations.   

Net Income (Loss)   

We incurred a net loss of
$1,122,694 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and net loss of $960,825 for the  nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to net losses of $1,115,775 and $2,715,487 for the three and  nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.  

The majority of our net
loss during the  nine month period ending  September 30, 2016 $960,825 was a result of the derivative liabilities from the
conversion of debt in the  nine months ended September 30, 2016 and from the stabilization of our stock prices the reduces
the volatility factors used in the derivative calculations.  

Ultimately, we believe that we can successfully
enter other markets as they open up by applying our  brand  retail chain and vertically integrated grow and manufacture
model to other states that legalize recreational marijuana use.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company raised a total of $575,000 through the private sale of debt and equity securities. Management
recognizes the Company s current financial difficulties that, at September 30, 2016, include a working capital
deficiency of $2,817,672 and limited cash. Moreover, we acknowledge that our financial position at September 30, 2016,
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. However, management believes that
its proposed plan of operation is strong. Our plan recognizes the Company s needs to generate working capital to
successfully develop its operations towards the goal of successfully operating in the legal recreational and medical
marijuana sectors.  

Further, we realize that may not be successful
in raising additional capital, and even assuming that we raise additional funds, the Company may not achieve profitability or
positive cash flow. If we are not able to timely and successfully raise additional capital and/or achieve profitability or positive
cash flow, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not applicable.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures    

Under the direction of Chief Executive Officer
and Acting Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting officer), we evaluated our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September30, 2016. Our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive,
financial and accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30,
2016.  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting officer), as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily
was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  

As required by SEC Rule 13a15(b), we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Acting Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of our fourth fiscal quarter covered by this report. Based
on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive, financial and accounting
officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. It should be noted that the design of any system
of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.  

Changes in Internal Controls    

There was no change in our internal controls
or in other factors that could affect these controls during the quarter ended June 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. We do not anticipate any changes to
our internal controls at this time.  

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

UPDATE   

On June 22, 2016, Daniel A. Goldin and Wally
Goldin commenced an action in Oregon Circuit Court, Multnomah County, against the Company, MJAI, its direct majority-owned subsidiary,
Craig Frank, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, William David Jones, a consultant to our Company and BMN Capital
Group, LLC (the    Action   ). The plaintiffs allege breach of contract, state securities fraud and state racketeering
claims against the defendants arising from alleged misrepresentations made in subscription agreements with the Company entered
into in October 2015 and January 2016 by Daniel A. Goldin and Wally Goldin, respectively, pursuant to which they each purchased
2,222,222    restricted    shares of our common stock for $100,000 in a private transaction. In addition, Daniel
A. Goldin alleges that the Company breached a purported employment agreement with him pursuant to which he was purportedly to
be compensated for working in our Oregon operations through a combination of cash and stock. The Plaintiffs are seeking damages
in excess of $1.7 million.  

The Company believes that the claims and
allegations set forth in the complaint filed in the Action are without merit and contain factual misstatements, and that the Company
possesses documentation to establish that the plaintiffs  investments were not solicited by the Company but that plaintiff
Daniel A. Goldin unilaterally contacted the Company and represented himself as an    accredited investor    with
expertise in the marijuana industry and proposed an investment in the Company.  

The Company moved to dismiss all the claims. To date, the Court has dismissed one
of two securities fraud claims and the racketeering claim (with leave for the plaintiffs to amend). In addition, the Court
dismissed Daniel A. Goldin s claim for stock compensation of approximately $200,000, on the basis that the agreement
for such compensation provided for exclusive jurisdiction for dispute resolution in Florida. Although the Court allowed Mr.
Goldin s claim for cash compensation to stand, this reduces the Company s exposure on his compensation claims to
approximately $40,000. Although the plaintiffs have asked the Court for an extension of time to file an amended complaint,
they have not indicated whether they will do so. In any event, the Company intends to vigorously defend against any claims
which do proceed and continues to evaluate possible counter-claims against the plaintiffs. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

See   Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds . 

During the
quarter ending September 30, 2016 the Company issued the following convertible debt and equity:  

On July 13,
2016, the Company received $50,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 12%. The Note and Interest is
convertible into common shares at $0.03 per share. Note is Due in January of 2018. In determining the indicated values at September
30, 2016, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with risk free interest rates ranging from 0.41% to 0.41%, volatility
ranging from 134% to 157%, a trading price of $.07 and conversion price of $.03 per share.  

On August
30, 2016, the Company received $50,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 12% The Note and Interest
is convertibleinto common shares at $0.03 per share. Note is Due in January of 2018. In determining the indicated values at September
30, 2016, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with riskfree interest rates ranging from 0.41% to 0.41%, volatility
ranging from 134% to 157%, a trading price of $.07 and conversion price of $.03 per share.  

On September
13, 2016, the Company received $25,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Interest is stated at 12%. The Note and Interest
is convertible into common shares at $0.03 per share. Note is Due in January of 2018. In determining the indicated values at September
30, 2016, the Company used the Black Scholes Option Model with risk free interest rates ranging from 0.41% to 0.41%, volatility
ranging from 134% to 157%, a trading price of $.07 and conversion price of $.03 per share.  

In September
of 2016 the Company issued 2,300,000 of common shares of Kaya Holdings Inc. stock for director fees. The shares were valued at
$161,000.  

In September
of 2016 the Company authorized the issuance of 6,825,000 shares of common shares of Kaya Holdings Inc. for employees compensation,
legal and consulting fees. The shares were valued at $477,750, and were subsequently issued in November of 2016.  

In September
of 2016 the Company issued 1,486,111 restricted common shares of Kaya Holdings, Inc. stock to an accredited investor that is a
current shareholder of the company as a conversion of two notes totaling $50,000 that were due January 1, 2017.  

These securities
were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded
by Section 4 (a) (2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder.  

For more information
please refer to Note 6 Stockholder s Equity and Note 10 Subsequent Events in the preceding financial statements that are
part of this 10-Q filing.  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not applicable.  

Item 5. Other Information.   

None      

Item 6. Exhibits   

SIGNATURES   

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.     

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
         
      KAYA
    HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
       /s/
    Craig Frank    

Craig
    Frank, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief   

Executive
    Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kaya10q111616ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Craig Frank, Chairman of the Board, President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Acting Financial Officer of Kaya Holdings, Inc. (the    Registrant   ), certify
that: 

1.  
         
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  September 30, 2016 of the Registrant (the    Report 
     )         

2.  
         
      Based
    on my knowledge, the Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by the Report    

3.  
         
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in the Report, fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
    in the Report    

4.  
         
      I
    am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a15
    (e) and 15d15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13aa15 (f) and 15d15 (f)
    for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  
         
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Report is being prepared    

(b)  
         
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles    

(c)  
         
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in the Report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by the Report based
    on such evaluation  and   

(d)  
         
      disclosed
    in the Report any change in the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
    fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
    control over financial reporting.   

5.  
         
      I
    have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors
    and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
         
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely
    to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information  and    

(b)  
         
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's
    internal controls.   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
         
      KAYA
    HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
       /s/
    Craig Frank    

Craig
    Frank, Chairman of the Board, President,   

Chief
    Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 kaya10q111616ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT  

  TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Kaya Holdings, Inc. (the
   Company   ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the    Report   ), I, Craig Frank, Chairman of the Board, President,
Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) of the
Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to
the best of my knowledge, that: 

1.  
         
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  and   

2.  
         
      The
    information contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
         
      KAYA
    HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
       /s/
    Craig Frank    

Craig
    Frank, Chairman of the Board, President,   

Chief
    Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 afai-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 afai-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 afai-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 afai-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 afai-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 afai-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

