<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1412665_0001412665-16-000202_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22188530</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207158</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>788844</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9019767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9600106</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2124421</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>72</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001412665-16-000202.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103121032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001412665-16-000202
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				421206172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35968
		FILM NUMBER:		161970790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 SOUTH CLINTON ST.
		CITY:			IOWA CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		319-356-5800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 SOUTH CLINTON ST.
		CITY:			IOWA CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ISB Financial Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001412665-16-000202.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 midwestone09301610q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR  

For the transition period from                  to                

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Iowa 
    42-1206172 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

102 South Clinton Street  
  Iowa City, IA 52240  
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
  319-356-5800  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      x    Yes      o    No  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes      o    No  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                       Large accelerated filer 
       o 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
       o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      o    Yes      x    No  
    
  As of   November 1, 2016  , there were   11,435,860   shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
  Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 
  Table of Contents 

Page No. 
      PART I 

Item 1. 
      
     Financial Statements  
      
     1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
     1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      
     2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
      
     3 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity  
      
     4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
     5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
     7 

Item 2. 
      
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
     36 

Item 3. 
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      
     58 

Item 4. 
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
     61 

Part II 

Item 1. 
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
     63 

Item 1A. 
      
     Risk Factors  
      
     63 

Item 2. 
      
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
     63 

Item 3. 
      
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
     63 

Item 4. 
      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
     63 

Item 5. 
      
     Other Information  
      
     63 

Item 6. 
      
     Exhibits  
      
     64 

Signatures  
      
     65 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.   Financial Statements. 

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
  
    1 

Table of Contents  

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.    
  
    2 

Table of Contents  

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.    

3 

Table of Contents  

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.       
  
    4 

Table of Contents  

MIDWEST  ONE   FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

5 

     Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
  
    6 

Table of Contents  

MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (Unaudited)  

1.    Principles of Consolidation and   Presentation 
  MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. (the  Company,  which is also referred to herein as  we,   our  or  us ) is an Iowa corporation incorporated in 1983, a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and a financial holding company under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Our principal executive offices are located at 102 South Clinton Street, Iowa City, Iowa 52240. 
  The Company owns   all   of the common stock of MidWest  One   Bank, an Iowa state non-member bank chartered in 1934 with its main office in Iowa City, Iowa (the  Bank ), and   all   of the common stock of MidWest  One   Insurance Services, Inc., Oskaloosa, Iowa. We operate primarily through our bank subsidiary, MidWest  One   Bank, and MidWest  One   Insurance Services, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary that operates an insurance agency business through six offices located in central and east-central Iowa. 
  On May 1, 2015, the Company completed its merger with Central Bancshares, Inc. ( Central ), pursuant to which Central was merged with and into the Company. In connection with the merger, Central Bank, a Minnesota-chartered commercial bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of Central, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On April 1, 2016, Central Bank merged with and into MidWest  One   Bank. 
  The Company issued   2,723,083   shares of common stock and paid   $64.0 million   in cash, for total consideration of   $141.9 million  , in connection with the holding company merger. The results of operations acquired from Central have been included in the Company s results of operations for the time period since the date of acquisition. 
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not include all the information and notes necessary for complete financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ). The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is written with the presumption that the users of the interim financial statements have read or have access to the most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, which contains the latest audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as of   December 31, 2015   and for the year then ended. Management believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In the opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position as of   September 30, 2016  , and the results of operations and cash flows for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect: (1) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (2) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and (3) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on information available to management at the time the estimates are made. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The results for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   may not be indicative of results for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , or for any other period.  
  All significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the quarterly financial statements are disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in banks, and federal funds sold. 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods  consolidated financial statements to present them on a basis comparable with the current period s consolidated financial statements. 

2.    Business Combination 
  On May 1, 2015, the Company acquired   all   of the voting equity interests of Central, a bank holding company and the parent company of Central Bank, a commercial bank headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota, through the merger of Central with and into the Company. Among other things, this transaction provided the Company with the opportunity to expand its business into new markets and grow the size of the business. At the effective time of the merger, each share of common stock of Central converted into a pro rata portion of (1)   2,723,083   shares of common stock of the Company, and (2)   $64.0 million   in cash. 
  
    7 

     Table of Contents  

This business combination was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the results of operations of Central have been included in the Company s results of operations since the date of acquisition. Under this method of accounting, assets and liabilities acquired are recorded at their estimated fair values. The excess cost over fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. As the consideration paid for Central exceeded the net assets acquired, goodwill of   $64.7 million   has been recorded on the acquisition. Goodwill recorded in this transaction reflects the entry into the geographically new markets served by Central. Goodwill recorded in the transaction is not tax deductible. The amounts recognized for the business combination in the financial statements have been determined to be final as of March 31, 2016. 
  Estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Central transaction, as of the closing date of the transaction, were as follows: 

Purchased loans acquired in a business combination are recorded and initially measured at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. Credit discounts are included in the determination of fair value. An allowance for loan losses is not carried over. These purchased loans are segregated into two types: purchased credit impaired loans and purchased non-credit impaired loans without evidence of significant credit deterioration. 
             
    Purchased credit impaired loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30    Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality    as they display significant credit deterioration since origination and it is probable, as of the acquisition date, that the Company will be unable to collect all contractually required payments from the borrower.  
                
    Purchased non-credit impaired loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-20    Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs    as these loans do not have evidence of significant credit deterioration since origination and it is probable all contractually required payments will be received from the borrower.  
     For purchased non-credit impaired loans, the difference between the estimated fair value of the loans (computed on a loan-by-loan basis) and the principal outstanding is accreted over the remaining life of the loans.  
  
    8 

     Table of Contents  

For purchased credit impaired loans the difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the non-accretable difference. Further, any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized into interest income over the expected remaining life of the loan if the timing and amount of the future cash flows are reasonably estimable. Subsequent to the purchase date, increases in cash flows over those expected at the purchase date are recognized as interest income prospectively. The present value of any decreases in expected cash flows after the purchase date is recognized by recording an allowance for credit losses and a provision for loan losses. 
  The following table presents the purchased loans as of the acquisition date: 

(1) Included in the accretable discount for purchased non-credit impaired loans is approximately   $10.4 million   of estimated undiscounted principal losses. 
  Disclosures required by ASC 805-20-50-1(a) concerning the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ) indemnification assets have not been included due to the immateriality of the amount involved. See Note 6.  Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Loan Losses  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the FDIC indemnification asset.  
  ASC 805-30-30-7 requires that the consideration transfered in a business combination should be measured at fair value. Since the common shares issued as part of the consideration of the merger included a restriction on their sale, pledge or other disposition, an illiquidity discount has been assigned to the shares based upon the volatility of the underlying shares  daily returns and the period of restriction. 
  The Company recorded   $0.2 million   and   $0.2 million   in pretax merger-related expenses for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $4.2 million   and   $3.4 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   these expenses included data processing fees of   $0.1 million  . This amount is included in data processing fees in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the expenses included professional and legal fees of   $0.2 million  . This amount is included in professional fees in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, merger-related expenses included   $0.3 million   and   $1.9 million   of professional and legal fees,   $1.7 million   and   $0.5 million   of retention and severance compensation costs, and   $1.9 million   of data processing service contract termination costs for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , which are included in data processing expense. 
  The following table provides the unaudited pro forma information for the results of operations for the   three and nine months   ended    September 30, 2015  , as if the acquisition had occurred January 1, 2015. The pro forma results combine the historical results of Central into the Company s consolidated statement of income including the impact of certain purchase accounting adjustments, including loan discount accretion, investment securities discount accretion, intangible assets amortization, deposit premium accretion and borrowing discount amortization. The pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have been obtained had the acquisition actually occurred on January 1, 2015. No assumptions have been applied to the pro forma results of operations regarding possible revenue enhancements, expense efficiencies or asset dispositions. Net income in the table below includes merger expenses. 

The pro forma information above excludes the impact of any provision recorded related to renewing Central loans.  
  
    9 

     Table of Contents  

Revenues and earnings of the acquired company for the current period have not been disclosed as it is not practicable because Central Bank was merged into MidWest  One   Bank on April 1, 2016, and separate financial information is not readily available. 

3.    Shareholders  Equity 
  Preferred Stock:   The number of authorized shares of preferred stock for the Company is   500,000  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   none   were issued or outstanding. 
  Common Stock  : As of   September 30, 2016  , the number of authorized shares of common stock for the Company was   15,000,000  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   11,435,860   shares were outstanding.  
  On May 1, 2015, in connection with the Central merger, the Company issued   2,723,083   shares of its common stock. On June 22, 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional accredited investors, pursuant to which, on June 23, 2015, the Company sold an aggregate of   300,000   newly issued shares of the Company s common stock, at a purchase price of   $28.00   per share. Each of the purchasers was an existing shareholder of the Company. 
  On   July 21, 2016  , the board of directors of the Company approved a share repurchase program, allowing for the repurchase of up to   $5.0 million   of stock through   December 31, 2018  . During the   third   quarter of   2016   the Company repurchased   no   common stock. Of the   $5.0 million   of stock authorized under the repurchase plan,   $5.0 million   remained available for possible future repurchases as of   September 30, 2016  . 

4.    Earnings per Share 
  Basic per-share amounts are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator). Diluted per-share amounts assume issuance of all common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of other securities, unless the effect is to reduce the loss or increase the income per common share from continuing operations. 
  The following table presents the computation of earnings per common share for the respective periods: 

10 

Table of Contents  

5.    Investment Securities 
  The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities available for sale, with gross unrealized gains and losses, are as follows:  

The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities held to maturity, with gross unrealized gains and losses, are as follows:  

11 

     Table of Contents  

Investment securities with a carrying value of   $164.6 million   and   $321.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged on public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes, as required or permitted by law. 
  The summary of investment securities shows that some of the securities in the available for sale and held to maturity investment portfolios had unrealized losses, or were temporarily impaired, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . This temporary impairment represents the estimated amount of loss that would be realized if the securities were sold on the valuation date.  
  The following tables present information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position:     

12 

     Table of Contents  

The Company's assessment of other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI") is based on its reasonable judgment of the specific facts and circumstances impacting each individual security at the time such assessments are made. The Company reviews and considers factual information, including expected cash flows, the structure of the security, the creditworthiness of the issuer, the type of underlying assets and the current and anticipated market conditions. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations portfolios consisted of securities predominantly backed by one- to four-family mortgage loans and underwritten to the standards of and guaranteed by the following government-sponsored agencies: the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association, and the Government National Mortgage Association. The receipt of principal, at par, and interest on mortgage-backed securities is guaranteed by the respective government-sponsored agency guarantor, such that the Company believes that its mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations do not expose the Company to credit-related losses.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   58%   of the municipal bonds held by the Company were Iowa-based, and approximately   21%   were Minnesota-based. The Company does not intend to sell these municipal obligations, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell them until the recovery of their cost. Due to the issuers  continued satisfaction of their obligations under the securities in accordance with their contractual terms and the expectation that they will continue to do so, management s intent and ability to hold these securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, as well as the evaluation of the fundamentals of the issuers  financial conditions and other objective evidence, the Company believes that the municipal obligations identified in the tables above were temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , all but one of the Company s corporate bonds held an investment grade rating from Moody s, S P or Kroll, or carried a guarantee from an agency of the US government.  We have evaluated  financial statements of the company issuing the non-investment grade bond and found the company s earnings and equity position to be satisfactory and in line with industry norms.  Therefore, we believe the low market value of this investment is temporary and expect to receive all contractual payments.  The internal evaluation of the non-investment grade bond along with the investment grade ratings on the remainder of the corporate portfolio lead us to conclude that all of the corporate bonds in our portfolio will continue to pay according to their contractual terms.   Since the Company has the ability and intent to hold securities until price recovery, we believe that there is no other-than-temporary-impairment of in the corporate bond portfolio.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company also owned   $0.3 million   of equity securities in banks and financial service-related companies, and   $1.0 million   of mutual funds invested in debt securities and other debt instruments that will cause units of the fund to be deemed to be qualified under the Community Reinvestment Act. Equity securities are considered to have OTTI whenever they have been in a loss position, compared to current book value, for twelve consecutive months, and the Company does not expect them to recover to their original cost basis. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and the full year of   2015  ,   no   impairment charges were recorded, as the affected equity securities were not deemed impaired due to stabilized market prices in relation to the Company s original purchase price. 
  It is reasonably possible that the fair values of the Company s investment securities could decline in the future if interest rates increase or the overall economy or the financial conditions of the issuers deteriorate. As a result, there is a risk that OTTI may be recognized in the future, and any such amounts could be material to the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
   The contractual maturity distribution of investment debt securities at   September 30, 2016  , is summarized as follows:  
  
    13 

     Table of Contents  

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are collateralized by mortgage loans and guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. Our experience has indicated that principal payments will be collected sooner than scheduled because of prepayments. Therefore, these securities are not scheduled in the maturity categories indicated above. Equity securities available for sale with an amortized cost of   $1.3 million   and a fair value of   $1.3 million   are also excluded from this table. 
  Proceeds from the sales of investment securities available for sale during the    nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and    September 30, 2015   were   $23.4 million   and   $112.1 million  , respectively.  
  Realized gains and losses on sales are determined on the basis of specific identification of investments based on the trade date. Realized gains on investments for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows:   

6.    Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The composition of allowance for loan losses and loans by portfolio segment and based on impairment method are as follows: 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Included above as of   September 30, 2016  , are loans with a contractual balance of   $79.7 million   and a recorded balance of   $76.5 million  , which are covered under loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. The agreements cover certain losses and expenses and expire at various dates through   October 7, 2021  . The related FDIC indemnification asset is reported separately in Note 8.  Other Assets .  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the purchased credit impaired loans included above are   $27.1 million  , net of a discount of   $4.8 million  . 
  Loans with unpaid principal in the amount of   $509.8 million   and   $558.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, were pledged to the Federal Home Loan Bank (the  FHLB ) as collateral for borrowings. 
  The changes in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment are as follows: 

15 

     Table of Contents  

Loan Portfolio Segment Risk Characteristics 
  Agricultural   - Agricultural loans, most of which are secured by crops, livestock, and machinery, are provided to finance capital improvements and farm operations as well as acquisitions of livestock and machinery. The ability of the borrower to repay may be affected by many factors outside of the borrower s control including adverse weather conditions, loss of livestock due to disease or other factors, declines in market prices for agricultural products and the impact of government regulations. The ultimate repayment of agricultural loans is dependent upon the profitable operation or management of the agricultural entity. Collateral for these loans generally includes accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and real estate. However, depending on the overall financial condition of the borrower, some loans are made on an unsecured basis. The collateral securing these loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. 
  Commercial and Industrial   - Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the reported cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The collateral support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment are based on the liquidation of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any exists. The primary repayment risks of commercial and industrial loans are that the cash flows of the borrower may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. The size of the loans the Company can offer to commercial customers is less than the size of the loans that competitors with larger lending limits can offer. This may limit the Company s ability to establish relationships with the largest businesses in the areas in which the Company operates. As a result, the Company may assume greater lending risks than financial institutions that have a lesser concentration of such loans and tend to make loans to larger businesses. Collateral for these loans generally includes accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and real estate. However, depending on the overall financial condition of the borrower, some loans are made on an unsecured basis. The collateral securing these loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. In addition, a decline in the U.S. economy could harm or continue to harm the businesses of the Company s commercial and industrial customers and reduce the value of the collateral securing these loans. 
  Commercial Real Estate   - The Company offers mortgage loans to commercial and agricultural customers for the acquisition of real estate used in their businesses, such as offices, warehouses and production facilities, and to real estate investors for the acquisition of apartment buildings, retail centers, office buildings and other commercial buildings. The market value of real estate securing commercial real estate loans can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of the Company s markets could increase the credit risk associated with its loan portfolio. Additionally, real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts than other loans, and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the Company s control or that of the borrower could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of the affected properties. 
  Residential Real Estate   - The Company generally retains short-term residential mortgage loans that are originated for its own portfolio but sells most long-term loans to other parties while retaining servicing rights on the majority of those loans. The market value of real estate securing residential real estate loans can fluctuate as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of the Company s markets could increase the credit risk associated with its loan portfolio. Additionally, real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts than other loans, and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and is therefore more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. 
  Consumer   - Consumer loans typically have shorter terms, lower balances, higher yields and higher risks of default than real estate-related loans. Consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and are therefore more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. Collateral for these loans generally includes automobiles, boats, recreational vehicles, mobile homes, and real estate. However, depending on the overall financial condition of the borrower, some loans are made on an unsecured basis. The collateral securing these loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to recover and may fluctuate in value based on condition. In addition, a decline in the United States economy could result in reduced employment, impacting the ability of customers to repay their obligations. 
  Purchased Loans Policy 
   All purchased loans (nonimpaired and impaired) are initially measured at fair value as of the acquisition date in accordance with applicable authoritative accounting guidance. Credit discounts are included in the determination of fair value. An allowance for loan losses is not recorded at the acquisition date for loans purchased. 
  
    16 

     Table of Contents  

Individual loans acquired through the completion of a transfer, including loans that have evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the Company will be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable, are referred to herein as  purchased credit impaired loans.  In determining the acquisition date fair value and estimated credit losses of purchased credit impaired loans, and in subsequent accounting, the Company accounts for loans individually. Contractually required payments for interest and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition, or the  nonaccretable difference,  are not recognized as a yield adjustment or as a loss accrual or valuation allowance. Expected cash flows at the purchase date in excess of the fair value of loans, if any, are recorded as interest income over the expected life of the loans if the timing and amount of future cash flows are reasonably estimable. Subsequent to the purchased date, increases in cash flows over those expected at the purchase date are recognized as interest income prospectively. The present value of any decreases in expected cash flows after the purchase date is recognized by recording an allowance for loan losses and a provision for loan losses. If the Company does not have the information necessary to reasonably estimate cash flows to be expected, it may use the cost-recovery method or cash-basis method of income recognition. 
  Charge-off Policy 
  The Company requires a loan to be charged-off, in whole or in part, as soon as it becomes apparent that some loss will be incurred, or when its collectability is sufficiently questionable that it no longer is considered a bankable asset. The primary considerations when determining if and how much of a loan should be charged-off are as follows: (1) the potential for future cash flows; (2) the value of any collateral; and (3) the strength of any co-makers or guarantors. 
  When it is determined that a loan requires a partial or full charge-off, a request for approval of a charge-off is submitted to the Company's President, Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, and the Senior Regional Loan officer. The Bank's board of directors formally approves all loan charge-offs. Once a loan is charged-off, it cannot be restructured and returned to the Company's books. 
  The Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
  The Company requires the maintenance of an adequate allowance for loan and lease losses ( ALLL ) in order to cover estimated probable losses without eroding the Company s capital base. Calculations are done at each quarter end, or more frequently if warranted, to analyze the collectability of loans and to ensure the adequacy of the allowance. In line with FDIC directives, the ALLL calculation does not include consideration of loans held for sale or off-balance-sheet credit exposures (such as unfunded letters of credit). Determining the appropriate level for the ALLL relies on the informed judgment of management, and as such, is subject to inexactness. Given the inherently imprecise nature of calculating the necessary ALLL, the Company s policy permits the actual ALLL to be between   20%   above and   5%   below the  indicated reserve.  
  As part of the merger between MidWest  One   Bank and Central Bank, management developed a single methodology for determining the amount of the ALLL that would be needed at the combined bank. The new methodology is a hybrid of the methods used at MidWest  One   Bank and Central Bank prior to the bank merger, and the results from the new ALLL model are consistent with the results that the two banks calculated individually. The refined allowance calculation allocates the portion of allowance that was previously deemed to be unallocated to instead be included in management s determination of appropriate qualitative factors. These qualitative factors include (i) national and local economic conditions, (ii) the quality and experience of lending staff and management, (iii) changes in lending policies and procedures, (iv) changes in volume and severity of past due loans, classified loans and non-performing loans, (v) potential impact of any concentrations of credit, (vi) changes in the nature and terms of loans such as growth rates and utilization rates, (vii) changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans, considering the Company s disposition bias, and (viii) the effect of other external factors such as the legal and regulatory environment. The Company may also consider other qualitative factors for additional allowance allocations, including changes in the Company s loan review process. Changes in the criteria used in this evaluation or the availability of new information could cause the allowance to be increased or decreased in future periods. In addition, bank regulatory agencies, as part of their examination process, may require adjustments to the allowance for loan losses based on their judgments and estimates. 
  Loans Reviewed Individually for Impairment 
  The Company identifies loans to be reviewed and evaluated individually for impairment based on current information and events and the probability that the borrower will be unable to repay all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Specific areas of consideration include: size of credit exposure, risk rating, delinquency, nonaccrual status, and loan classification. 
  The level of individual impairment is measured using one of the following methods: (1) the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell; (2) the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan's effective interest rate; or  
  
    17 

     Table of Contents  

(3) the loan's observable market price. Loans that are deemed fully collateralized or have been charged down to a level corresponding with any of the three measurements require no assignment of reserves from the ALLL. 
  A loan modification is a change in an existing loan contract that has been agreed to by the borrower and the Bank, which may or may not be a troubled debt restructure or  TDR.  All loans deemed TDR are considered impaired. A loan is considered a TDR when, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, a concession is granted to the borrower that would not otherwise be considered. Both financial distress on the part of the borrower and the Bank s granting of a concession, which are detailed further below, must be present in order for the loan to be considered a TDR.  
  All of the following factors are indicators that the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties (one or more items may be present): 
             
    The debtor is currently in default on any of its debt. 
                
    The debtor has declared or is in the process of declaring bankruptcy. 
                
    There is significant doubt as to whether the debtor will continue to be a going concern. 
                
    Currently, the debtor has securities being held as collateral that have been delisted, are in the process of being delisted, or are under threat of being delisted from an exchange. 
                
    Based on estimates and projections that only encompass the current business capabilities, the debtor forecasts that its entity-specific cash flows will be insufficient to service the debt (both interest and principal) in accordance with the contractual terms of the existing agreement through maturity. 
                
    Absent the current modification, the debtor cannot obtain funds from sources other than the existing creditors at an effective interest rate equal to the current market interest rate for similar debt for a non-troubled debtor. 
     The following factors are potential indicators that a concession has been granted (one or multiple items may be present): 
             
    The borrower receives a reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt. 
                
    The borrower receives an extension of the maturity date or dates at a stated interest rate lower that the current market interest rate for new debt with similar risk characteristics. 
                
    The borrower receives a reduction of the face amount or maturity amount of the debt as stated in the instrument or other agreement. 
                
    The borrower receives a deferral of required payments (principal and/or interest). 
                
    The borrower receives a reduction of the accrued interest. 
     
    18 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth information on the Company s TDRs by class of loan occurring during the stated periods: 

(1) TDRs may include multiple concessions, and the disclosure classifications are based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. 
  Loans by class modified as TDRs within 12 months of modification and for which there was a payment default during the stated periods were as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
      
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2016 
      
    2015 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 

Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment 
      
    Number of Contracts 
      
    Recorded Investment 
        
    (dollars in thousands) 

Troubled Debt Restructurings   (1)    That Subsequently Defaulted: 

Total 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

(1) TDRs may include multiple concessions, and the disclosure classifications are based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. 
  Loans Reviewed Collectively for Impairment 
  All loans not evaluated individually for impairment will be separated into homogeneous pools to be collectively evaluated. Loans will be first grouped into the various loan types (i.e. commercial, agricultural, consumer, etc.) and further segmented within each subset by risk classification (i.e. pass, special mention/watch, and substandard). Homogeneous loans past due 60-89 days and 90 days and over are classified special mention/watch and substandard, respectively, for allocation purposes. 
  The Company s historical loss experience for each group segmented by loan type is calculated for the prior   20   quarters as a starting point for estimating losses. In addition, other prevailing qualitative or environmental factors likely to cause probable losses to vary from historical data are incorporated in the form of adjustments to increase or decrease the loss  
  
    19 

     Table of Contents  

rate applied to each group. These adjustments are documented and fully explain how the current information, events, circumstances, and conditions impact the historical loss measurement assumptions. 
  Although not a comprehensive list, the following are considered key factors and are evaluated with each calculation of the ALLL to determine if adjustments to historical loss rates are warranted: 
             
    Changes in national and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio, including the condition of various market segments. 
                
    Changes in the quality and experience of lending staff and management. 
                
    Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices not considered elsewhere in estimating credit losses. 
                
    Changes in the  volume and severity of past due loans, classified loans and non-performing loans. 
                
    The existence and potential impact of any concentrations of credit. 
                
    Changes in the nature and terms of loans such as growth rates and utilization rates. 
                
    Changes in the value of underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans, considering the Company s disposition bias. 
                
    The effect of other external factors such as the legal and regulatory environment. 
     The items listed above are used to determine the pass percentage for loans evaluated under ASC 450, and as such, are applied to the loans risk rated pass. Due to the inherent risks associated with special mention/watch risk rated loans (i.e. early stages of financial deterioration, technical exceptions, etc.), this subset is reserved at a level that will cover losses above a pass allocation for loans that had a loss in the last   20   quarters in which the loan was risk rated special mention/watch at the time of the loss. Substandard loans carry greater risk than special mention/watch loans, and as such, this subset is reserved at a level that will cover losses above a pass allocation for loans that had a loss in the last   20   quarters in which the loan was risk rated substandard at the time of the loss. Ongoing analysis will be performed to support these factor multiples.  
  The following tables set forth the risk category of loans by class of loans and credit quality indicator based on the most recent analysis performed, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Included within the special mention/watch, substandard, and doubtful categories at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are purchased credit impaired loans totaling   $16.8 million   and   $23.7 million  , respectively. 
  Special Mention/Watch   - A special mention/watch asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date. Special mention/watch assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
  Substandard   - Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
  Doubtful   - Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
  Loss   - Loans classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be effected in the future. 
  
    21 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents loans individually evaluated for impairment, excluding purchased credit impaired loans, by class of loan, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

22 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the average recorded investment and interest income recognized for loans individually evaluated for impairment, excluding purchased credit impaired loans, by class of loan, during the stated periods: 

23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the contractual aging of the recorded investment in past due loans by class of loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Non-accrual and Delinquent Loans 
  Loans are placed on non-accrual when (1) payment in full of principal and interest is no longer expected or (2) principal or interest has been in default for 90 days or more (unless the loan is both well secured with marketable collateral and in the process of collection). All loans rated doubtful or worse, and certain loans rated substandard, are placed on non-accrual. 
  A non-accrual asset may be restored to an accrual status when (1) all past due principal and interest has been paid (excluding renewals and modifications that involve the capitalizing of interest) or (2) the loan becomes well secured with marketable collateral and is in the process of collection. An established track record of performance is also considered when determining accrual status. 
  Delinquency status of a loan is determined by the number of days that have elapsed past the loan s payment due date, using the following classification groupings: 30-59 days, 60-89 days and 90 days or more.  
  
    24 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the composition of the Company s recorded investment in loans on nonaccrual status and past due 90 days or more and still accruing by class of loans, excluding purchased credit impaired loans, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Not included in the loans above as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were purchased credit impaired loans with an outstanding balance of   $2.8 million   and   $4.1 million  , net of a discount of   $0.9 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   commitments to lend additional funds to any borrowers who have had a TDR. 
  Purchased Loans 
  Purchased loans acquired in a business combination are recorded and initially measured at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. Credit discounts are included in the determination of fair value. An allowance for loan losses is not carried over. These purchased loans are segregated into two types: purchased credit impaired loans and purchased non-credit impaired loans.  

Purchased non-credit impaired loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-20    Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs    as these loans do not have evidence of significant credit deterioration since origination and it is probable all contractually required payments will be received from the borrower. 
                
    Purchased credit impaired loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30    Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality    as they display significant credit deterioration since origination and it is probable, as of the acquisition date, that the Company will be unable to collect all contractually required payments from the borrower. 
     For purchased non-credit impaired loans the accretable discount is the discount applied to the expected cash flows of the portfolio to account for the differences between the interest rates at acquisition and rates currently expected on similar portfolios in the marketplace. As the accretable discount is accreted to interest income over the expected average life of the portfolio, the result will be interest income on loans at the estimated current market rate. We anticipate recording a provision for the acquired portfolio in future quarters as the former Central loans renew and the discount is accreted.  
  For purchased credit impaired loans the difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the non-accretable difference. Further, any excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized into interest income over the expected remaining life of the loan if the timing and amount of the future cash flows are reasonably estimable. This discount includes an adjustment on loans that are not accruing or paying contractual interest so that interest income will be recognized at the estimated current market rate.  
  
    25 

     Table of Contents  

Subsequent to the purchase date, increases in cash flows over those expected at the purchase date are recognized as interest income prospectively. The present value of any decreases in expected cash flows after the purchase date is recognized by recording an allowance for credit losses and a provision for loan losses.  
  Changes in the accretable yield for loans acquired and accounted for under ASC 310-30 were as follows for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

7.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  The excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired, including core deposit, trade name, and client relationship intangibles, consists of goodwill. Under ASC Topic 350, goodwill and the non-amortizing portion of the trade name intangible are subject to at least annual assessments for impairment by applying a fair value based test. The Company reviews goodwill and the non-amortizing portion of the trade name intangible at the reporting unit level to determine potential impairment annually on October 1, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit with the fair value of the reporting unit.   No   impairment was recorded on either the goodwill or the trade name intangible assets during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . The carrying amount of goodwill was   $64.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $64.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase of   $0.1 million   in goodwill was due to the finalization of merger accounting issues related to the Central merger.  
  In addition to goodwill, the Company recognized a   $12.7 million   core deposit intangible, and a   $1.4 million   trade name intangible in 2015 due to the Central merger. 
  The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of intangibles (excluding goodwill), gross carrying amount, accumulated amortization, and net book value as of and for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  : 

26 

Table of Contents  

8.    Other Assets 
  The components of the Company s other assets were as follows: 

The     Bank is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines, and ownership of FHLB stock is a requirement for such membership. The amount of FHLB stock the Bank is required to hold is directly related to the amount of FHLB advances borrowed. Because this security is not readily marketable and there are no available market values, this security is carried at cost and evaluated for potential impairment each quarter. Redemption of this investment is at the option of the FHLB.   No   impairment was recorded on FHLB stock in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   or in the year ended    December 31, 2015  . 
  As part of the Central merger, the Company became a party to certain loss-share agreements with the FDIC from previous Central-related acquisitions. These agreements cover realized losses on loans and foreclosed real estate for specified periods. These loss-share assets are measured separately from the loan portfolios because they are not contractually embedded in the loans and are not transferable with the loans should the Company choose to dispose of them. Fair values at the acquisition dates were estimated based on projected cash flows available for loss-share based on the credit adjustments estimated for each loan. The loss-share assets are recorded within other assets on the balance sheet. 
  Mortgage servicing rights are recorded at fair value based on assumptions provided by a third-party valuation service. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as the servicing cost per loan, the discount rate, the escrow float rate, an inflation rate, ancillary income, prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. 

9.    Short-Term Borrowings 
  Short-term borrowings were as follows as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   no   borrowings through the Federal Reserve Discount Window, while the borrowing capacity was   $11.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $11.8 million   as of    December 31, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Bank had municipal securities pledged with a market value of   $13.2 million   and   $13.1 million   pledged, respectively, to the Federal Reserve to secure potential borrowings. The Company also has various other unsecured federal funds agreements with correspondent banks. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $19.3 million   and   $1.5 million   of borrowings through these correspondent bank federal funds agreements, respectively. 
  Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are agreements in which the Company acquires funds by selling assets to another party under a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the same assets at a specified price and date. The Company enters into repurchase agreements and also offers a demand deposit account product to customers that sweeps their balances in excess of an agreed upon target amount into overnight repurchase agreements. All securities sold under agreements to repurchase are recorded on the face of the balance sheet. 
  
    27 

     Table of Contents  

On   April 30, 2015  , the Company entered into a   $5.0 million   unsecured line of credit with a correspondent bank. Interest is payable at a rate of   one-month LIBOR   plus   2.00%  . The line was renewed in April 2016, and is now scheduled to mature on   April 27, 2017  . The Company had   no   balance outstanding under this agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . 

10.    Subordinated Notes Payable 
  The Company has established three statutory business trusts under the laws of the state of Delaware: Central Bancshares Capital Trust II, Barron Investment Capital Trust I, and MidWestOne Statutory Trust II. The trusts exist for the exclusive purposes of (i) issuing trust securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the respective trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the trust securities in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (subordinated debentures); and (iii) engaging in only those activities necessary or incidental thereto. For regulatory capital purposes, these trust securities qualify as a component of Tier 1 capital. 
  The table below summarizes the outstanding junior subordinated notes and the related trust preferred securities issued by each trust as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) All distributions are cumulative and paid in cash quarterly. 
  (2) Central Bancshares Capital Trust II and Barron Investment Capital Trust I were established by Central prior to the Company s merger with Central, and the junior subordinated notes issued by Central were assumed by the Company. 
  The trust preferred securities are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the junior subordinated notes at the stated maturity date or upon redemption of the junior subordinated notes. Each trust s ability to pay amounts due on the trust preferred securities is solely dependent upon the Company making payment on the related junior subordinated notes. The Company s obligation under the junior subordinated notes and other relevant trust agreements, in aggregate, constitutes a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each trust s obligations under the trust preferred securities issued by each trust. The Company has the right to defer payment of interest on the notes and, therefore, distributions on the trust preferred securities, for up to   five years  , but not beyond the stated maturity date in the table above. During any such deferral period the Company may not pay cash dividends on its stock and generally may not repurchase its stock. 

11.    Long-Term Borrowings 
  Long-term borrowings were as follows as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

28 

     Table of Contents  

The Company utilizes FHLB borrowings as a supplement to customer deposits to fund earning assets and to assist in managing interest rate risk. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, the Bank may borrow funds from the FHLB in amounts up to   35%   of the Bank s total assets, provided the Bank is able to pledge an adequate amount of qualified assets to secure the borrowings. Advances from the FHLB are collateralized primarily by one- to four-family residential, commercial and agricultural real estate first mortgages equal to various percentages of the total outstanding notes. See Note 6  Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Loan Losses  of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  On   April 30, 2015  , the Company entered into a   $35.0 million   unsecured note payable with a correspondent bank with a maturity date of   June 30, 2020  . The Company drew   $25.0 million   on the note prior to June 30, 2015, at which time the ability to obtain additional advances ceased. Payments of principal and interest are payable   quarterly  , which began   September 30, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $18.8 million   of that note was outstanding. 

12.    Income Taxes 
  The income tax provisions for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were less than the amounts computed by applying the maximum effective federal income tax rate of   35%   to the income before income taxes, because of the following items: 

The Company also recognized income tax expense pertaining to state franchise and income taxes payable by the Bank. 

13.      Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is the price that would be received in selling an asset or paid in transferring a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability is not adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (1) independent, (2) knowledgeable, (3) able to transact and (4) willing to transact. 
  GAAP requires the use of valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present amount on a discounted basis. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost). Valuation techniques should be consistently applied. Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. In that regard, GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
  
    29 

     Table of Contents  

Level 1 Inputs     Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  
                
    Level 2 Inputs     Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means.  
                
    Level 3 Inputs     Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities.  
     It is the Company s policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements. The Company is required to use observable inputs, to the extent available, in the fair value estimation process unless that data results from forced liquidations or distressed sales. A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. 
  V  aluation methods for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  
  Securities Available for Sale   - The Company s investment securities classified as available for sale include: debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government agencies and corporations, debt securities issued by state and political subdivisions, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate debt securities, and equity securities. Quoted exchange prices are available for equity securities, which are classified as Level 1. The Company utilizes an independent pricing service to obtain the fair value of debt securities. On a quarterly basis, the Company selects a sample of   30   securities from its primary pricing service and compares them to a secondary independent pricing service to validate value. In addition, the Company periodically reviews the pricing methodology utilized by the primary independent service for reasonableness. Debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. Government agencies and corporations and mortgage-backed obligations are priced utilizing industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curves, volatility factors, prepayment speeds, default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace, can be derived from observable data, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace and are classified as Level 2. Municipal securities are valued using a type of matrix, or grid, pricing in which securities are benchmarked against the treasury rate based on credit rating. These model and matrix measurements are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. On an annual basis, a group of selected municipal securities are priced by a securities dealer and that price is used to verify the primary independent service s valuation. 
  The following table summarizes assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . There were no liabilities subject to fair value measurement as of these dates. The assets are segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

30 

     Table of Contents  

There were   no   transfers of assets between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   or the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  There have been   no   changes in valuation techniques used for any assets measured at fair value during the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   or the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Changes in the fair value of available for sale securities are included in other comprehensive income to the extent the changes are not considered OTTI. OTTI tests are performed on a quarterly basis and any decline in the fair value of an individual security below its cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a write-down that is reflected directly in the Company s consolidated statements of operations.  
  Valuation methods for instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis  
  Collateral Dependent Impaired Loans   - From time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for credit losses is established. The specific reserves for collateral dependent impaired loans are based on the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell. The fair value of collateral is determined based on appraisals. In some cases, adjustments are made to the appraised values due to various factors, including age of the appraisal, age of comparables included in the appraisal, and known changes in the market and in the collateral. Because many of these inputs are unobservable, the valuations are classified as Level 3. 
  Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO )   - OREO represents property acquired through foreclosures and settlements of loans. Property acquired through or in lieu of foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less estimated selling cost at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. The Company considers third party appraisals as well as independent fair value assessments from real estate brokers or persons involved in selling OREO in determining the fair value of particular properties. Accordingly, the valuation of OREO is subject to significant external and internal judgment. The Company also periodically reviews OREO to determine whether the property continues to be carried at the lower of its recorded book value or fair value of the property, less disposal costs. Because many of these inputs are unobservable, the valuations are classified as Level 3. 
  The following table discloses the Company s estimated fair value amounts of its assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. It is management s belief that the fair values presented below are reasonable based on the valuation techniques and data available to the Company as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , as more fully described above.  

Fair Value Measurement at September 30, 2016 Using 
        
    (in thousands) 
    Total 
      
    Quoted Prices in 
  Active Markets  for 
  Identical Assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 
  (Level 3) 
        
    Assets: 

Collateral dependent impaired loans 
    $ 
    7,017 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    7,017 

Other real estate owned 
    $ 
    3,452 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    3,452 

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following presents the carrying amount and estimated fair value of the financial instruments held by the Company at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The information presented is subject to change over time based on a variety of factors. The operations of the Company are managed on a going concern basis and not a liquidation basis. As a result, the ultimate value realized from the financial instruments presented could be substantially different when actually recognized over time through the normal course of operations. Additionally, a substantial portion of the Company s inherent value is the capitalization and franchise value of the Bank. Neither of these components has been given consideration in the presentation of fair values below. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Cash and cash equivalents, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and accrued interest are instruments with carrying values that approximate fair value.  
                
    Investment securities available for sale are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Held to maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. Fair value is based upon quoted prices, if available. If a quoted price is not available, the fair value is obtained from benchmarking the security against similar securities by using a third-party pricing service. 
                
    Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, with fair value being based on recent observable loan sales. The portfolio has historically consisted primarily of residential real estate loans. 
                
    For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair values for other loans are determined using estimated future cash flows, discounted at the interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers with similar credit quality. The Company does record nonrecurring fair value adjustments to loans to reflect (1) partial write-downs and allowances that are based on the observable market price or appraised value of the collateral or (2) the full charge-off of the loan carrying value. 
                
    The fair value of FHLB stock is estimated at its carrying value and redemption price of   $100   per share. 
                
    Deposit liabilities are carried at historical cost. The fair value of non-interest bearing demand deposits, savings accounts and certain interest-bearing checking deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. If the fair value of the fixed maturity certificates of deposit is calculated at less than the carrying amount, the carrying value of these deposits is reported as the fair value. 
                
    FHLB borrowings, junior subordinated notes issued to capital trusts,  and long-term debt are recorded at historical cost. The fair value of these items is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 
     
    33 

     Table of Contents  

The following presents the valuation technique(s), unobservable inputs, and quantitative information about the unobservable inputs used for fair value measurements of the financial instruments held by the Company at   September 30, 2016  , categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: 

Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

(dollars in thousands) 
    Fair Value at September 30, 2016 
      
    Valuation Techniques(s) 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Range of Inputs 
      
    Weighted Average 
        
    Collateral dependent impaired loans 
    $ 
    7,017 

Modified appraised value 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 

Appraisal discount 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 
        
    Other real estate owned 
    $ 
    3,452 

Modified appraised value 
      
    Third party appraisal 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 

Appraisal discount 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 
      
    NM * 

* Not Meaningful. Third party appraisals are obtained as to the value of the underlying asset, but disclosure of this information would not provide meaningful information, as the range will vary widely from loan to loan. Types of discounts considered include age of the appraisal, local market conditions, current condition of the property, and estimated sales costs. These discounts will also vary from loan to loan, thus providing a range would not be meaningful. 
  Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on these estimated fair values.  

14.    Operating Segments 
  The Company s activities are considered to be a single industry segment for financial reporting purposes. The Company is engaged in the business of commercial and retail banking, investment management and insurance services with operations throughout central and eastern Iowa, the Twin Cities area of Minnesota and Wisconsin, and Florida. Substantially all income is derived from a diverse base of commercial, mortgage and retail lending activities, and investments. 

15.    Branch Sale 
  On May 9, 2016, the Bank entered into an agreement to sell its Davenport, Iowa branch to CBI Bank and Trust ( CBI Bank ) headquartered in Muscatine, Iowa, a unit of Central Bancshares, Inc. of Muscatine, Iowa. CBI Bank assumed approximately   $12.0 million   in deposits and   $33.0 million   in loans on the sale completion date of August 5, 2016, and the Company realized a net gain of   $0.7 million  , which is included on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in Other gain (loss). 

16.    Effect of New Financial Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contract with Customers (Topic 606).   The guidance in this update affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (for example, insurance contracts or lease contracts). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following five steps: 1) identify the contracts(s) with the customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The guidance also specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer. For a public entity, the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.   The amendments in this update provide guidance in GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so, the amendment should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. Disclosures are required if it is probable an entity will be unable to meet its obligations within the look-forward period of twelve months after the financial statements are made available. Incremental substantial doubt disclosure is required if the probability is not mitigated by management s plans. The new standard applies to all entities for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

In July 2015, the FASB announced a delay to the effective date of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-09,   Revenue from Contract with Customers (Topic 606).   Reporting entities may choose to adopt the standard as of the original date, or take advantage of a one-year delay. For a public entity, the revised effective date is for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted prior to the original effective date. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The guidance in this update makes changes to the current GAAP model primarily affect the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the FASB clarified guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The accounting for other financial instruments, such as loans, investments in debt securities, and financial liabilities is largely unchanged.  The treatment of gains and losses for all equity securities, including those without a readily determinable market value, is expected to result in additional volatility in the income statement, with the loss of mark to market via equity for these investments. Additionally, changes in the allowable method for determining the fair value of financial instruments in the financial statement footnotes ( exit price  only), will likely require changes to current methodologies of determining these vales, and how they are disclosed in the financial statement footnotes. The new standard applies to public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . The guidance in this update is meant to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases. All leases create an asset and a liability for the lessee in accordance with FASB Concepts Statement No. 6,   Elements of Financial Statements  , and, therefore, recognition of those lease assets and lease liabilities represents an improvement over previous GAAP, which did not require lease assets and lease liabilities to be recognized for most leases. Disclosures are required by lessees and lessors to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. To meet that objective, qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures are required. The new standard applies to public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is still evaluating the effect of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  . The guidance involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard applies to public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is still evaluating the effect of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016,  the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . The new guidance introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model 
  for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The amendment requires the use of a new model covering current expected credit losses (CECL), which will apply to: (1) financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. Upon initial recognition of the exposure, the CECL model requires an entity to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). The estimate of expected credit losses (ECL) should consider historical information, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including estimates of prepayments. The new guidance also amends the current available for sale (AFS) security OTTI model for debt securities. The new model will require an estimate of ECL only when the fair value is below the amortized cost of the asset. The length of time the fair value of an AFS debt security has been below the amortized cost will no longer impact the determination of whether a credit loss exists. As such, it is no longer an other-than-temporary model. Finally, the purchased financial assets with credit deterioration (PCD) model applies to purchased financial assets (measured at amortized cost or AFS) that have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination. This represents a change from the scope of what are considered purchased credit-impaired assets under today s model.  
  
    35 

     Table of Contents  

Different than the accounting for originated or purchased assets that do not qualify as PCD, the initial estimate of expected credit losses for a PCD would be recognized through an allowance for loan and lease losses with an offset to the cost basis of the related financial asset at acquisition. The new standard applies to public business entities that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the effect of this guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements, but it is expected to be material. 
    
  In August 2016,  the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force  . The new guidance addresses diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, and other topics. This update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this update apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of cash flows under Topic 230. The update applies to public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted, and the Company has elected to adopt the guidance effective September 30, 2016. 

17.    Contingency 
  In the second quarter of 2012, the Bank, terminated its non-contributory defined benefit pension plan. In the normal course of business, the termination of the plan is subject to audit by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC), which may result in additional distribution of assets to participants. The Bank has received an initial summary of audit findings and is requesting reconsideration of this initial determination.  In addition, the Bank has identified a potential inadvertent drafting issue with the wording of the plan amendment adopted by the Bank in 2005.The Bank has evaluated the likelihood of a potential future liability relating to this amendment issue and determined that while future liability is possible, the amount of the liability cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. As such, no liability relating to this matter has been recorded in the financial statements for the   third   quarter of   2016  . 

18.    Subsequent Events 
  Management evaluated subsequent events through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. Events or transactions occurring after   September 30, 2016  , but prior to the date the consolidated financial statements were issued, that provided additional evidence about conditions that existed at   September 30, 2016   have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . Events or transactions that provided evidence about conditions that did not exist at   September 30, 2016  , but arose before the consolidated financial statements were issued, have not been recognized in the consolidated financial statements for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  On   October 11, 2016  , the board of directors of the Company declared a cash dividend of   $0.16   per share payable on   December 15, 2016   to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   December 1, 2016  .  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

OVERVIEW  
  The Company provides financial services to individuals, businesses, governmental units and institutional customers located primarily in the Upper Midwest through its bank subsidiary, MidWest  One   Bank. The Bank has office locations in central and east-central Iowa, the Twin Cities area of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Florida. The Bank is actively engaged in many areas of commercial banking, including: acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits; making commercial, real estate, agricultural and consumer loans; and other banking services tailored for its individual customers. The Wealth Management Division of MidWest  One   Bank administers estates, personal trusts, conservatorships, and pension and profit-sharing accounts along with providing brokerage and other investment management services to customers. MidWest  One   Insurance Services, Inc., also a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, provides personal and business insurance services in Iowa.  
  We operate as an independent community bank that offers a broad range of customer-focused financial services as an alternative to large regional banks in our market areas. Management has invested in infrastructure and staffing to support our strategy of serving the financial needs of businesses, individuals and municipalities in our market areas. We focus our efforts on core deposit generation, especially transaction accounts, and quality loan growth with an emphasis on growing commercial loan balances. We seek to maintain a disciplined pricing strategy on deposit generation that will allow us to compete for high quality loans while maintaining an appropriate spread over funding costs.  
  
    36 

     Table of Contents  

Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income on our earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest expense paid on our deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by non-interest income and expense, the provision for loan losses and income tax expense. Significant external factors that impact our results of operations include general economic and competitive conditions, as well as changes in market interest rates, government policies, and actions of regulatory authorities.  
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with the statistical information and financial data appearing in this report as well as our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. Results of operations for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of results to be attained for any other period. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  Critical accounting estimates are those which are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and require our management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting estimates relate to the allowance for loan losses, application of purchase accounting, goodwill and intangible assets, and fair value of available for sale investment securities, all of which involve significant judgment by our management. Information about our critical accounting estimates is included under Item 7, "  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  " in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
  Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    
  Summary  
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we earned net income of     $6.2 million  , which was     a decrease     of     $1.4 million     from     $7.6 million   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . Basic and diluted earnings per common share for the   third   quarter of   2016   were   $0.54     for both, v  ersu  s     $0.67     for both   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . After excluding the effects of   $0.2 million   (  $0.1 million   after tax) of expenses related to the merger of MidWest  One   Bank with Central Bank, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the   third   quarter of   2016   were   $0.55  , versus   $0.68   diluted earnings per share after excluding   $0.2 million   (  $0.2 million   after tax) of expenses related to the merger with Central in the   third   quarter of   2015  . Our annualized Return on Average Assets ( ROAA ) for the   third   quarter of   2016   was     0.83%     c  ompared with a ROAA of     1.03%     f  or the same period in   2015  . Our annualized Return on Average Shareholders  Equity ( ROAE ) was   8.06%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   10.55%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The annualized Return on Average Tangible Equity ( ROATE ) was   12.07%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with   15.76%   for the same period in   2015  . 
  The following table presents selected financial results and measures as of and for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

We have traditionally disclosed certain non-GAAP ratios, including our ROATE and the ratio of our tangible equity to tangible assets. We believe these ratios provide investors with information regarding our financial condition and results of operations and how we evaluate them internally.  
  
    37 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP equivalents. 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Net Interest Income  
  Net interest income is the difference between interest income and fees earned on earning assets and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest rate levels and volume fluctuations within earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities impact net interest income. Net interest margin is net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets. 
  Certain assets with tax favorable treatment are evaluated on a tax-equivalent basis. Tax-equivalent basis assumes a federal income tax rate of 35%. Tax favorable assets generally have lower contractual pretax yields than fully taxable assets. A tax-equivalent analysis is performed by adding the tax savings to the earnings on tax-favorable assets. After factoring in the tax-favorable effects of these assets, the yields may be more appropriately evaluated against alternative earning assets. In addition to yield, various other risks are factored into the evaluation process.  
  Net interest income of   $24.6 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016     decreased     $2.2 million  , or   8.1%  , from   $26.8 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , primarily due to a   decrease   of   $2.1 million  , or   7.0%  , in interest income. A decrease in the merger-related discount accretion to   $0.6 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $1.7 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , and generally lower rates being received on new loans, partially offset by an increase in average loan balances, resulted in loan interest income declining   $2.4 million  , or   8.8%  , to   $24.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Income from investment securities was   $3.5 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , up from   $3.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , which resulted from an   increase   of   $19.3 million   in the average balance, along with an increase of   6   basis points in the yield of investment securities between the two comparable periods.  
  Interest expense increased   $0.1 million  , or   2.5%  , to   $3.3 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared to   $3.2 million   for the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an increase in both the average balance and rate of FHLB borrowings. This increase was partially offset by decreases in the cost of interest on most other categories of interest-bearing liabilities. The decline in the cost of interest-bearing deposits was despite a decrease in the merger-related amortization of the purchase accounting premium on certificates of deposit, from   $0.4 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , to   $0.2 million   for the same period of   2016  . Amortization of the purchase accounting premium on certificates of deposit acts to decrease deposit interest expense. 
  Our net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis for the   third   quarter of   2016   declined to   3.72%   compared with the net interest margin of   4.14%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Net interest margin is a measure of the net return on earning assets and is computed by dividing annualized net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis by the average of total earning assets for the period. Our overall yield on earning assets decreased to   4.20%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   from   4.62%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . This decline was due primarily to a lower yield received on loans, and the effect of lower merger-related discount accretion in the   third   quarter of   2016   compare to the   third   quarter of   2015  . The average cost of interest-bearing liabilities was the same in the   third   quarter of   2016  , at   0.61%  , as for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
  
    39 

     Table of Contents  

The following table shows consolidated average balance sheets, detailing the major categories of assets and liabilities, the interest income earned on earning assets, the interest expense paid for interest-bearing liabilities, and the related yields and interest rates for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Dividing annualized income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities results in average yields or rates. Average information is provided on a daily average basis.  

(1) 
    Loan fees included in interest income are not material. 
        
    (2) 
    Computed on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 35%. 
        
    (3) 
    Non-accrual loans have been included in average loans, net of unearned discount. 
        
    (4) 
    Net interest margin is tax-equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth an analysis of volume and rate changes in interest income and interest expense on our average earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , reported on a fully tax-equivalent basis assuming a 35% tax rate. The table distinguishes between the changes related to average outstanding balances (changes in volume holding the initial interest rate constant) and the changes related to average interest rates (changes in average rate holding the initial outstanding balance constant). The change in interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.  

Interest income and fees on loans   on a tax-equivalent basis in the   third   quarter of   2016     decreased     $2.3 million  , or   8.5%  , compared with the same period in   2015  . This   decrease   includes the effect of the merger-related discount accretion of   $0.6 million   on loans for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $1.7 million   of merger-related discount accretion for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Average loans were   $26.2 million  , or   1.2%  ,   higher   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  , due primarily to the origination of new loans (primarily commercial real estate and agricultural), and despite the loss of approximately   $33.0 million   of loans due to the sale of the Company s Davenport, Iowa branch in early August 2016. In addition to purchase accounting adjustments, the yield on our loan portfolio is affected by the amount of nonaccrual loans (which do not earn interest income), the mix of the portfolio (real estate loans generally have a lower overall yield than commercial and agricultural loans), the effects of competition and the interest rate environment on the amounts and volumes of new loan originations, and the mix of variable-rate versus fixed-rate loans in our portfolio. The   decrease   in interest income on loans was primarily the result of a   decrease   in the average yield on loans from   5.06%   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   4.58%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , which was primarily attributable to purchase accounting adjustments, partially offset by the higher average balances in the loan portfolio. 
  Interest income on investment securities   on a tax-equivalent basis totaled   $4.2 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with   $4.0 million   for the same period of   2015  , including   $0.1 million   of purchase accounting premium amortization expense in both the 2015 and 2016 periods. The tax-equivalent yield on our investment portfolio in the   third   quarter of   2016     increased   to   3.04%   from   2.98%   in the comparable period of   2015  . The average balance of investments in the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $551.8 million   compared with   $532.5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  , an   increase   of   $19.3 million  , or   3.6%  . The   increase   in average balance resulted primarily from deploying excess cash available at the end of the prior quarter into new investments.  
  Interest expense on deposits   was generally unchanged in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with the same period in   2015   at   $2.5 million   for both periods. While the Company experienced   an increase   in average balances of interest-bearing deposits for the   third   quarter of   2016   of   $56.7 million   compared with the same period in   2015  , this increase was offset by the weighted average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits declining to   0.51%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared with   0.52%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . This   decrease   includes the effect of the merger-related premium amortization of   $0.2 million   on certificates of deposit  
  
    41 

     Table of Contents  

for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with   $0.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . The premium amortization acts to decrease deposit interest expense. 
  Interest expense on borrowed funds   of   $0.8 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   was an   increase   of   $0.1 million  , or   12.2%  , compared with   $0.7 million   for the same period in   2015  . Average borrowed funds for the   third   quarter of   2016   were   $16.6 million     higher   compared with the same period in   2015  . This increase was primarily due to the   $24.4 million   increase in the average level of FHLB borrowing. The weighted average rate on borrowed funds   increased   to   1.52%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared with   1.46%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  , primarily reflecting the increased cost of FHLB borrowings. 
  Provision for Loan Losses 
     The provision for loan losses is a current charge against income and represents an amount which management believes is sufficient to maintain an adequate allowance for known and probable losses in the loan portfolio. In assessing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, management considers the size and quality of the loan portfolio measured against prevailing economic conditions, regulatory guidelines, and historical loan loss experience. When a determination is made by management to charge off a loan balance, such write-off is charged against the allowance for loan losses.  
  We recorded a provision for loan losses of   $1.0 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  ,   a decrease   of   $1.1 million  , from   $2.1 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The higher provision expense in   2015   was primarily due to the greater volume of acquired loans coming out of purchase accounting and moving into the Company s standard allowance for loan loss methodology. Net loans charged off in the   third   quarter of   2016   totaled   $0.8 million  , compared to   $0.4 million   net loans charged off in the   third   quarter of   2015  . We determine an appropriate provision based on our evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses in relationship to a continuing review of problem loans, current economic conditions, actual loss experience and industry trends. We believed that the allowance for loan losses was adequate based on the inherent risk in the portfolio as of   September 30, 2016  ; however, there is no assurance losses will not exceed the allowance, and any growth in the loan portfolio and the uncertainty of the general economy may require additional provisions in future periods as deemed necessary.  
  Sensitive assets include nonaccrual loans, loans on the Bank s watch loan reports and other loans identified as having higher potential for loss. We review sensitive assets on at least a quarterly basis for changes in the customers  ability to pay and changes in the valuation of underlying collateral in order to estimate probable losses. We also periodically review a watch loan list which is comprised of loans that have been restructured or involve customers in industries which have been adversely affected by market conditions. The majority of these loans are being repaid in conformance with their contracts.  
  Noninterest Income  

Total noninterest income for the   third   quarter of   2016   increased to   $5.7 million  , up   $0.2 million  , or   4.7%  , from   $5.5 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The greatest increase was in other gain (loss), which increased   $0.3 million   to a   $0.3 million   gain for the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to a negligible gain for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Other gain (loss) represents gains and losses on other real estate owned, repossessed assets, and branch banking offices. The   third   quarter of   2016   reflects a net gain on other real estate owned of   $0.1 million  , a write down of other real estate owned of   $0.5 million  , and a net gain on the sale of the Bank s Davenport, Iowa branch of   $0.7 million  , while the   third   quarter of   2015   included a small net gain on other real estate owned. These items were previously classified as other service charges and fees and have now been broken out to provide additional transparency. Loan origination and servicing fees increased from   $1.0 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $1.2 million   for the   third   quarter  
  
    42 

     Table of Contents  

of   2016  . These increases were partially offset by a decrease in trust, investment and insurance fees of   $0.1 million  , or   8.5%  , from   $1.4 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $1.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
  Management s strategic goal is for noninterest income to constitute 25% of total revenues (net interest income plus noninterest income excluding gain/loss on securities and premises and equipment and impairment of investment securities) over time. For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest income comprised   18.1%   of total revenues, compared with   16.9%   for the same period in   2015  . With the recent merger of Central Bank into MidWest  One   Bank, management expects to see gradual improvement in this ratio in future periods. 
  Noninterest Expense  

Noninterest expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $20.4 million  , up   $0.1 million  , or   0.5%  , from the   third   quarter of   2015  . Net occupancy and equipment expense increased   $0.6 million  , or   21.1%  , from   $2.7 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $3.3 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   due to the additional depreciation expense associated with the completion of the Company s new operations center and remodeling of its corporate headquarters. Other operating expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   increased   $0.2 million  , or   8.5%  , compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  , and amortization of intangible assets expense increased from   $0.8 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $1.0 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  . These increases were partially offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefits of   $0.6 million  , or   4.5%  , and a decrease in data processing fees of   $0.3 million  , or   35.5%  , both due to merger-related cost savings. Merger-related expenses in the   third   quarter of   2016   were   $0.2 million   (  $0.1 million   after tax) relating to the merger of MidWest  One   Bank and Central Bank, compared to   $0.2 million   (  $0.2 million   after tax) in the   third   quarter of   2015   relating to the holding company merger. The majority of the   third   quarter   2016   merger expenses were comprised of data processing expenses from bills received in the third quarter of 2016 relating to the bank merger, which were   $0.1 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to no merger-related data processing expenses in the   third   quarter of   2015  . Merger-related professional fees expense decreased   $0.1 million  , or   90.7%  , for the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared with the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
  Income Tax Expense 
  Our effective income tax rate, or income taxes divided by income before taxes, was   29.7%   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , which was higher than the effective tax rate of   21.8%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Income tax expense was   $2.6 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $2.1 million   for the same period of   2015  . The primary reason for the   increase   in income tax expense was the partial recognition of rehabilitation and historic tax credits on the Company s headquarters building in the amount of $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2015. 

Comparison of Operating Results for the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    
  Summary  
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we earned net income of     $16.5 million  ,     compared with     $16.9 million     for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  ,   a decrease   of     2.1%  . The decrease in net income was due primarily to increased noninterest expense during the   first nine months   2016 compared to the   first nine months   of 2015, which included only five months of post-merger operations. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for the   first nine months   of   2016   were   $1.45   and   $1.44  , respectively, versus   $1.69   and   $1.68  , respectively, for the   first nine months   of   2015  . After excluding the effects of   $4.2 million   (  $2.6 million   after tax) of expenses related to the merger with Central Bank, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   were   $1.67  , compared to   $1.97  , after excluding   $3.4 million   (  $2.9 million   after tax) of expenses related to the merger with Central, for the same period last year. Our annualized ROAA for the   first nine months   of   2016   was   0.74%   compared with   0.85%   for the same period in   2015  . Our annualized ROAE was   7.28%   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   versus   9.29%   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The annualized ROATE was   11.19%   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   13.52%   for the same period in   2015  . 
  
    43 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents selected financial results and measures as of and for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

We have traditionally disclosed certain non-GAAP ratios, including our ROATE and the ratio of our tangible equity to tangible assets. We believe these ratios provide investors with information regarding our financial condition and results of operations and how we evaluate them internally. 
  The following tables provide a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP equivalents.  

44 

     Table of Contents  

Net Interest Income  
  Our net interest income for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   $75.1 million  , up   $11.4 million  , or   17.8%  , from   $63.7 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase of   $12.8 million  , or   17.8%  , in interest income. Loan interest income increased   $13.1 million  , or   21.5%  , to   $74.1 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared to the   first nine months   of   2015  , primarily due to the merger-related increase in average loan balances of   $305.0 million  , or   16.4%  , between the two periods, and despite the effect of a decrease in the merger-related discount accretion to   $2.4 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.0 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Interest income on investment securities increased   $0.3 million  , or   3.1%  , to   $10.2 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared to the   first nine months   of   2015   primarily due to an increase of   13   basis points on the portfolio s yield, somewhat offset by a decrease of   $7.4 million   in the average balance between the comparative periods. There was no income from loan pool participations in the   first nine months   of 2016 compared to   $0.8 million   of income in the   first nine months   of 2015, as the Company sold its remaining loan pool participations in June 2015. 
  Total interest expense was   $9.3 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.4 million  , or   17.7%  , compared to the   first nine months   of   2015  . Interest expense on deposits increased   $0.9 million  , or   16.2%  , to   $6.8 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   (including   $0.8 million   in merger-related amortization of the purchase accounting premium on certificates of deposit), compared to   $5.9 million   (including   $1.0 million   in merger-related amortization) for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Our net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis for the   first nine months   of   2016   increased to   3.83%   compared with the net interest margin of   3.69%   for the   first nine months   of   2015  . Net interest margin is a measure of the net return on earning assets and is computed by dividing annualized net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis by the average of total earning assets for the period. Our overall yield on earning assets was   4.29%   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , an   increase   of   16   basis points compared to the   first nine months   of   2015  . This   increase   was despite the inclusion of   $2.4 million   of merger-related discount accretion income  
  
    45 

     Table of Contents  

for loans in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared to   $3.0 million   of discount for the   first nine months   of   2015  . The average cost of interest-bearing liabilities   increased   in the   first nine months   of   2016   to   0.58%   from   0.56%   for the   first nine months   of   2015  , due primarily to the higher cost of obtaining deposits during the period and increased rates on FHLB borrowings, despite the inclusion of   $0.8 million   of merger-related amortization of the purchase accounting premium on certificates of deposit in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared to   $1.0 million   of such amortization for the   first nine months   of   2015  . 
  The following table shows consolidated average balance sheets, detailing the major categories of assets and liabilities, the interest income earned on earning assets, the interest expense paid for interest-bearing liabilities, and the related yields and interest rates for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Dividing annualized income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities results in average yields or costs. Average information is provided on a daily average basis.  

46 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Loan fees included in interest income are not material. 
        
    (2) 
    Computed on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 35%. 
        
    (3) 
    Non-accrual loans have been included in average loans, net of unearned discount. 
        
    (4) 
    Includes interest income and discount realized on loan pool participations. 
        
    (5) 
    Net interest margin is tax-equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets. 

The following table sets forth an analysis of volume and rate changes in interest income and interest expense on our average earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , reported on a fully tax-equivalent basis assuming a 35% tax rate. The table distinguishes between the changes related to average outstanding balances (changes in volume holding the initial interest rate constant) and the changes related to average interest rates (changes in average rate holding the initial outstanding balance constant). The change in interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.  

Interest income and fees on loans   on a tax-equivalent basis   increased     $13.3 million  , or   21.5%  , in the   first nine months   of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase reflects the effect of the merger-related discount accretion for loans of   $2.4 million   in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared to   $3.0 million   of discount accretion in the   first nine months   of   2015  . The   increased   income is mainly due to an   increase   in average loans balances of   $305.0 million  , or   16.4%  , in the   first nine months   of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily resulting from the merger. The yield on loans   increased   from   4.46%   in the   first nine months   of   2015   to   4.65%   in the same period of   2016  . The yield on our loan portfolio is affected by the amount of nonaccrual loans (which do not earn interest income), the mix of the portfolio (real estate loans generally have a lower overall yield than commercial and agricultural loans), the effects of competition and the interest rate environment on the amounts and volumes of new loan originations, and the mix of variable-rate versus fixed-rate loans in our portfolio. 
  Interest and discount income on loan pool participations   was   nothing   for the   first nine months   of   2016  ,   a decrease   of   $0.8 million   compared to the   first nine months   of   2015  . The Company sold its remaining loan pool participations in the second quarter of 2015.  
  Interest income on investment securities   on a tax-equivalent basis totaled   $12.4 million   in the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   $12.1 million   for the same period of   2015  , reflecting   $0.2 million   of purchase accounting premium amortization expense in the    first nine months   of   2016   compared to   $0.2 million   of purchase accounting premium amortization in the   first nine months   of   2015  . The tax-equivalent yield on our investment portfolio for the   first nine months   of   2016     increased   to   3.12%   from  
  
    47 

     Table of Contents  

2.99%   in the comparable period of   2015  , with the   first nine months   of   2016   yield including   7   basis points of decrease attributable to purchase accounting. The average balance of investments in the   first nine months   of   2016   was   $531.3 million   compared with   $538.8 million   in the   first nine months   of   2015  ,   a decrease   of   $7.4 million  , or   1.4%  .  
  Interest expense on deposits   was   $6.8 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   $5.9 million   for the same period in   2015  . This   increase   was in part due to average interest-bearing deposits for the   first nine months   of   2016     increasing     $211.5 million  , or   12.4%  , compared with the same period in   2015  , due primarily to the merger. 
  The weighted average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was   0.47%   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   0.46%   for the   first nine months   of   2015  . This   increase   reflects the merger-related amortization of the purchase accounting premium on certificates of deposit in the amount of   $0.8 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   $1.0 million   for the   first nine months   of   2015  . The impact of the amortization in   2016   was to reduce the average cost of deposits by   6   basis points.  
  Interest expense on borrowed funds   in the   first nine months   of   2016   was   $2.5 million  , compared with   $2.1 million   for the same period in   2015  . Average borrowed funds for the   first nine months   of   2016   were   $33.8 million     higher   compared with the same period in   2015  . This increase was primarily due to the borrowing of $25.0 million in new long-term debt as well as   $21.6 million   of subordinated notes assumed in the merger during the second quarter of 2015, and the   $20.1 million     increase   in the average level of FHLB borrowings for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared to the   first nine months   of   2015  . The weighted average rate on borrowed funds   increased   to   1.48%   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   1.42%   for the   first nine months   of   2015  , reflecting the increased cost of new debt relative to that of pre-merger debt. 
  Provision for Loan Losses  
  We recorded a provision for loan losses of   $3.2 million   in the   first nine months   of   2016  ,   $0.4 million  , or   11.0%  , less than the   $3.6 million   provision in the   first nine months   of   2015  . The   decreased   provision is primarily due to the lower level of loans moving from the purchased accounting portfolio to the Company s standard allowance for loan loss methodology. Net loans charged off in the   first nine months   of   2016   totaled   $1.3 million   compared with   $1.1 million   in the   first nine months   of   2015  .  
  Noninterest Income  

Total noninterest income rose to    $17.7 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , an increase of   $3.2 million  , or   21.7%  , from   $14.6 million   during the same period of   2015  . The greatest increase for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , was in other gain (loss), which increased   $1.8 million   to a gain of   $1.4 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a loss of   $0.4 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   first nine months   of   2016   reflect a net gain on other real estate owned of   $0.8 million  , and a net gain on the sales of the Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin and Davenport, Iowa branches of   $1.2 million  . The   first nine months   of   2015   included a net loss on other real estate owned of   $0.4 million  , due primarily the sale of the loan pool participations in June 2015. Other service charges and fees rose from   $3.2 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , to   $4.1 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.9 million  , or   30.4%  . Another significant contributor to the overall increase in noninterest income was service charges and fees on deposit accounts, which increased   $0.8 million   to   $3.9 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $3.1 million   for the same period of   2015  . Loan origination and servicing fees in the   first nine months   of   2016   increased   $0.5 million  , or   25.8%  , from   $2.1 million   for the same period in   2015  . These increases were partially offset by decreased gains on the sale of available for sale securities of   $0.5  
  
    48 

     Table of Contents  

million   between the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and the same period of   2015  . In addition, trust, investment, and insurance fees also decreased to   $4.2 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , a decline of   $0.4 million  , or   8.6%  , from   $4.6 million   for the same period in   2015  .  
  Management s strategic goal is for noninterest income to constitute 25% of total revenues (net interest income plus noninterest income excluding gain/loss on securities and premises and equipment and impairment of investment securities) over time. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , noninterest income comprised   17.5%   of total revenues, compared with   18.0%   for the same period in   2015  . With the recent merger of Central Bank into MidWest  One   Bank, management expects to see gradual improvement in this ratio in future periods. 
  Noninterest Expense  

Noninterest expense increased to   $66.7 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $51.4 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $15.3 million  , or   29.8%  . All categories of noninterest expense increased for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , with the exception of professional fees, which decreased   $0.7 million  , or   17.8%  , due to lower merger-related professional fee expenses of   $0.3 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   $1.9 million   for the same period last year. Salaries and employee benefits increased   $8.5 million  , or   29.4%  , from   $29.1 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , to   $37.6 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . This increase in salaries and employee benefits includes   $1.7 million   of merger-related expenses, mainly severance and retention payments, for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to    $0.5 million   for the same period in   2015  . Net occupancy and equipment expense rose from   $6.6 million   for the   first nine months   of   2015   to   $9.9 million   for the same period of   2016  , an increase of   $3.3 million  , or   49.9%  , primarily due to the merger. The increase in data processing expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , of   $2.0 million  , or   96.3%  , compared to the same period of   2015  , was attributable primarily to contract termination expenses of $1.9 million in connection with the merger of the banks. 
  Income Tax Expense 
  Our effective tax rate, or income taxes divided by income before taxes, was   27.7%   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , and   27.5%   for the   first nine months   of   2015  . Income tax expense decreased to   $6.3 million   in the   first nine months   of   2016   compared with   $6.4 million   for the same period of   2015  , primarily due to the   decrease   in the level of taxable income between the two periods and the non-deductible merger-related expenses incurred in the respective periods. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  
  Our total assets increased to    $3.00 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $2.98 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , mainly attributable to   an increase   in investment securities, which increased   $41.7 million  , or   7.6%  , and cash and cash equivalents, which increased   $4.9 million  , or   10.3%  , between these dates. These increases were partially offset by decreases in total loans of   $10.1 million  , or   0.5%  , primarily due to the sale of our Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin and Davenport, Iowa branch offices, and decreases in other real estate owned of   $5.4 million  , or   60.9%  , between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  . Total deposits at   September 30, 2016  , were   $2.45 billion  , a decrease of   $17.6 million  , or   0.7%  , from   December 31, 2015  , again primarily due to the sale of our Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin and Davenport, Iowa branch offices. The mix of deposits saw a decrease in non-interest bearing demand deposits of   $65.8 million  , or   11.8%  , and a decrease of   $8.9 million  , or   1.38%  , in certificates of deposit between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  . These decreases were partially offset by increases between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   of   $50.2 million  , or   4.7%  , in interest-bearing checking deposits, and   $6.9 million  , or   3.7%  , in savings deposits. Federal funds purchased increased   $17.8 million  , from   $1.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  , to   $19.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , to help offset the overall decline in deposit balances. At   September 30, 2016  , the long-term borrowings incurred by the Company in connection with the closing of the holding company merger had an outstanding balance of   $18.8 million  , a decrease of   $3.8 million  , or   16.7%  , from   December 31, 2015  , due to normal scheduled repayments. Securities sold under agreement to repurchase declined   $4.0 million   between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , while FHLB borrowings  
  
    49 

     Table of Contents  

increased   $13.0 million  , or   14.9%  , between   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2016  , to   $100.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
     Investment Securities  
  Investment securities totaled   $587.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , or   19.6%   of total assets,   an increase   of   $41.7 million  , or   7.6%  , from   $545.7 million  , or   18.3%   of total assets, as of   December 31, 2015  . A total of   $436.2 million   of the investment securities were classified as available for sale at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $427.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . This represents   an increase   in investment securities available for sale of   $9.0 million  , or   2.1%  , from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the portfolio consisted mainly of obligations of states and political subdivisions (  43.9%  ), mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (  41.8%  ), and obligations of U.S. government agencies (  1.0%  ). Investment securities held to maturity were   $151.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $118.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Loans  
  The composition of loans (before deducting the allowance for loan losses) was as follows:  

(1) As of the first quarter of 2016, overdrafts are no longer included as a separate class of loan.  
  Total loans (excluding loans held for sale) decreased   $10.1 million  , or   0.5%  , from   $2.15 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , to   $2.14 billion   at   September 30, 2016  . The decrease was primarily concentrated in residential real estate loans. This decrease was partially offset by increases in commercial real estate-other, commercial and industrial, farmland, and construction and development loans. As of   September 30, 2016  , the largest category of loans was commercial real estate loans, comprising approximately   48%   of the portfolio, of which   6%   of total loans were multifamily residential mortgages,   6%   of total loans were construction and development, and   4%   of total loans were farmland. Residential real estate loans was the next largest category at   23%   of total loans, followed by commercial and industrial loans at   22%  , agricultural loans at   6%  , and consumer loans at   2%  . The Company also held   $22.3 million   net of a discount of   $4.8 million  , or   1.0%   of the total loan portfolio, in purchased credit impaired loans as a result of the merger.  
  We have minimal direct exposure to subprime mortgages in our loan portfolio. Our loan policy provides a guideline that real estate mortgage borrowers have a Beacon score of 640 or greater. Exceptions to this guideline have been noted but the overall exposure is deemed minimal by management. Mortgages we originate and sell on the secondary market are typically underwritten according to the guidelines of secondary market investors. These mortgages are sold on a non-recourse basis. 
  
    50 

     Table of Contents  

Premises and Equipment 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , premises and equipment totaled   $75.1 million  , a decrease of   $1.1 million  , or   1.4%  , from   $76.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . This decrease was primarily due to normal depreciation expense of    $3.3 million  , partially offset by ongoing capital improvement projects. The Company completed the construction of a new Home Mortgage and Operations Center, which was complete at the end of 2015, at a total cost of $16.0 million. The Company also undertook the restoration and remodeling of the building that serves as the main office of the Bank and headquarters of the Company, which was completed in April 2016 at a cost of $13.8 million. 
  Deposits 
  Total deposits as of   September 30, 2016   were   $2.45 billion  ,   a decrease   of    $17.6 million  , or   0.7%   from   December 31, 2015  .     Interest-bearing checking deposits were the largest category of deposits at   September 30, 2016  , representing approximately   45.6%   of total deposits. Total interest-bearing checking deposits were   $1.11 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $50.2 million  , or   4.7%  , from   $1.06 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . Included in interest-bearing checking deposits at   September 30, 2016   were   $39.0 million   of brokered deposits in the Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) program,   an increase   of   $18.8 million  , or   92.7%  , from   $20.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , due primarily to the addition of one account holder. Non-interest bearing demand deposits were   $493.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $65.8 million  , or   11.8%  , from   $559.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Savings deposits were   $196.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $6.9 million  , or   3.7%  , from   December 31, 2015  . Total certificates of deposit were   $641.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , down   $8.9 million  , or   1.4%  , from   $650.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Included in total certificates of deposit at   September 30, 2016   was   $3.0 million   of brokered deposits in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) program, an increase of   $0.1 million  , or   5.2%  , from   December 31, 2015  . Based on recent experience, management anticipates that many of the maturing certificates of deposit will not be renewed upon maturity due to the current low interest rate environment. Approximately   87.4%   of our total deposits were considered  core  deposits as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill increased from   $64.5 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , to   $64.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   due to the finalization of merger accounting amounts related to the Central merger in the first quarter of 2016. Other intangible assets decreased   $3.0 million  , or   15.9%  , to   $16.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $19.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  , due to normal amortization. See Note 7.  Goodwill and Intangible Assets  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
  Debt 
  Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 
  FHLB borrowings totaled   $100.0 million     as of     September 30, 2016     compared with     $87.0 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . We utilize FHLB borrowings as a supplement to customer deposits to fund earning assets and to assist in managing interest rate risk. Thus, when deposits decline, FHLB borrowing may increase to provide necessary liquidity. See Note 11.  Long-Term Borrowings  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our FHLB borrowings. 
  Junior Subordinated Notes Issued to Capital Trusts 
  Junior subordinated notes that have been issued to capital trusts that issued trust preferred securities were   $23.7 million     as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.1 million   from   December 31, 2015  . This increase was due to the accretion of the purchase accounting discount on the two junior subordinated notes assumed in the Central merger. See Note 10.  Subordinated Notes Payable  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our junior subordinated notes. 
  Long-term Debt 
  Long-term debt in the form of a   $35.0 million   unsecured note, of which $25.0 million was drawn upon, payable to a correspondent bank was entered into on   April 30, 2015   in connection with the payment of the merger consideration at the closing of the Central merger, of which   $18.8 million   was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11.  Long-Term Borrowings  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our long-term debt. 

51 

     Table of Contents  

Nonperforming Assets  
  The following tables set forth information concerning nonperforming loans by class of loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Not included in the loans above as of   September 30, 2016  , were purchased credit impaired loans with an outstanding balance of   $2.8 million  , net of a discount of   $0.9 million  .  
  Our nonperforming assets (which include nonperforming loans and OREO) totaled   $27.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $6.8 million  , or   33.2%  , from   December 31, 2015  . The balance of OREO at   September 30, 2016   was   $3.5 million  , a decrease of   $5.4 million  , from   $8.8 million   of OREO at   December 31, 2015  . All of the OREO property was acquired through foreclosures, and we are actively working to sell all properties held as of   September 30, 2016  . OREO is carried at appraised value less estimated cost of disposal at the date of acquisition. Additional discounts could be required to market and sell the properties, resulting in a write down through expense.  
  
    52 

     Table of Contents  

Nonperforming loans increased from   $11.5 million  , or   0.54%   of total loans, at   December 31, 2015  , to   $23.7 million  , or   1.11%   of total loans, at   September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , nonperforming loans consisted of   $15.4 million   in nonaccrual loans,   $7.4 million   in TDRs and   $0.9 million   in loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing. This compares to nonaccrual loans of   $4.0 million  , TDRs of   $7.2 million  , and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing of   $0.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . Nonaccrual loans   increased     $11.4 million   between   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2016  , due primarily to the addition of one commercial loan customer with four loans totaling $10.4 million. The Company is actively working to resolve the issues with these four loans. The balance of TDRs   increased     $0.1 million   between these two dates, as the addition of four loans totaling $0.5 million were partially offset by payments collected from TDR-status borrowers and the charge-off of two TDRs totaling $0.2 million. Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest   increased     $0.7 million   between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  . Loans past due 30 to 89 days and still accruing interest (not included in the nonperforming loan totals) increased to   $11.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $8.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , other real estate owned (not included in nonperforming loans) was   $3.5 million  , down from   $8.8 million   of other real estate owned at   December 31, 2015  . During the   first nine months   of   2016  , the Company had a net decrease of 29 properties in other real estate owned. As of   September 30, 2016  , the allowance for loan losses was   $21.4 million  , or   1.00%   of total loans, compared with   $19.4 million  , or   0.90%   of total loans at   December 31, 2015  . The allowance for loan losses represented   90.36%   of nonperforming loans at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   168.52%   of nonperforming loans at   December 31, 2015  . The Company had net loan charge-offs of   $1.3 million   in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , or an annualized   0.08%   of average loans outstanding, compared to net charge-offs of   $1.1 million  , or an annualized   0.08%   of average loans outstanding, for the same period of   2015  . 
  Loan Review and Classification Process for Agricultural, Commercial and Industrial, and Commercial Real Estate Loans: 
  The Bank maintains a loan review and classification process which involves multiple officers of the Bank and is designed to assess the general quality of credit underwriting and to promote early identification of potential problem loans. All commercial and agricultural loan officers are charged with the responsibility of risk rating all loans in their portfolios and updating the ratings, positively or negatively, on an ongoing basis as conditions warrant. A monthly loan officer validation worksheet documents this process. Risk ratings are selected from an 8-point scale with ratings as follows: ratings 1- 4 Satisfactory (pass), rating 5 Watch (potential weakness), rating 6 Substandard (well-defined weakness), rating 7 Doubtful, and rating 8 Loss. 
  When a loan officer originates a new loan, based upon proper loan authorization, he or she documents the credit file with an offering sheet summary, supplemental underwriting analysis, relevant financial information and collateral evaluations. All of this information is used in the determination of the initial loan risk rating. The Bank s loan review department undertakes independent credit reviews of relationships based on either criteria established by loan policy, risk-focused sampling, or random sampling. Loan policy requires all lending relationships with total exposure of $5.0 million or more as well as all classified (loan grades 6 through 8) and Watch (loan grade 5) rated credits over $1.0 million be reviewed no less than annually. The individual loan reviews consider such items as: loan type; nature, type and estimated value of collateral; borrower and/or guarantor estimated financial strength; most recently available financial information; related loans and total borrower exposure; and current/anticipated performance of the loan. The results of such reviews are presented to executive management. 
  Through the review of delinquency reports, updated financial statements or other relevant information, the lending officer and/or loan review personnel may determine that a loan relationship has weakened to the point that a watch (loan grade 5) or classified (loan grades 6 through 8) status is warranted. When a loan relationship with total related exposure of $1.0 million or greater is adversely graded (loan grade 5 or above), or is classified as a TDR (regardless of size), the lending officer is then charged with preparing a loan strategy summary worksheet that outlines the background of the credit problem, current repayment status of the loans, current collateral evaluation and a workout plan of action. This plan may include goals to improve the credit rating, assist the borrower in moving the loans to another institution and/or collateral liquidation. All such reports are first presented to regional management and then to the loan strategy committee. Copies of the minutes of these Committee meetings are presented to the board of directors of the Bank. 
  Depending upon the individual facts and circumstances and the result of the Classified/Watch review process, loan officers and/or loan review personnel may categorize the loan relationship as impaired. Once that determination has occurred, the credit analyst will complete an evaluation of the collateral (for collateral-dependent loans) based upon the estimated collateral value, adjusting for current market conditions and other local factors that may affect collateral value. Loan review personnel may also complete an independent impairment analysis when deemed necessary. These judgmental evaluations may produce an initial specific allowance for placement in the Company s allowance for loan and lease losses calculation. Impairment analysis for the underlying collateral value is completed in the last month of the quarter.   The impairment analysis worksheets are reviewed by the Credit Administration department prior to quarter-end. The board of directors of the Bank on a quarterly basis reviews the Classified/Watch reports including changes in credit grades of 5 or higher as well as all impaired loans, the related allowances and OREO. 
  
    53 

     Table of Contents  

In general, once the specific allowance has been finalized, regional and executive management will consider a charge-off prior to the calendar quarter-end in which that reserve calculation is finalized.  
  The review process also provides for the upgrade of loans that show improvement since the last review. All requests for an upgrade of a credit are approved by the loan strategy committee before the rating can be changed. 
  Restructured Loans 
  We restructure loans for our customers who appear to be able to meet the terms of their loan over the long term, but who may be unable to meet the terms of the loan in the near term due to individual circumstances. We consider the customer s past performance, previous and current credit history, the individual circumstances surrounding the current difficulties and their plan to meet the terms of the loan in the future prior to restructuring the terms of the loan. The following factors are indicators that a concession has been granted (one or multiple items may be present): 
             
    The borrower receives a reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt. 
                
    The borrower receives an extension of the maturity date or dates at a stated interest rate lower than the current market interest rate for new debt with similar risk characteristics. 
                
    The borrower receives a reduction of the face amount or maturity amount of the debt as stated in the instrument or other agreement. 
                
    The borrower receives a deferral of required payments (principal and/or interest). 
                
    The borrower receives a reduction of the accrued interest. 
     Generally, loans are restructured through short-term interest rate relief, short-term principal payment relief or short-term principal and interest payment relief. Once a restructured loan has gone 90 days or more past due or is placed on nonaccrual status, it is included in the 90 days and over past due or nonaccrual totals. 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company restructured   five     loans   by granting  concessions to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. 
  A loan classified as a troubled debt restructuring will no longer be included in the troubled debt restructuring disclosures in the periods after the restructuring if the loan performs in accordance with the terms specified by the restructuring agreement and the interest rate specified in the restructuring agreement represents a market rate at the time of modification. The specified interest rate is considered a market rate when the interest rate is equal to or greater than the rate the Company is willing to accept at the time of restructuring for a new loan with comparable risk. If there are concerns that the borrower will not be able to meet the modified terms of the loan, the loan will continue to be included in the troubled debt restructuring disclosures. 
  We consider all TDRs, regardless of whether they are performing in accordance with their modified terms, to be impaired loans when determining our allowance for loan losses. A summary of restructured loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

Allowance for Loan Losses  
  Our ALLL as of   September 30, 2016   was   $21.4 million  , which was   1.00%   of total loans and   1.30%   of purchased non-credit impaired loans as of that date. This compares with an ALLL of   $19.4 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , which was   0.90%   of total loans and   1.32%   of purchased non-credit impaired loans as of that date. Gross charge-offs for the   first nine months   of   2016   totaled   $1.7 million  , while recoveries of previously charged-off loans totaled   $0.5 million  . The ratio of annualized net loan charge offs to average loans for the first   nine months   of   2016   was   0.08%   compared to   0.11%   for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the ALLL was   90.4%   of nonperforming loans compared with   168.5%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Based on the inherent risk in the loan portfolio, we believed that as of   September 30, 2016  , the ALLL was adequate; however, there is no assurance losses will not exceed the allowance, and any growth in the loan portfolio or uncertainty in the general economy may require that management continue to evaluate the adequacy of the ALLL and make additional provisions in future periods as deemed necessary. 
  
    54 

     Table of Contents  

Non-acquired loans with a balance of   $1.61 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , had   $20.9 million   of the allowance for loan losses allocated to them, providing an allocated allowance for loan loss to non-acquired loan ratio of   1.30%  . Non-acquired loans are total loans minus those loans acquired in the Central merger. New loans and loans renewed after the merger are considered non-acquired loans. 

As part of the merger between MidWest  One   Bank and Central Bank, management developed a single methodology for determining the amount of the ALLL that would be needed at the combined bank. The new methodology is a hybrid of the methods used at MidWest  One   Bank and Central Bank prior to the bank merger, and the results from the new ALLL model are consistent with the results that the two banks calculated individually. 
  During the first quarter of 2016 we changed the historical charge-off component of the ALLL calculation to include both Central Bank and MidWest  One   Bank in the 20-quarter annual average. A separate qualitative factor table is now being maintained for each region MidWest  One   Bank services (Iowa, Minnesota/Wisconsin, and Florida), all with a similar methodology, but adjusted based on the economic/business conditions in each region.  Loans below $250,000 continue to be evaluated solely based on delinquency status, but no longer receive an increased allocation of between 25% and 50% of the loss given default. Instead they receive the normal ASC 450 allocation based on the type of loan and the risk rating. To streamline the ALLL process, a number of low-balance loan types that do not have a material impact on the overall calculation are now excluded. As of the first quarter 2016, overdrafts are no longer included in the ALLL calculation. Additionally, the guaranteed portion of government guaranteed loans is no longer being adjusted out of the calculation, and as a result, the entire loan balance is subject to reserve requirements. Special mention/watch and substandard rated credits not individually reviewed for impairment previously received an allocation of 2 times and 6 times, respectively, of the pass allocation.  Due to the inherent risks associated with special mention/watch risk rated loans (i.e. early stages of financial deterioration, technical exceptions, etc.), this subset is reserved at a level that will cover losses above a pass allocation for loans that had a loss in the last 20 quarters in which the loan was risk rated special mention/watch at the time of the loss. Substandard loans carry greater risk than special mention/watch loans, and as such, this subset is reserved at a level that covers losses above a pass allocation for loans that had a loss in the last 20 quarters in which the loan was risk rated substandard at the time of the loss. Classified and impaired loans are reviewed per the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 310.  
  We currently track the loan to value ( LTV ) ratio of loans in our portfolio, and those loans in excess of internal and supervisory guidelines are presented to the Bank s board of directors on a quarterly basis. At   September 30, 2016  , there were 31 owner-occupied 1-4 family loans with a LTV ratio of 100% or greater. In addition, there were 224 home equity loans without credit enhancement that had a LTV ratio of 100% or greater. We have the first lien on 15 of these equity loans and other financial institutions have the first lien on the remaining 209. Additionally, there were 172 commercial real estate loans without credit enhancement that exceeded the supervisory LTV guidelines. 
  We review all impaired and nonperforming loans individually on a quarterly basis to determine their level of impairment due to collateral deficiency or insufficient cash-flow based on a discounted cash-flow analysis. At   September 30, 2016  , TDRs were not a material portion of the loan portfolio. We review loans 90 days or more past due that are still accruing interest no less than quarterly to determine if there is a strong reason that the credit should not be placed on non-accrual. 
  Capital Resources  
  Total shareholders  equity was   $309.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $296.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  , an increase of   $13.4 million  , or   4.5%  . This increase was primarily attributable to net income of   $16.5 million   for the   first nine months   of   2016  , a   $1.8 million   increase in accumulated other comprehensive income due to market value adjustments on investment securities available for sale, and a   $0.6 million   decrease in treasury stock due to the issuance of   27,067   shares of Company common stock in connection with stock compensation plans. These increases were partially offset by the payment of   $5.5 million   in common stock dividends. No shares of Company common stock were repurchased in the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
  Total shareholders  equity was   10.31%   of total assets as of   September 30, 2016   and was   9.94%   of total assets as of   December 31, 2015  . The ratio of tangible equity to tangible assets was   7.94%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   7.51%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Our Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio was   10.90%   as of   September 30, 2016   and was   10.63%   as of   December 31, 2015  . Risk-based capital guidelines require the classification of assets and some off-balance-sheet items in terms  
  
    55 

     Table of Contents  

of credit-risk exposure and the measuring of capital as a percentage of the risk-adjusted asset totals. We believed that, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which we were subject. As of that date, the Bank was  well capitalized  under regulatory prompt corrective action provisions. 
  In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies approved the implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms in pertinent part (the  Basel III Rules ), and, at the same time, promulgated rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) . In contrast to capital requirements historically, which were in the form of guidelines, Basel III was released in the form of regulations by each of the regulatory agencies. The Basel III Rules are applicable to all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies, other than  small bank holding companies  (generally bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than $1 billion which are not publicly traded companies). The Basel III Rules not only increased most of the required minimum regulatory capital ratios, but they also introduced a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio and the concept of a capital conservation buffer. The Basel III Rules also expanded the definition of capital as in effect previously by establishing criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 capital (Tier 1 capital in addition to Common Equity) and Tier 2 capital. A number of instruments that previously generally qualified as Tier 1 capital now do not qualify, or their qualifications changed. The Basel III Rules also permitted banking organizations with less than $250.0 billion in assets to retain, through a one-time election, the existing treatment for accumulated other comprehensive income, which previously did not affect regulatory capital. The Company elected to retain this treatment, which reduces the volatility of regulatory capital levels. The Basel III Rules have maintained the general structure of the prompt corrective action framework, while incorporating the increased requirements. The prompt corrective action guidelines were also revised to add the Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio. In order to be a  well-capitalized  depository institution under the new regime, a bank must maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5% or more; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8% or more; a Total capital ratio of 10% or more; and a leverage ratio of 5% or more. A new capital conservation buffer, comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. This capital conservation buffer is being phased in, which began January 1, 2016, at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increases each subsequent year by an additional 0.625% until reaching the final level of 2.5% on January 1, 2019. Generally, financial institutions became subject to the new Basel III Rules on January 1, 2015, with phase-in periods for many of the changes. 
  We have traditionally disclosed certain non-GAAP ratios and amounts to evaluate and measure our financial condition, including our Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio. We believe this ratio provides investors with information regarding our financial condition and how we evaluate our financial condition internally. The following table provides a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent.  

56 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the capital levels and minimum required capital levels for the Company, MidWest  One   Bank and, at December 31, 2015 only, Central Bank:    

On   February 15, 2016  ,   30,200   restricted stock units were granted to certain officers of the Company. Additionally, during the first   nine months   of   2016  ,   25,633   shares of common stock were issued in connection with the vesting of previously awarded grants of restricted stock units, of which   1,466   shares were surrendered by grantees to satisfy tax requirements, and   6,875   nonvested restricted stock units were forfeited.   2,900   shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of previously issued stock options, and   950   options were forfeited.  
  Liquidity  
  Liquidity management involves meeting the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers. We conduct liquidity management on both a daily and long-term basis, and adjust our investments in liquid assets based on expected loan demand, projected loan maturities and payments, expected deposit flows, yields available on interest-bearing deposits, and the objectives of our asset/liability management program. We had liquid assets (cash and cash equivalents) of   $52.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $47.1 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . Interest-bearing deposits in banks at   September 30, 2016  , increased to   $6.3 million  , an increase of   $3.6 million   from   December 31, 2015  . Investment securities classified as available for sale, totaling   $436.2 million   and   $427.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, could be sold to meet liquidity needs if necessary. Additionally, the Bank maintains unsecured lines of credit with several correspondent banks and secured lines with the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window and the FHLB that would allow us to borrow funds on a short-term basis, if necessary. Management believed that the Company had sufficient liquidity as of   September 30, 2016   to meet the needs of borrowers and depositors.  
  Our principal sources of funds between   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   were proceeds from the maturity and sale of investment securities, and FHLB borrowings. While scheduled loan amortization and maturing interest-bearing deposits in banks are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by economic  
  
    57 

     Table of Contents  

conditions, the general level of interest rates, and competition. We utilize particular sources of funds based on comparative costs and availability. This includes fixed-rate FHLB borrowings that can generally be obtained at a more favorable cost than deposits of comparable maturity. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to maintain a steady deposit base but from time to time may decide, as we have done in the past, not to pay rates on deposits as high as our competition.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $18.8 million   of long-term debt outstanding to an unaffiliated banking organization. See Note 11.  Long-Term Borrowings  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our long-term debt. We also have   $23.7 million   of indebtedness payable under junior subordinated debentures issued to subsidiary trusts that issued trust preferred securities in pooled offerings. See Note 10.  Subordinated Notes Payable  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our junior subordinated notes. 
  Inflation 
  The effects of price changes and inflation can vary substantially for most financial institutions. While management believes that inflation affects the growth of total assets, it is difficult to assess its overall impact on the Company. The price of one or more of the components of the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) may fluctuate considerably and thereby influence the overall CPI without having a corresponding effect on interest rates or upon the cost of those goods and services normally purchased by us. In years of high inflation and high interest rates, intermediate and long-term interest rates tend to increase, thereby adversely impacting the market values of investment securities, mortgage loans and other long-term fixed rate loans held by financial institutions. In addition, higher short-term interest rates caused by inflation tend to increase financial institutions  cost of funds. In other years, the reverse situation may occur. 
  Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements  
  We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers, which include commitments to extend credit, standby and performance letters of credit, and commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to customers at predetermined interest rates, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contracts. Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. We use the same credit policies in making off-balance-sheet commitments as we do for on-balance-sheet instruments.  
  Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. As of   September 30, 2016  , outstanding commitments to extend credit totaled approximately   $439.1 million  . We have established a reserve of   $0.3 million  , which represents our estimate of probable losses as a result of these transactions. This reserve is not part of our allowance for loan losses.  
  Commitments under standby and performance letters of credit outstanding totalled   $12.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . We do not anticipate any losses as a result of these transactions. 
  Residential mortgage loans sold to others are predominantly conventional residential first lien mortgages originated under our usual underwriting procedures, and are most often sold on a nonrecourse basis. At   September 30, 2016  , there were approximately   $2.7 million   of mandatory commitments with investors to sell not yet originated residential mortgage loans. We do not anticipate any losses as a result of these transactions.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
  In general, market risk is the risk of change in asset values due to movements in underlying market rates and prices. Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and capital arising from movements in interest rates. Interest rate risk is the most significant market risk affecting the Company as other types of market risk, such as foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity price risk, play a lesser role in the normal course of our business activities.  
  In addition to interest rate risk, economic conditions in recent years have made liquidity risk (in particular, funding liquidity risk) a more prevalent concern among financial institutions. In general, liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to fund an entity s obligations to creditors (including, in the case of banks, obligations to depositors) as such obligations become due and/or fund its acquisition of assets.  
  
    58 

     Table of Contents  

Liquidity Risk  
  Liquidity refers to our ability to fund operations, to meet depositor withdrawals, to provide for our customers  credit needs, and to meet maturing obligations and existing commitments. Our liquidity principally depends on cash flows from operating activities, investment in and maturity of assets, changes in balances of deposits and borrowings, and our ability to borrow funds.  
  Net cash inflows from operating activities were   $31.7 million   in the first   nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $22.1 million   in the first   nine months   of   2015  . Net income before depreciation, amortization, and accretion is generally the primary contributor for net cash inflows from operating activities. 
  Net cash   outflows   from investing activities were   $26.8 million   in the   first nine months   of   2016  , compared to net cash   inflows   of   $53.1 million   in the comparable   nine  -month period of   2015  . In the first   nine   months of   2016  , investment securities transactions resulted in net cash   outflows   of   $39.4 million  , compared to   inflows   of   $155.8 million   during the same period of   2015  . The sale of our Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin and Davenport, Iowa branch offices contributed to net cash inflows related to the net decrease in loans of   $7.1 million   for the first   nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $89.5 million   of net cash outflows related to the net increase in loans for the same period of   2015  . Purchases of premises and equipment resulted in   $4.6 million   cash outflows in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to outflows of   $11.6 million   in the comparable period of   2015  , reflecting the finalization of the construction of a new Home Mortgage and Operations Center, which was complete at the end of 2015, at a total cost of $16.0 million, and the restoration and remodeling of the building that serves as the main office of the Bank and headquarters of the Company, which was completed in April 2016 at a cost of $13.8 million. There were no cash inflows from loan pool participations during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $19.3 million   during the same period of   2015  , as we sold our interest in these instruments in the second quarter of 2015.  
  Net cash   inflows   from financing activities in the   first nine months   of   2016   was   $2.0 thousand  , compared with net cash   outflows   of   $6.3 million   for the same period of   2015  . The largest financing cash outflows during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was a decrease of   $17.6 million   in deposits, the use of   $5.5 million   to pay dividends, a   $4.0 million   and decrease in securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and   $3.8 million   of payments on long-term debt. Sources of cash inflows during the   first nine months   of   2016   were an increase of   $17.8 million   in federal funds purchased, and a net increase of    $13.0 million   in FHLB borrowings. 
  To further mitigate liquidity risk, the Bank has several sources of liquidity in place to maximize funding availability and increase the diversification of funding sources. The criteria for evaluating the use of these sources include volume concentration (percentage of liabilities), cost, volatility, and the fit with the current asset/liability management plan. These acceptable sources of liquidity include:  
     Federal Funds Lines 
     FHLB Borrowings 
     Brokered Deposits 
     Brokered Repurchase Agreements 
     Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window 
  Federal Funds Lines:  
  Routine liquidity requirements are met by fluctuations in the federal funds position of the Bank. The principal function of these funds is to maintain short-term liquidity. Unsecured federal funds purchased lines are viewed as a volatile liability and are not used as a long-term funding solution, especially when used to fund long-term assets. Multiple correspondent relationships are preferable and federal funds sold exposure to any one customer is continuously monitored. The current federal funds purchased limit is 10% of total assets, or the amount of established federal funds lines, whichever is smaller. Currently, the Bank has unsecured federal funds lines totaling   $95.0 million  , which lines are tested annually to ensure availability.  
  FHLB Borrowings:  
  FHLB borrowings provide both a source of liquidity and long-term funding for the Bank. Use of this type of funding is coordinated with both the strategic balance sheet growth projections and interest rate risk profile of the Bank. Factors that are taken into account when contemplating use of FHLB borrowings are the effective interest rate, the collateral requirements, community investment program credits, and the implications and cost of having to purchase incremental FHLB stock. The current FHLB borrowing limit is   35%   of total assets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had   $100.0 million   in outstanding FHLB borrowings, leaving   $226.5 million   available for liquidity needs, based on collateral capacity. These borrowings are secured by various real estate loans (residential, commercial and agricultural).  
  
    59 

     Table of Contents  

Brokered Deposits: 
  The Bank has brokered certificate of deposit lines/deposit relationships available to help diversify its various funding sources. Brokered deposits offer several benefits relative to other funding sources, such as: maturity structures which cannot be duplicated in the current deposit market, deposit gathering which does not cannibalize the existing deposit base, the unsecured nature of these liabilities, and the ability to quickly generate funds. However, brokered deposits are often viewed as a volatile liability by banking regulators and market participants. This viewpoint, and the desire to not develop a large funding concentration in any one area outside of the Bank s core market area, is reflected in an internal policy stating that the Bank limit the use of brokered deposits as a funding source to no more than 10% of total assets. Board approval is required to exceed this limit. the Bank will also have to maintain a  well capitalized  standing to access brokered deposits, as an  adequately capitalized  rating would require an FDIC waiver to do so, and an  undercapitalized  rating would prohibit it from using brokered deposits altogether. 
  Brokered Repurchase Agreements:  
  Brokered repurchase agreements may be established with approved brokerage firms and banks. Repurchase agreements create rollover risk (the risk that a broker will discontinue the relationship due to market factors) and are not used as a long-term funding solution, especially when used to fund long-term assets. Collateral requirements and availability are evaluated and monitored. The current policy limit for brokered repurchase agreements is 10% of total assets. There were no outstanding brokered repurchase agreements at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window:  
  The Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window is another source of liquidity, particularly during difficult economic times. the Bank has a borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago limited by the amount of municipal securities pledged against the line. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had municipal securities with an approximate market value of   $13.2 million   pledged for liquidity purposes.  
  Interest Rate Risk  
  Interest rate risk is defined as the exposure of net interest income and fair value of financial instruments (interest-earning assets, deposits and borrowings) to movements in interest rates. The Company s results of operations depend to a large degree on its net interest income and its ability to manage interest rate risk. The Company considers interest rate risk to be one of its more significant market risks. The major sources of the Company's interest rate risk are timing differences in the maturity and re-pricing characteristics of assets and liabilities, changes in the shape of the yield curve, changes in customer behavior and changes in relationships between rate indices (basis risk). Management measures these risks and their impact in various ways, including through the use of income simulation and valuation analyses. The interest rate scenarios used in such analysis may include gradual or rapid changes in interest rates, spread narrowing and widening, yield curve twists and changes in assumptions about customer behavior in various interest rate scenarios. A mismatch between maturities, interest rate sensitivities and prepayment characteristics of assets and liabilities results in interest-rate risk. Like most financial institutions, we have material interest-rate risk exposure to changes in both short-term and long-term interest rates, as well as variable interest rate indices (e.g., the prime rate or LIBOR). There has been very little change in the Company s interest rate profile between   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities has remained stable over the period. 
  The Bank s asset and liability committee meets regularly and is responsible for reviewing its interest rate sensitivity position and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to interest rate risk. Our asset  and  liability  committee  seeks  to  manage interest  rate  risk  under a  variety of rate  environments  by structuring  our balance sheet and off-balance-sheet positions in such a way that changes in interest rates do not have a large negative impact. The risk is monitored and managed within approved policy limits.  
  We use a third-party service to model and measure our exposure to potential interest rate changes. For various assumed hypothetical  changes  in  market interest  rates,  numerous  other  assumptions  are  made, such  as  prepayment  speeds  on  loans  and securities backed by mortgages, the  slope  of the Treasury yield-curve, the  rates  and volumes of our deposits, and the  rates  and volumes of our loans. There are two primary tools used to evaluate interest rate risk: net interest income simulation and economic value of equity ("EVE"). In addition, interest rate gap is reviewed to monitor asset and liability repricing over various time periods.  
  Net Interest Income Simulation:    
  Management utilizes net interest income simulation models to estimate the near-term effects of changing interest rates on its net interest income. Net interest income simulation involves forecasting net interest income under a variety of scenarios, which include varying the level of interest rates and the shape of the yield curve. Management exercises its best judgment in making assumptions regarding events that management can influence, such as non-contractual deposit re-pricings, and events outside management's control, such as customer behavior on loan and deposit activity and the effect that competition has on both loan  
  
    60 

     Table of Contents  

and deposit pricing. These assumptions are subjective and, as a result, net interest income simulation results will differ from actual results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, changes in market conditions, customer behavior and management strategies, among other factors. We perform various sensitivity analyses on assumptions of deposit attrition and deposit re-pricing.  
  The following table presents the anticipated effect on net interest income over a twelve month period if short- and long-term interest rates were to sustain an immediate increase of 100 basis points and 200 basis points: 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   40.3%    of the Company s earning asset balances will reprice or are expected to pay down in the next twelve months, and   45.6%    of the Company s deposit balances are low cost or no cost deposits. 
  Economic Value of Equity:    
  Management also uses EVE to measure risk in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the net interest income simulation analysis. Net interest income simulation highlights exposure over a relatively short time period, while EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The valuation of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the discounted present value of liability cash flows. EVE analysis addresses only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the run-off replacement assumptions that are used in the net interest income simulation model. As with the net interest income simulation model, EVE analysis is based on key assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows and does not take into account any potential responses by management to anticipated changes in interest rates.  
  Interest Rate Gap:    
  The interest rate gap is the difference between earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities re-pricing within a given period and represents the net asset or liability sensitivity at a point in time. An interest rate gap measure could be significantly affected by external factors such as loan prepayments, early withdrawals of deposits, changes in the correlation of various interest-bearing instruments, competition, or a rise or decline in interest rates.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
  Under supervision and with the participation of certain members of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report with respect to timely communication to them and other members of management responsible for preparing periodic reports of material information required to be disclosed in this report as it relates to the Company and our consolidated subsidiaries.  
  The effectiveness of our or any system of disclosure controls and procedures is subject to certain limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, and evaluating the controls and procedures, the assumptions used in identifying the likelihood of future events, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. As a result, there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors or fraud or ensure that all material information will be made known to appropriate management in a timely fashion. By their nature, our or any system of disclosure controls and procedures can provide only reasonable assurance regarding management s control objectives.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
    61 

     Table of Contents  

Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of such term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We and our representatives may, from time to time, make written or oral statements that are  forward-looking  and provide information other than historical information. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. These factors include, among other things, the factors listed below. 
  Forward-looking statements, which may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to management, are generally identifiable by the use of words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   should,   could,   would,   plans,   goals,   intend,   project,   estimate,   forecast,   may  or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Additionally, we undertake no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events, except as required under federal securities law. 
  Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors that could have an impact on our ability to achieve operating results, growth plan goals and future prospects include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    credit quality deterioration or pronounced and sustained reduction in real estate market values that cause an increase in our allowance for credit losses and a reduction in net earnings; 
                
    our management s ability to reduce and effectively manage interest rate risk and the impact of interest rates in general on the volatility of our net interest income; 
                
    changes in the economic environment, competition, or other factors that may affect our ability to acquire loans or influence the anticipated growth rate of loans and deposits and the quality of the loan portfolio and loan and deposit pricing; 
                
    fluctuations in the value of our investment securities; 
                
    governmental monetary and fiscal policies; 
                
    legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators (particularly with respect to the Dodd-Frank Act and the extensive regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, as well as the Basel III Rules and changes in the scope and cost of FDIC insurance and other coverages); 
                
    the ability to attract and retain key executives and employees experienced in banking and financial services; 
                
    the sufficiency of the allowance for loan losses to absorb the amount of actual losses inherent in our existing loan portfolio; 
                
    our ability to adapt successfully to technological changes to compete effectively in the marketplace; 
                
    credit risks and risks from concentrations (by geographic area and by industry) within our loan portfolio; 
                
    the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds, and other financial institutions operating in our markets or elsewhere or providing similar services; 
                
    the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of allowances for loan losses and estimation of values of collateral and various financial assets and liabilities; 
                
    the risks of mergers, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; 
                
    volatility of rate-sensitive deposits; 
                
    operational risks, including data processing system failures or fraud; 
                
    asset/liability matching risks and liquidity risks; 
                
    the costs, effects and outcomes of existing or future litigation; 
                
    changes in general economic or industry conditions, internationally, nationally or in the communities in which we conduct business; 
                
    changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by state and federal regulatory agencies and the FASB;  
                
    the effects of cyber-attacks; and 
                
    other factors and risks described under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended   December 31, 2015  . 

62 

     Table of Contents  

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by the foregoing cautionary statements. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  The Company and its subsidiaries are from time to time parties to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. We believe that there are no threatened or pending proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business, against the Company or its subsidiaries or of which any of their property is the subject, which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended   December 31, 2015  . Please refer to that section of our Form 10-K for disclosures regarding the risks and uncertainties related to our business. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
  On   July 21, 2016  , the board of directors of the Company approved a new share repurchase program, allowing for the repurchase of up to   $5.0 million   of stock through   December 31, 2018  . The new repurchase program replaced the Company s prior repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company had repurchased $1.2 million of common stock since the plan was announced in July 2014. Pursuant to the repurchase program, the Company may continue to repurchase shares from time to time in the open market, and the method, timing and amounts of repurchase will be solely in the discretion of the Company s management. The repurchase program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares. Therefore, the amount of shares repurchased pursuant to the program will depend on several factors, including market conditions, capital and liquidity requirements, and alternative uses for cash available. Of the   $5.0 million   of stock authorized under the repurchase plan,   $5.0 million   remained available for possible future repurchases as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  Not Applicable.  

Item 5. Other Information. 
  None. 

63 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits. 
                         Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      
    Incorporated by Reference to: 

10.1 

Employment Agreement between MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. and Kurt Weise, dated December 12, 2014 
      
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2016 

10.2 

Letter of Amendment to Employment Agreement between MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. and Kurt Weise, effective as of September 30, 2016 
      
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2016 

10.3 

Employment Agreement between MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. and Kevin Kramer, effective October 4, 2016 
      
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 4, 2016 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
      
    Filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
      
    Filed herewith 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

64 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

M  ID  W  EST  O  NE   F  INANCIAL   G  ROUP  , I  NC  . 

Dated: 
    November 3, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ C  HARLES   N. F  UNK 

Charles N. Funk 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
      
    /s/ K  ATIE   A. L  ORENSON 

Katie A. Lorenson 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

65 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3112016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  I, Charles N. Funk, President and Chief Executive Officer of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc., certify that:  

1) 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc.;  

2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ C  HARLES   N. F  UNK 
      Charles N. Funk 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3122016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  I, Katie A. Lorenson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc., certify that:  
                         
    1) 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc.;  

2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ K  ATIE   A. L  ORENSON 
      Katie A. Lorenson 
      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3212016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Charles N. Funk, the President and Chief Executive Officer of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(b) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. 

/s/ C  HARLES   N. F  UNK 
      Charles N. Funk 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

This certification accompanies this Form 10-Q and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3222016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Katie A. Lorenson, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(b) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MidWest  One   Financial Group, Inc. 

/s/ K  ATIE   A. L  ORENSON 
      Katie A. Lorenson 
      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: 
    November 3, 2016 

This certification accompanies this Form 10-Q and shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mofg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mofg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mofg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mofg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mofg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mofg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

