<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1476150_0001193125-16-757009_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6786622</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139256</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>331999</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1559355</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2914668</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1562499</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-757009.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102160312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-757009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Terreno Realty Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001476150
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34603
		FILM NUMBER:		161967799

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16 MAIDEN LANE
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 655-4580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16 MAIDEN LANE
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-757009.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 d265259d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
  Form 10-Q       
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period
from                     to                   
      Commission file number 001-34603   
  Terreno Realty Corporation   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)       
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (415) 655-4580   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). Yes     No        The
registrant had 46,415,327 shares of its common stock, $0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of October 31, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Table of Contents       

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
    
 Financial Statements of Terreno Realty Corporation (unaudited) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015   

2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2016 and 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Consolidated Statement of Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
 and 2015   

6 

Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

7 

Item 2.   
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

21 

Item 3.   
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

37 

Item 4.   
    
  Controls and Procedures  

38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
    
  Legal Proceedings  

39 

Item 1A.   
    
  Risk Factors  

39 

Item 2.   
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

39 

Item 3.   
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

39 

Item 4.   
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

39 

Item 5.   
    
  Other Information  

39 

Item 6.   
    
  Exhibits  

39 

SIGNATURES   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

1  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (in thousands   except share and per share data)       
   The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  (in thousands   except share and per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
  (in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Consolidated Statement of Equity   
  (in thousands   except share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Terreno Realty Corporation   
    Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

Note 1.  
  Organization       Terreno Realty Corporation ( Terreno , and together with its
subsidiaries, the  Company ) acquires, owns and operates industrial real estate in six major coastal U.S. markets: Los Angeles; Northern New Jersey/New York City; San Francisco Bay Area; Seattle; Miami; and
Washington, D.C./Baltimore. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned 159 buildings aggregating approximately 11.7 million square feet and four improved land parcels consisting of approximately 21.4 acres.  
 The Company commenced operations upon completion of an initial public offering and a concurrent private placement of common stock purchased by
the Company s executive management on February 16, 2010. The Company is an internally managed Maryland corporation and elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2010.      

Note 2.  
  Significant Accounting Policies         Basis of Presentation.   The
accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and disclosures required by GAAP for annual financial statements. In management s opinion, all adjustments (consisting
of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The interim consolidated financial statements include all of the Company s accounts and its subsidiaries and all intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements contained in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the notes thereto, which was filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2016.      Use of Estimates.   The preparation of the interim consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      Capitalization of Costs.   The Company capitalizes costs
directly related to the redevelopment, renovation and expansion of its investment in real estate. Costs associated with such projects are capitalized as incurred. If the project is abandoned, these costs are expensed during the period in which the
redevelopment or expansion project is abandoned. Costs considered for capitalization include, but are not limited to, construction costs, interest, real estate taxes and insurance, if appropriate. These costs are capitalized only during the period
in which activities necessary to ready an asset for its intended use are in progress. In the event that the activities to ready the asset for its intended use are suspended, the capitalization period will cease until such activities are resumed.
Costs incurred for maintaining and repairing properties, which do not extend their useful lives, are expensed as incurred.    Interest is capitalized based
on actual capital expenditures from the period when redevelopment, renovation or expansion commences until the asset is ready for its intended use, at the weighted average borrowing rate during the period.  
   Investments in Real Estate.   Investments in real estate, including tenant improvements, leasehold improvements and leasing costs,
are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, unless circumstances indicate that the cost cannot be recovered, in which case, an adjustment to the carrying value of the property is made to reduce it to its estimated fair value. The Company also
reviews the impact of above and below-market leases, in-place leases and lease origination costs for acquisitions and records an intangible asset or liability accordingly.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

    Impairment.   Carrying values for financial reporting purposes are reviewed for
impairment on a property-by-property basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be fully recoverable. Examples of such events or changes in circumstances may include classifying an asset
to be held for sale, changing the intended hold period or when an asset remains vacant significantly longer than expected. The intended use of an asset either held for sale or held for use can significantly impact how impairment is measured. If an
asset is intended to be held for the long-term, the recoverability is based on the undiscounted future cash flows. If the asset carrying value is not supported on an undiscounted future cash flow basis, then the asset carrying value is measured
against the lower of cost or the present value of expected cash flows over the expected hold period. An impairment charge to earnings is recognized for the excess of the asset s carrying value over the lower of cost or the present values of
expected cash flows over the expected hold period. If an asset is intended to be sold, impairment is determined using the estimated fair value less costs to sell. The estimation of expected future net cash flows is inherently uncertain and relies on
assumptions, among other things, regarding current and future economic and market conditions and the availability of capital. The Company determines the estimated fair values based on its assumptions regarding rental rates, lease-up and holding
periods, as well as sales prices. When available, current market information is used to determine capitalization and rental growth rates. If available, current comparative sales values may also be used to establish fair value. When market
information is not readily available, the inputs are based on the Company s understanding of market conditions and the experience of the Company s management team. Actual results could differ significantly from the Company s
estimates. The discount rates used in the fair value estimates represent a rate commensurate with the indicated holding period with a premium layered on for risk. There were no impairment charges recorded during the three or nine months ended
September 30, 2016 or 2015.      Property Acquisitions.   Upon acquisition of a property, which are accounted for as business
combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805  Business Combinations , the Company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting generally of land, buildings and improvements) and
intangible assets and liabilities (consisting generally of the above and below-market leases and the origination value of all in-place leases). The Company determines fair values using replacement cost, estimated cash flow projections and other
valuation techniques and applying appropriate discount and capitalization rates based on available market information. Mortgage loans assumed in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their fair value using current market interest rates for
similar debt at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred.    The fair value of the
tangible assets is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant. Land values are derived from current comparative sales values, when available, or management s estimates of the fair value based on market conditions and the experience
of the Company s management team. Building and improvement values are calculated as replacement cost less depreciation, or management s estimates of the fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods. The
fair value of the above and below-market leases is based on the present value of the difference between the contractual amounts to be received pursuant to the acquired leases (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the
acquired leases) and the Company s estimate of the market lease rates measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the leases plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options. The above and below-market lease values are
amortized to rental revenues over the remaining initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options that are considered bargain renewal options of the respective leases. The total net impact to rental revenues due to the
amortization of above and below-market leases was a net increase of approximately $0.3 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and approximately $1.0 million and $1.6 million,
respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The origination value of in-place leases is based on costs to execute similar leases, including commissions and other related costs. The origination value of in-place leases
also includes real estate taxes, insurance and an estimate of lost rental revenue at market rates during the estimated time required to lease up the property from vacant to the occupancy level at the date of acquisition. The remaining weighted
average lease term related to these intangible assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 is 2.8 years. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s intangible assets and liabilities, including properties
held for sale (if any), consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
     Depreciation and Useful Lives of Real Estate and Intangible Assets.   Depreciation and
amortization are computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets or liabilities. The following table reflects the standard depreciable lives typically used to compute depreciation and amortization. However,
such depreciable lives may be different based on the estimated useful life of such assets or liabilities.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Description   
    
    Standard Depreciable Life    

Land 
    
 Not depreciated  
 
 Building 
    
 40 years  
 
 Building Improvements 
    
 5-40 years  
 
 Tenant Improvements 
    
 Shorter of lease term or useful life  
 
 Leasing Costs 
    
 Lease term  
 
 In-place leases 
    
 Lease term  
 
 Above/Below-Market Leases 
    
 Lease term  
     Discontinued Operations.   The Company considers a property to be classified as discontinued
operations when it meets the criteria established under Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements  (Topic 205) and  Property, Plant and Equipment  (Topic 360),  Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . Disposals that represent a strategic shift that should have or will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results qualify as
discontinued operations.      Held for Sale Assets.   The Company considers a property to be held for sale when it meets the
criteria established under ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment  (Note 5). Properties held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to sell and are not depreciated while they are held for
sale.      Cash and Cash Equivalents.   Cash and cash equivalents consists of cash held in a major banking institution and
other highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash equivalents are generally invested in U.S. government securities, government agency securities or money market accounts.  
   Restricted Cash.   Restricted cash includes cash held in escrow in connection with property acquisitions and reserves for
certain capital improvements, leasing, interest and real estate tax and insurance payments as required by certain mortgage loan obligations.  
   Revenue Recognition.   The Company records rental revenue from operating leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the
leases and maintains an allowance for estimated losses that may result from the inability of its tenants to make required payments. If tenants fail to make contractual lease payments that are greater than the Company s allowance for doubtful
accounts, security deposits and letters of credit, then the Company may have to recognize additional doubtful account charges in future periods. The Company monitors the liquidity and creditworthiness of its tenants on an on-going basis by reviewing
their financial condition periodically as appropriate. Each period the Company reviews its outstanding accounts receivable, including straight-line rents, for doubtful accounts and provides allowances as needed. The Company also records lease
termination fees when a tenant has executed a definitive termination agreement with the Company and the payment of the termination fee is not subject to any conditions that must be met or waived before the fee is due to the Company. If a tenant
remains in the leased space following the execution of a definitive termination agreement, the applicable termination will be deferred and recognized over the term of such tenant s occupancy.  
 Tenant expense reimbursement income includes payments and amounts due from tenants pursuant to their leases for real estate taxes, insurance and other
recoverable property operating expenses and is recognized as revenues during the same period the related expenses are incurred.    As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $19.1 million and $14.9 million, respectively, of straight-line rent and accounts receivable, net of allowances of approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively, were included as a component of other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
   Deferred Financing Costs.   Costs incurred in connection with financings are capitalized and amortized to interest expense using
the effective interest method over the term of the related loan. Deferred financing costs associated with the revolving credit facility are classified as an asset and deferred financing costs associated with debt liabilities are reported as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Deferred financing costs related to the revolving credit facility and debt liabilities are shown at cost, net of accumulated amortization in
the aggregate of approximately $4.4 million and $3.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    Mortgage Premiums   .  Mortgage premiums represent the excess of the fair value
of debt assumed over the principal value of debt assumed in connection with property acquisitions. The mortgage premiums are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt instrument using the effective interest method. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the net unamortized mortgage premiums were approximately $1,300 and $0.2 million, respectively, and were included as a component of mortgage loans payable on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.      Income Taxes.   The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code and operates as such beginning with its
taxable year ended December 31, 2010. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of its annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders
(which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax
to the extent it distributes qualifying dividends to its stockholders. If it fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally will not
be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants it relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could
materially adversely affect the Company s net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, the Company believes it is organized and operates in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT.  
 ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes,  provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial
statements. ASC 740-10 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  of being sustained by the applicable tax
authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax expense in the current year. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax
benefits and does not believe that there will be any material changes in unrecognized tax positions over the next 12 months. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by federal, state and local tax jurisdictions beginning with the
2010 calendar year.      Stock-Based Compensation and Other Long-Term Incentive Compensation.   The Company follows the
provisions of ASC 718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation,  to account for its stock-based compensation plan, which requires that the compensation cost relating to stock-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and
that the cost be measured on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. The Company has adopted the Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, which provides for the grant of restricted stock awards, performance share
awards, unrestricted shares or any combination of the foregoing. Stock-based compensation is recognized as a general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and measured at the fair value of the award on
the date of grant. The Company estimates the forfeiture rate based on historical experience as well as expected behavior. The amount of the expense may be subject to adjustment in future periods depending on the specific characteristics of the
stock-based award.    In addition, the Company has awarded long-term incentive target awards (the  Performance Share awards ) to its executives
that may be payable in shares of the Company s common stock after the conclusion of each pre-established performance measurement period, generally three years. The amount that may be earned under the Performance Share awards is variable
depending on the relative total shareholder return of the Company s common stock as compared to the total shareholder return of the MSCI U.S. REIT Index (RMS) and the FTSE NAREIT Equity Industrial Index over the pre-established performance
measurement period. The Company estimates the fair value of the Performance Share awards using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant and at each reporting period. The Performance Share awards are recognized as compensation expense over
the requisite performance period based on the fair value of the Performance Share awards at the balance sheet date.      Use of
Derivative Financial Instruments.   ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging  (Note 7), provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced
understanding of: (a) how and why the Company uses derivative instruments, (b) how the Company accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items, and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect the
Company s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Further, qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company s objectives and strategies for using derivatives, as well as quantitative disclosures about the
fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments.    The Company records all derivatives on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair
value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging
relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk,
such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.
Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk
in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks, even though hedge accounting does
not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had three interest rate caps to hedge the variable cash flows
associated with its existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loans. The caps have a notional value of $150.0 million and will effectively cap the annual interest rate at 4.0% plus 1.30% to 1.85%, depending on leverage, with respect to $50.0
million for the period from December 1, 2014 (effective date) to May 1, 2021, $50.0 million for the period from September 1, 2015 (effective date) to April 1, 2019, and $50.0 million for the period from September 1, 2015
(effective date) to February 3, 2020. The Company records all derivative instruments on a gross basis in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and accordingly, there are no offsetting amounts that net assets against
liabilities. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of the interest rate caps was approximately $0.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively.  
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   .  ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  (Note 8), defines fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 also provides guidance for using fair value to measure financial assets and
liabilities. ASC 820 requires disclosure of the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall, including measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active (Level 2), and significant valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market (Level 3).  
   New Accounting Standards.   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-09,
which created ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  which is their final standard on revenue from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenues
arising from contracts with customers. The effective date of ASU 2014-09 was deferred by the issuance of ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606):  Deferral of the Effective Date,  by one year to make the guidance
of ASU 2014-09 effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim period therein. Early adoption is permitted but not prior to the original effective date, which was for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606):  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , which clarifies how to
apply the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations related to the sale of goods or services to a customer as updated by ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
(Topic 606):  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies two aspects of Topic 606: (1) identifying performance obligations and (2) the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles
for those areas. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements in ASU 2015-14. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (Topic 606):  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which makes narrow scope amendments to Topic 606 including implementation issues on collectability, non-cash consideration and completed contracts at transition. The Company
is currently assessing the impact on its consolidated financial statements and notes to its consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt this update beginning January 1, 2018.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, update to ASC subtopic 250-40,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern . The
amendments require management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in the U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a
definition of the term  substantial doubt , (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principals for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an
assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is
permitted. The Company will adopt the guidance in 2016 and is currently assessing the impact on its consolidated financial statements and notes to its consolidated financial statements.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). The ASU increases transparency
and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including
interim periods within those years, which for the Company would be the first quarter of 2019, and early adoption is permitted. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period
presented using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The Company is currently assessing the impact on its consolidated financial
statements and notes to its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation  (Topic
718):  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
assessing the impact on its consolidated financial statements and notes to its consolidated financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows  (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which intends to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU
2016-15 provides guidance on eight specific cash flow issues, including the following that are, or may be, relevant to the Company; (1) cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs should be classified as cash outflows for
financing activities, (2) cash payments relating to contingent consideration made soon after an acquisition s consummation date (i.e., approximately three months or less) should be classified as cash outflows for investing activities and
payments made thereafter should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities up to the amount of the original contingent consideration liability and payments made in excess of the amount of the original contingent consideration liability
should be classified as cash outflows for operating activities, (3) cash payments received from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the nature of the loss (or each component loss, if an entity receives a
lump-sum settlement, (4) in the absence of specific guidance, an entity should classify each separately identifiable cash source and use on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows. For cash flows with aspects of more than one class
that cannot be separated, the classification should be based on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flow. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements and notes to its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the adoption of ASU
2016-15 to have a material impact.      Segment Disclosure.   ASC 280,  Segment Reporting , establishes standards for
reporting financial and descriptive information about an enterprise s reportable segments. The Company has determined that it has one reportable segment, with activities related to investing in real estate. The Company s investments in
real estate are geographically diversified and the chief operating decision makers evaluate operating performance on an individual asset level. As each of the Company s assets has similar economic characteristics, the assets have been
aggregated into one reportable segment.      

Note 3.  
  Concentration of Credit Risk       Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company
to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company may maintain deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. However, the Company s management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the depository institutions in which those deposits are held.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company owned 45 buildings and approximately 2.8 million square feet located in Northern New Jersey/New York City,
which accounted for approximately 23.7% of its annualized base rent and 26 buildings and approximately 2.7 million square feet located in Washington D.C./Baltimore, which accounted for approximately 22.9% of its annualized base rent. Such
annualized base rent percentages are based on contractual base rent from leases in effect as of September 30, 2016, excluding any partial or full rent abatements.  
 Other real estate companies compete with the Company in its real estate markets. This results in competition for tenants to occupy space. The existence of
competing properties could have a material impact on the Company s ability to lease space and on the level of rent that can be achieved. The Company had no tenants that accounted for greater than approximately 10% of its rental revenues for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Note 4.  
  Investments in Real Estate       During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company acquired five industrial buildings containing approximately 244,000 square feet and one improved land parcel containing approximately 13.4 acres. The total aggregate initial investment was approximately $36.7 million, of which $14.8 million
was recorded to land, $17.7 million to buildings and improvements, $4.2 million to intangible assets and $0.2 million to intangible liabilities.    During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company acquired 12 industrial buildings containing approximately 531,000 square feet and two improved land parcels containing approximately 17.9 acres. The total aggregate initial investment was
approximately $86.0 million, of which $41.4 million was recorded to land, $37.3 million to buildings and improvements, $7.3 million to intangible assets and $1.4 million to intangible liabilities.  
 The Company recorded revenues and net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $1.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively,
and recorded revenues and net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $2.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the 2016 acquisitions.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company acquired eight industrial buildings containing approximately 293,000 square feet, including
the assumption of a mortgage loan payable with a total principal amount of approximately $4.8 million with a fixed interest rate of 5.71% that matured in March 2016. The total aggregate initial investment was approximately $29.8 million, of which
$10.1 million was recorded to land, $17.9 million to buildings and improvements, $1.8 million to intangible assets and $0.3 million to intangible liabilities.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company acquired 21 industrial buildings containing approximately 1,639,000 square feet. The total
aggregate initial investment was approximately $198.4 million, of which $96.7 million was recorded to land, $87.5 million to buildings and improvements, $14.2 million to intangible assets and $2.8 million to intangible liabilities.  
 The Company recorded revenues and net income for the three months ended September 30, 2015 of approximately $3.5 million and $0.6 million, respectively,
and recorded revenues and net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of approximately $8.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively, related to the 2015 acquisitions.  
 The above assets and liabilities were recorded at fair value, which uses Level 3 inputs. The properties were acquired from unrelated third parties using
existing cash on hand, proceeds from property sales and issuance of common stock and borrowings on the revolving credit facility and were accounted for as business combinations.  
 During September 2016, the Company completed redevelopment of its South Main Street property in Carson, California. The Company demolished three buildings
totaling approximately 186,000 square feet and constructed a new front-load industrial distribution building containing approximately 210,000 square foot and renovated an existing approximately 34,000 square foot office building. The Company
capitalized interest associated with redevelopment and expansion activities of approximately $0.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and approximately $0.6 million and $0.1 million,
respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     Pro Forma Financial Information:   
 The following supplementary pro forma financial information presents the results of operations of the Company for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 as if all of the Company s acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 occurred on January 1, 2015. The following pro forma results for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been presented for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have actually occurred had all transactions taken place on January 1, 2015, or of
future results of operations (dollars in thousands, except per share data).      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

Note 5.  
  Held for Sale/Disposed Assets       The Company considers a property to be held for sale when
it meets the criteria established under ASC 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment . Properties held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to sell and are not depreciated while they are held
for sale. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any properties held for sale.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company sold one property located in the San Francisco Bay Area market for a sales price of approximately $8.2 million, resulting in a gain of approximately $2.7 million, one property in the Washington D.C./Baltimore market for a sales price of
approximately $8.2 million, resulting in a gain of approximately $2.5 million and one property located in the Miami market for a sales price of approximately $6.1 million, resulting in a gain of approximately $1.9 million. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold one property located in the San Francisco Bay Area market for a sales price of approximately $13.4 million, resulting in a gain of approximately $6.3 million.  
 The following summarizes the condensed results of operations of the properties sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
    Note 6. Debt   
 On July 7, 2016, the Company issued in a private placement $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a ten-year term that bear interest
at a fixed annual interest rate of 3.99% and mature in July 2026. The proceeds from the issuance were used to repay the previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to mature in May 2021 and the related unamortized deferred financing
costs of approximately $0.2 million were written off to loss on extinguishment of debt. As of September 30, 2016, the Company also had $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes that mature in September 2022 and $50.0 million of senior unsecured
notes that mature in October 2027 (collectively, the  Senior Unsecured Notes ).    On August 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Fourth
Amended and Restated Senior Credit Agreement (the  Amended Facility ) to increase the unsecured revolving credit facility from $100.0 million to $200.0 million and extend its maturity to August 2020 (previously May 2018), to extend the
maturity on its $50.0 million term loan to August 2021 (previously May 2019), to extend the maturity on its $100.0 million term loan to January 2022 (previously March 2020) and to repay the previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to
mature in May 2021. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $20.0 million and $0, respectively, of borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility and $150.0 million and $200.0 million, respectively, of borrowings
outstanding on the term loans. As of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had three interest rate caps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with its existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loans. See Note
7 for more information regarding the Company s interest rate caps.    The aggregate amount of the Amended Facility may be increased to a total of up to
$600.0 million, subject to the approval of the administrative agent and the identification of lenders willing to make available additional amounts. Outstanding borrowings under the Amended Facility are limited to the lesser of (i) the sum of
the $150.0 million of term loans and the $200.0 million revolving credit facility, or (ii) 60.0% of the value of the unencumbered properties. Interest on the Amended Facility, including the term loans, is generally to be paid based upon, at the
Company s option, either (i) LIBOR plus the applicable LIBOR margin or (ii) the applicable base rate which is the greatest of the administrative agent s prime rate, 0.50% above the federal funds effective rate, or thirty-day
LIBOR plus the applicable LIBOR margin for LIBOR rate loans under the Amended Facility plus 1.25%. The applicable LIBOR margin will range from 1.35% to 1.90% (1.35% as of September 30, 2016) for the revolving credit facility (previously 1.50%
to 2.05%) and 1.30% to 1.85% (1.30% as of September 30, 2016) for the $50.0 million term loan that matures in August 2021 and the $100.0 million term loan that matures in January 2022 (previously 1.50% to 2.05%), depending on the ratio of the
Company s outstanding consolidated indebtedness to the value of the Company s consolidated gross asset value. The Amended Facility requires quarterly payments of an annual unused facility fee in an amount equal to 0.20% or 0.25% depending
on the unused portion of the Amended Facility.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed by the Company and by substantially all of the
current and to-be-formed subsidiaries of the borrower that own an unencumbered property. The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes are unsecured by the Company s properties or by interests in the subsidiaries that hold such
properties. The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes include a series of financial and other covenants with which the Company must comply. The Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Amended Facility and the Senior
Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.    The Company has mortgage loans payable which are collateralized by certain of
the properties and require monthly interest and principal payments until maturity and are generally non-recourse. The mortgage loans mature between 2017 and 2021. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had four mortgage loans payable, net of
deferred financings costs, totaling approximately $67.1 million, which bear interest at a weighted average fixed annual rate of 4.1%. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had seven mortgage loans payable, net of deferred financing costs,
totaling approximately $83.5 million, which bore interest at a weighted average fixed annual interest rate of 4.4%. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total net book value of the properties securing the debt was
approximately $144.8 million and $177.2 million, respectively.    The scheduled principal payments of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2016
were as follows (dollars in thousands):      

Note 7.  
  Derivative Financial Instruments        Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives   
 The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages
its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources,
and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of
future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of its known or expected cash
payments principally related to its borrowings.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   Derivative Instruments   
 The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage exposure to interest rate movements. To
accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate caps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty at the end of each period in which
the interest rate exceeds the agreed fixed price. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The Company requires that hedging derivative instruments be highly effective in reducing the risk exposure that they are
designated to hedge. As a result, there is no significant ineffectiveness from any of its derivative activities.   The accounting for changes in fair value
(i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging relationship. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges must be
adjusted to fair value through earnings. For a derivative that is designated and that qualifies as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative is initially recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) ( AOCI ). Amounts recorded in AOCI are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of a derivative s change in fair value is
immediately recognized in earnings.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company had three interest rate caps to hedge the variable cash flows associated
with its existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loans. The caps have a notional value of $150.0 million and will effectively cap the annual interest rate payable at 4.0% plus 1.30% to 1.85%, depending on leverage, with respect to $50.0
million for the period from December 1, 2014 (effective date) to May 1, 2021, $50.0 million for the period from September 1, 2015 (effective date) to April 1, 2019 and $50.0 million for the period from September 1, 2015
(effective date) to February 3, 2020. The Company is required to make certain monthly variable rate payments on the term loans, while the applicable counterparty is obligated to make certain monthly floating rate payments based on LIBOR to the
Company in the event LIBOR is greater than 4.0%, referencing the same notional amount.    The Company records all derivative instruments on a gross basis in
other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, and accordingly, there are no offsetting amounts that net assets against liabilities. The following table presents a summary of the Company s derivative instruments designated as hedging
instruments (dollars in thousands):      

Note 8.  
  Fair Value Measurements       ASC 820 requires disclosure of the level within the fair value
hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall, including measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active (Level 2), and significant valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market (Level 3).  
  Recurring Measurements   Interest Rate Contracts   
   Fair Value of Interest Rate Caps      Currently, the
Company uses interest rate cap agreements to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the
derivatives. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. As of September 30, 2016, the Company applied the
provisions of this standard to the valuation of its interest rate caps.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The following sets forth the Company s financial instruments that are accounted for at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):     
     Financial Instruments Disclosed at Fair Value    
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable approximated their carrying values
because of the short-term nature of these investments or liabilities based on Level 1 inputs. The fair values of the Company s derivative instruments were evaluated based on Level 2 inputs. The fair values of the Company s mortgage loans
payable and Senior Unsecured Notes was estimated by calculating the present value of principal and interest payments, based on borrowing rates available to the Company, which are Level 2 inputs, adjusted with a credit spread, as applicable, and
assuming the loans are outstanding through maturity. The fair value of the Company s Amended Facility approximated its carrying value because the variable interest rates approximate market borrowing rates available to the Company, which are
Level 2 inputs.    The following table sets forth the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
    Note 9. Stockholders  Equity   
 The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 100,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. The Company has an at-the-market equity offering program (the  ATM Program ) pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of
up to $100.0 million in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company from time to time. Actual sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions,
the trading price of the Company s common stock, determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and potential uses of funding available to the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the
offering of the shares under the ATM Program, if any, for general corporate purposes, which may include future acquisitions and repayment of indebtedness, including borrowings under the Amended Facility. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 361,351 and 2,990,959 shares, respectively, of common stock at a weighted average offering price of $27.44 and $24.64 per share, respectively, under the ATM Program, resulting in net
proceeds of approximately $9.8 million and $72.6 million, respectively, and paying total compensation to the applicable sales agents of approximately $0.1 million and $1.1 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 0 and 136,600 shares, respectively, of common stock at a weighted average offering price of $22.85 per share under the ATM Program, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $3.1 million
and paying total compensation to the applicable sales agents of approximately $47,000. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $23.2 million and
$96.9 million, respectively, available for issuance under the ATM Program.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The Company has a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 2,000,000 shares of its
outstanding common stock from time to time through December 31, 2016. Purchases made pursuant to the program will be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as permitted by federal securities laws and other
legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other
factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not repurchased any shares of stock pursuant to its share repurchase authorization.  
 In connection with the annual meeting of stockholders on May 5, 2016, the Company granted a total of 14,720 shares of unrestricted common stock to its
independent directors under the Company s Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan with a grant date fair value per share of $23.10. The grant date fair value of the unrestricted common stock was determined using the closing price of the
Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The Company recognized approximately $0.3 million in compensation costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to this issuance.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 1,840,000 shares of 7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the  Series A
Preferred Stock ) were issued and outstanding. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if authorized by the Company s board of directors quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of March, June,
September and December of each year. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, senior to the Company s common stock.  
 Generally, the Company may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to July 19, 2017, except in limited circumstances relating to the Company s
ability to qualify as a REIT, and pursuant to a special optional redemption related to a specified change of control (as defined in the articles supplementary for the Series A Preferred Stock). On and after July 19, 2017, the Company may, at
its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized or declared) up to but
excluding the redemption date.    As of September 30, 2016, there were 1,705,000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance as restricted stock
grants, unrestricted stock awards or Performance Share awards under the Company s Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), of which 800,118 were remaining. The grant date fair value per share of restricted stock
awards issued during the period from February 16, 2010 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2016 ranged from $14.20 to $23.39. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock was determined using the initial public offering
price of $20.00 for grants issued on February 16, 2010 (commencement of operations) and for all grants issued after the commencement of operations, the Company uses the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The
fair value of the restricted stock that was granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.7 million and the vesting period for the restricted stock is five years. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $6.4 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock issuances, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of approximately 3.6 years. The Company recognized compensation
costs of approximately $0.4 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and approximately $1.4 million and $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the restricted
stock issuances.    The following is a summary of the total restricted shares granted to the Company s executive officers and employees with the
related weighted average grant date fair value share prices for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Restricted Stock Activity:   

18  

Table of Contents  

  The following is a vesting schedule of the total non-vested shares of restricted stock outstanding as of
September 30, 2016:      
    Long-Term Incentive Plan:   
 As of September 30, 2016, there are three open performance measurement periods for the Performance Share awards: January 1, 2014 to December 31,
2016, January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2018. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 0 and 132,674 shares, respectively, of common stock at a
price of $21.80 per share related to the Performance Share awards for the performance period from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2015. The Company recorded compensation costs of approximately $2.6 million and $0.6 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately $4.3 million and $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the open Performance Share awards. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $7.7 million and $6.4 million, respectively, of accrued compensation costs related to the Performance Share awards were included as a component of accounts payable and other
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.    The following table summarizes certain information with respect to the performance share
awards (dollars in thousands):      
    Dividends:     The following
table sets forth the cash dividends paid or payable per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      

Note 10.  
  Net Income (Loss) Per Share       Pursuant to ASC 260-10-45,  Determining Whether
Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities , unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are participating securities and are included in the computation of
earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method of computing earnings per share allocates earnings per share for common stock and any participating securities according to dividends declared (whether paid or unpaid) and
participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under the two-class method, earnings per common share are computed by dividing the sum of distributed earnings to common stockholders and undistributed earnings allocated to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The Company s non-vested shares of restricted stock are considered participating securities since these share-based awards contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends
irrespective of whether the awards ultimately vest or expire. The Company had no dilutive restricted stock awards outstanding for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  In accordance with the Company s policies of determining whether instruments granted in share-based payment
transactions are participating securities and accounting for earnings per share, the net income (loss) per common share is adjusted for earnings distributed through declared dividends (if any) and allocated to all participating securities (weighted
average common shares outstanding and unvested restricted shares outstanding) under the two-class method. Under this method, allocations were made to 397,114 and 300,016 of weighted average unvested restricted shares outstanding for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 399,019 and 187,990 of weighted average unvested restricted shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Contractual Commitments.   As of November 2, 2016, the Company has eight outstanding contracts with third-party sellers to
acquire eight industrial properties consisting of approximately 1,040,000 square feet. There is no assurance that the Company will acquire the properties under contract because the proposed acquisitions are subject to the completion of satisfactory
due diligence and various closing conditions.    The following table summarizes certain information with respect to the properties the
Company has under contract:      
    Note 12. Subsequent Events   
 On October 20, 2016, the Company acquired two industrial buildings located in San Leandro, CA containing approximately 100,000 square feet
for a total purchase price of approximately $15.9 million. The property was acquired from an unrelated third party using borrowings on our revolving credit facility.  
 On November 1, 2016, the Company acquired one industrial building located in North Bergen, NJ containing approximately 25,000 square feet for a total
purchase price of approximately $4.8 million. The property was acquired from an unrelated third party using borrowings on our revolving credit facility.  
 On November 1, 2016, the Company s board of directors approved an extension of the share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up
to 2,000,000 shares of its outstanding common stock from time to time through December 31, 2018.    On November 1, 2016, the Company s board
of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of $0.20 per share of its common stock payable on January 13, 2017 to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 30, 2016.  
 On November 1, 2016, the Company s board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of $0.484375 per share of its Series A Preferred Stock
payable on December 30, 2016 to the preferred stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 9, 2016.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.     This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We caution
investors that forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used, the words  anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,
 expect ,  intend ,  may ,  might ,  plan ,  project ,  result ,  should ,  will ,  seek ,  target ,  see ,  likely ,
 position ,  opportunity  and similar expressions which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and are
not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties, and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
otherwise. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they are made, to anticipate future results or trends.  
 Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:      

the factors included under the headings  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2016 and in our other public filings;        

our ability to identify and acquire industrial properties on terms favorable to us;        

general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of our common stock;        

adverse economic or real estate conditions or developments in the industrial real estate sector and/or in the markets in which we acquire properties;    

our dependence on key personnel and our reliance on third parties to property manage the majority of our industrial properties;        

our inability to comply with the laws, rules and regulations applicable to companies, and in particular, public companies;        

our ability to manage our growth effectively;        

tenant bankruptcies and defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants;        

decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates;        

increased interest rates and operating costs;        

declining real estate valuations and impairment charges;        

our expected leverage, our failure to obtain necessary outside financing, and future debt service obligations;        

our ability to make distributions to our stockholders;        

our failure to successfully hedge against interest rate increases;        

our failure to successfully operate acquired properties;        

risks relating to our real estate redevelopment and expansion strategies and activities;    
      21  

Table of Contents  

our failure to qualify or maintain our status as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, and possible adverse changes to tax laws;        

uninsured or underinsured losses relating to our properties or that otherwise result from future litigation;        

environmental uncertainties and risks related to natural disasters;        

financial market fluctuations; and        

changes in real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates.       Overview   
 Terreno Realty Corporation ( Terreno , and together with its subsidiaries,  we ,  us ,  our ,  our
Company , or  the Company ) acquires, owns and operates industrial real estate in six major coastal U.S. markets: Los Angeles; Northern New Jersey/New York City; San Francisco Bay Area; Seattle; Miami; and
Washington, D.C./Baltimore. We invest in several types of industrial real estate, including warehouse/distribution, flex (including light industrial and research and development, or R D) and transshipment. We target functional buildings in
infill locations that may be shared by multiple tenants and that cater to customer demand within the various submarkets in which we operate. Infill locations are geographic locations surrounded by high concentrations of already developed land and
existing buildings. As of September 30, 2016, we owned a total of 159 buildings aggregating approximately 11.7 million square feet that were approximately 96.4% leased to 374 customers, the largest of which accounted for approximately 7.1%
of our total annualized based rent and four improved land parcels consisting of 21.4 acres. We are an internally managed Maryland corporation and elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, or the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2010.    Occupancy as of September 30, 2016 increased
from the prior quarter primarily due to the commencement of a five-year lease for approximately 221,000 square feet in South Brunswick, New Jersey and a seven-year lease for approximately 158,000 square feet in Kent, Washington.  
 The following table summarizes by market our investments in real estate as of September 30, 2016:  

1  
   Annualized base rent is calculated as contractual monthly base rent per the leases, excluding any partial or full rent abatements, as of September 30, 2016,
multiplied by 12.    

2  
   Weighted average remaining lease term is calculated by summing the remaining lease term of each lease as of September 30, 2016, weighted by the respective square
footage.    

3  
   Includes 21.4 acres of improved land as discussed below.    
 We also own four improved land parcels totaling approximately 21.4 acres that are 100% leased to four tenants. Such land is used for truck,
trailer and container storage and/or car parking. In the future, we may consider redeveloping such land either by expansion of adjacent buildings or the construction of new buildings.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes by market our investments in improved land as of
September 30, 2016:      

1  
   Annualized base rent is calculated as contractual monthly base rent per the leases, excluding any partial or full rent abatements, as of September 30, 2016,
multiplied by 12.    

2  
   Weighted average remaining lease term is calculated by summing the remaining lease term of each lease as of September 30, 2016, weighted by the respective square
footage.      The following table summarizes our capital expenditures incurred during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      

Our industrial properties are typically subject to leases on a  triple net basis,  in which tenants pay their proportionate share of
real estate taxes, insurance and operating costs, or are subject to leases on a  modified gross basis,  in which tenants pay expenses over certain threshold levels. In addition, approximately 89.7% of our leased space includes fixed rental
increases or Consumer Price Index-based rental increases. Lease terms typically range from three to ten years. We monitor the liquidity and creditworthiness of our tenants on an on-going basis by reviewing outstanding accounts receivable balances,
and as provided under the respective lease agreements, review the tenant s financial condition periodically as appropriate. As needed, we hold discussions with the tenant s management about their business and we conduct site visits of the
tenant s operations.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  Our top 20 customers based on annualized base rent as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:

1  
   Annualized base rent is calculated as contractual monthly base rent per the leases, excluding any partial or full rent abatements, as of September 30, 2016,
multiplied by 12.      The following table summarizes the anticipated lease expirations for leases in place as of
September 30, 2016, without giving effect to the exercise of unexercised renewal options or termination rights, if any, at or prior to the scheduled expirations:      

2  
   Annualized base rent is calculated as contractual monthly base rent per the leases at expiration, excluding any partial or full rent abatements, as of
September 30, 2016, multiplied by 12.      Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in
excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. As of September 30, 2016, leases representing approximately 14.8% of the total rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire through December 31,
2017. We currently expect that, on average, the rental rates we are likely to achieve on new (re-leased) or renewed leases for our 2016 and 2017 expirations will be above the rates currently being paid for the same space. Our past performance may
not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. Further, re-leased/renewed rental rates
in a particular market may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and re-leased/renewed rental rates for particular properties within a market may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio within a
particular market, in each case due to a number of factors, including local real estate conditions, local supply and demand for industrial space, the condition of the property, the impact of leasing incentives, including free rent and tenant
improvements and whether the property, or space within the property, has been redeveloped.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Developments   
   Acquisition Activity      During the
three months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired five industrial buildings containing approximately 244,000 square feet and one improved land parcel consisting of approximately 13.4 acres for a total purchase price of approximately $36.5
million. The properties and improved land parcel were acquired from unrelated third parties using existing cash on hand, proceeds from property sales, proceeds from the issuance of common stock and proceeds from borrowings on our revolving credit
facility. The following table sets forth the industrial properties and improved land parcel we acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2016:      

1  
   Excludes intangible liabilities and mortgage premiums, if any. The total aggregate investment was approximately $36.7 million.    

2  
   Stabilized cap rates are calculated, at the time of acquisition, as annualized cash basis net operating income for the property stabilized to market occupancy
(generally 95%) divided by the total acquisition cost for the property. Total acquisition cost basis for the property includes the initial purchase price, the effects of marking assumed debt to market, buyer s due diligence and closing costs,
estimated near-term capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to achieve stabilization. We define cash basis net operating income for the property as net operating income excluding straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles.
These stabilized cap rates are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties, and factors that are beyond our control, including
risks related to our ability to meet our estimated forecasts related to stabilized cap rates and those risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    

3   
 Represents an improved land parcel containing approximately 13.4 acres.      Subsequent to
September 30, 2016, we acquired three industrial buildings for a total purchase price of approximately $20.6 million. The properties were acquired from unrelated third parties using borrowings on our revolving credit facility. The following
table sets forth the industrial properties we acquired subsequent to September 30, 2016:      
     Redevelopment Activity    
 During September 2016, we completed redevelopment of our South Main Street property in Carson, California. We demolished three buildings
totaling approximately 186,000 square feet, and we constructed a new front-load industrial distribution building containing approximately 210,000 square feet and renovated an existing approximately 34,000 square foot office building. As of
September 30, 2016, the property is 100% leased and the redevelopment cost was approximately $17.8 million for a total investment of approximately $39.3 million, excluding approximately $2.3 million of intangible liabilities.  
   ATM Program      We have an
at-the-market equity offering program (the  ATM Program ) pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $100.0 million in amounts and at times as we determine from time to
time. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 361,351 shares of common stock common stock at a weighted average offering price of $27.44 per share under the ATM Program, resulting in net proceeds of
approximately $9.8 million and paying total compensation to the applicable sales agents of approximately $0.1 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $23.2 million available
for issuance under the ATM Program.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

    Senior Unsecured Notes and Amendment to Credit Facility    
 On July 7, 2016, we issued in a private placement $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a ten-year term that bear interest at a
fixed annual interest rate of 3.99% and mature in July 2026. The proceeds from the issuance were used to repay our previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to mature in May 2021 and the related unamortized deferred financing costs of
approximately $0.2 million were written off to loss on extinguishment of debt.    On August 1, 2016, we entered into a Fourth Amended
and Restated Senior Credit Agreement (the  Amended Facility ), to increase our unsecured revolving credit facility from $100.0 million to $200.0 million and extend its maturity to August 2020 (previously May 2018), to extend the maturity
of our $50.0 million term loan to August 2021 (previously May 2019), to extend the maturity of our $100.0 million term loan to January 2022 (previously March 2020) and to repay our previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to mature in
May 2021. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $20.0 million and $0, respectively, of borrowings outstanding on our revolving credit facility and $150.0 million and $200.0 million, respectively, of borrowings
outstanding on our term loans. We have three interest rate caps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with our existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loans. See Note 7 in our condensed notes to consolidated financial statements for more
information regarding our interest rate caps.    The aggregate amount of the Amended Facility may be increased to a total of up to $600.0
million, subject to the approval of the administrative agent and the identification of lenders willing to make available additional amounts. Outstanding borrowings under the Amended Facility are limited to the lesser of (i) the sum of the
$150.0 million term loans and the $200.0 million revolving credit facility, or (ii) 60.0% of the value of the unencumbered properties. Interest on the Amended Facility, including the term loans, is generally to be paid based upon, at our
option, either (i) LIBOR plus the applicable LIBOR margin or (ii) the applicable base rate which is the greatest of the administrative agent s prime rate, 0.50% above the federal funds effective rate, or thirty-day LIBOR plus the
applicable LIBOR margin for LIBOR rate loans under the Amended Facility plus 1.25%. The applicable LIBOR margin will range from 1.35% to 1.90% (1.35% as of September 30, 2016) for the revolving credit facility (previously 1.50% to 2.05%) and
1.30% to 1.85% (1.30% as of as of September 30, 2016) for the $50.0 million term loan that matures in August 2021 and the $100.0 million term loan that matures in January 2022 (previously 1.50% to 2.05%), depending on the ratio of our
outstanding consolidated indebtedness to the value of our consolidated gross asset value. The Amended Facility requires quarterly payments of an annual unused facility fee in an amount equal to 0.20% or 0.25% depending on the unused portion of the
Amended Facility.    The Amended Facility and the senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by us and by substantially all of the current and
to-be-formed subsidiaries of the borrower that own an unencumbered property. The Amended Facility and the senior unsecured notes are unsecured by our properties or by interests in the subsidiaries that hold such properties. The Amended Facility and
the Ten-Year Senior Unsecured Notes include a series of financial and other covenants with which we must comply. We were in compliance with the covenants under the Amended Facility and the senior unsecured notes as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015.      Dividend and Distribution Activity    
 On November 1, 2016, our board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of $0.20 per share of our common stock payable on
January 13, 2017 to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 30, 2016.    On November 1, 2016, our
board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of $0.484375 per share of our Series A Preferred Stock payable on December 30, 2016 to the preferred stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 9, 2016.  
   Contractual Commitments      As of
November 2, 2016, we have eight outstanding contracts with third-party sellers to acquire eight industrial properties as described under the heading  Contractual Obligations  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There is no
assurance that we will acquire the properties under contract because the proposed acquisitions are subject to the completion of satisfactory due diligence and various closing conditions.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Share Repurchase Program    
 On November 1, 2016, our board of directors approved an extension of the share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to
2,000,000 shares of our outstanding common stock from time to time through December 31, 2018. Purchases made pursuant to the program, if any, will be made in either the open market or in privately negotiated transactions as permitted by
federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us in our discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal
requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of September 30, 2016, we have not repurchased any shares of stock pursuant to our share repurchase authorization.  
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under existing leases on each of our properties. These revenues
include fixed base rents and recoveries of certain property operating expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants. Approximately 89.7% of our leased space includes fixed rental increases or Consumer Price
Index-based rental increases. Lease terms typically range from three to ten years.    Our primary cash expenses consist of our property
operating expenses, which include: real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, management expenses, insurance, utilities, general and administrative expenses, which include compensation costs, office expenses, professional fees and other
administrative expenses, acquisition costs, which include third-party costs paid to brokers and consultants, and interest expense, primarily on our mortgage loans, revolving credit facility, term loans and senior unsecured notes.  
 Our consolidated results of operations often are not comparable from period to period due to the impact of property acquisitions at various
times during the course of such periods. The results of operations of any acquired property are included in our financial statements as of the date of its acquisition.  
 The analysis of our results below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes the changes attributable to
same store properties. The same store pool for the comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes all properties that were owned and in operation as of September 30, 2016 and since January 1, 2015
and excludes properties that were either disposed of prior to, held for sale to a third party or in redevelopment as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the same store pool consisted of 116 buildings aggregating approximately
8.6 million square feet representing approximately 73.9% of our total square feet owned and two improved land parcels consisting of 3.5 acres. As of September 30, 2016, the non-same store properties, which we acquired or sold during 2015
and 2016, were held for sale or in redevelopment as of September 30, 2016, consisted of 43 buildings aggregating approximately 3.1 million square feet and two improved land parcel consisting of 17.9 acres. As of September 30, 2016 and
2015, the consolidated same store pool occupancy was approximately 97.9% and 92.0%, respectively.    Our future financial condition and
results of operations, including rental revenues, straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles, may be impacted by the acquisitions of additional properties, and expenses may vary materially from historical results.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to the Three Months Ended September 30,
2015:       

2  
   Includes straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition
and reconciliation of net operating income and same store net operating income from net income and a discussion of why we believe net operating income and same store net operating income are useful supplemental measures of our operating performance.
      Revenues.  Total revenues increased approximately $2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016 and increased average occupancy in the same store pool portfolio. The increase in same store revenues is primarily related to same store
consolidated occupancy at quarter end increasing to 97.9% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 92.0% as of September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately $0.5 million and $0.7 million,
respectively, was recorded in straight-line rental revenues related to contractual rent abatements given to certain tenants.    Property
operating expenses.  Total property operating expenses increased approximately $0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year. The increase in total property operating expenses
was primarily due to an increase of approximately $0.7 million attributable to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016.  
  Depreciation and amortization  .  Depreciation and amortization increased approximately $0.8 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   General and administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased
approximately $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to increased performance share award expense, which varies quarter to quarter based on our relative share
price performance, as compared to the prior year period.     Acquisition costs.  Acquisition costs increased by approximately $0.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due to a higher volume of property acquisitions during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Interest and other income.  Interest and other income decreased approximately $3,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period from the prior year.     Interest expense, including amortization.  Interest expense increased
approximately $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to an increase in our average outstanding borrowings.  
  Comparison of the Nine months Ended September 30, 2016 to the Nine months Ended September 30, 2015:   

2  
   Includes straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition
and reconciliation of net operating income and same store net operating income from net income and a discussion of why we believe net operating income and same store net operating income are useful supplemental measures of our operating performance.
   
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Revenues.  Total revenues increased approximately $6.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016 and increased average occupancy in the same store pool portfolio. The increase in same store revenues is primarily
related to same store consolidated occupancy at quarter end increasing to 97.9% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 92.0% as of September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately $2.5 million
and $2.3 million, respectively, was recorded in straight-line rental revenues related to contractual rent abatements given to certain tenants. 
  Property operating expenses.  Total property operating expenses increased approximately $2.4 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year. The increase in total property operating expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately $2.3 million attributable to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016.
    Depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization increased approximately $1.3 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due to property acquisitions during 2015 and 2016.     General and
administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased approximately $3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to increased performance share
award expense, which varies quarter to quarter based on our relative share price performance, as compared to the prior year period.  
  Acquisition costs.  Acquisition costs decreased by approximately $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period from the prior year due to a lower volume of property acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Interest and other income.  Interest and other income increased approximately $5,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period from the prior year.     Interest expense, including amortization.  Interest expense increased
approximately $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to an increase in our average outstanding borrowings.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     The
primary objective of our financing strategy is to maintain financial flexibility with a conservative capital structure using retained cash flows, long-term debt and the issuance of common and perpetual preferred stock to finance our growth. Over the
long-term, we intend to:      

limit the sum of the outstanding principal amount of our consolidated indebtedness and the liquidation preference of any outstanding perpetual preferred stock to less than 40% of our total enterprise value;

maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 2.0x;        

maintain a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio below 6.5x;        

limit the principal amount of our outstanding floating rate debt to less than 20% of our total consolidated indebtedness; and        

have staggered debt maturities that are aligned to our expected average lease term (5-7 years), positioning us to re-price parts of our capital structure as our rental rates change with market conditions.
     We intend to preserve a flexible capital structure with a long-term goal to maintain our investment grade rating and be in
a position to issue additional unsecured debt and additional perpetual preferred stock. Fitch Ratings assigned us an issuer rating of BBB- with a stable outlook. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit rating. Our credit rating can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as
the terms of any financings we may obtain. In the event our current credit rating is downgraded, it may become difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. We intend to primarily
utilize senior unsecured notes, term loans, credit facilities, common stock and perpetual preferred stock. We may also assume debt in connection with property acquisitions which may have a higher loan-to-value.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through net cash provided by
operations, existing cash balances and, if necessary, short-term borrowings under our credit facility. We believe that our net cash provided by operations will be adequate to fund operating requirements, pay interest on any borrowings and fund
distributions in accordance with the REIT requirements of the federal income tax laws. In the near-term, we intend to fund future investments in properties with term loans, senior unsecured notes, mortgages, borrowings under our credit facility,
perpetual preferred and common stock issuances and, from time to time, property dispositions. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements, including with respect to other investments in industrial properties, property acquisitions and
scheduled debt maturities, through borrowings under our credit facility, periodic issuances of common stock, perpetual preferred stock, and long-term secured and unsecured debt, and with proceeds from the disposition of properties. The success of
our acquisition strategy may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and borrow under our credit facility and to access additional capital through issuances of equity and debt securities.  
 We have an ATM Program pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $100.0
million in amounts and at times as we determine from time to time. Actual sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by our company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our
common stock, our determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for our company and potential uses of funding available to us. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 361,351 and 2,990,959
shares, respectively, of common stock at a weighted average offering price of $27.44 and $24.64 per share, respectively, under the ATM Program, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $9.8 million and $72.6 million, respectively, and paying total
compensation to the applicable sales agents of approximately $0.1 million and $1.1 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we issued an aggregate of 0 and 136,600 shares, respectively, of common stock
under the ATM Program, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $3.1 million and paying total compensation to the applicable sale agents of approximately $47,000. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had shares of common
stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $23.2 million and $96.9 million, respectively, available for issuance under the ATM Program.  
 On July 7, 2016, we issued in a private placement $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a ten-year term that bear interest at a
fixed annual interest rate of 3.99% and mature in July 2026. The proceeds from the issuance were used to repay our previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to mature in May 2021 and the related unamortized deferred financing costs of
approximately $0.2 million were written off to loss on extinguishment of debt. As of September 30, 2016, we had $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes that mature in September 2022, $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes that mature in July
2026, and $50.0 million of senior unsecured notes that mature in October 2027 (collectively the  Senior Unsecured Notes ).    On
August 1, 2016, we entered into the Amended Facility, to increase our unsecured revolving credit facility from $100.0 million to $200.0 million and extend its maturity to August 2020 (previously May 2018), to extend the maturity of our $50.0
million term loan to August 2021 (previously May 2019), to extend the maturity of our $100.0 million term loan to January 2022 (previously March 2020) and to repay our previously outstanding $50.0 million term loan that was to mature in May 2021. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was $20.0 million and $0, respectively, of borrowings outstanding on our revolving credit facility and $150.0 million and $200.0 million, respectively, of borrowings outstanding on our
term loans. We have three interest rate caps to hedge the variable cash flows associated with our existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loans. See Note 7 in our condensed notes to consolidated financial statements for more information
regarding our interest rate caps.    The aggregate amount of the Amended Facility may be increased to a total of up to $600.0 million,
subject to the approval of the administrative agent and the identification of lenders willing to make available additional amounts. Outstanding borrowings under the Amended Facility are limited to the lesser of (i) the sum of the $150.0 million
term loans and the $200.0 million revolving credit facility, or (ii) 60.0% of the value of the unencumbered properties. Interest on the Amended Facility, including the term loans, is generally to be paid based upon, at our option, either
(i) LIBOR plus the applicable LIBOR margin or (ii) the applicable base rate which is the greatest of the administrative agent s prime rate, 0.50% above the federal funds effective rate, or thirty-day LIBOR plus the applicable LIBOR
margin for LIBOR rate loans under the Amended Facility plus 1.25%. The applicable LIBOR margin will range from 1.35% to 1.90% (1.35% as of September 30, 2016) for the revolving credit facility (previously 1.50% to 2.05%) and 1.30% to 1.85%
(1.30% as of as of September 30, 2016) for the $50.0 million term loan that matures in August 2021 and the $100.0 million term loan that matures in January 2022 (previously 1.50% to 2.05%), depending on the ratio of our outstanding consolidated
indebtedness to the value of our consolidated gross asset value. The Amended Facility requires quarterly payments of an annual unused facility fee in an amount equal to 0.20% or 0.25% depending on the unused portion of the Amended Facility.  
 The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed by us and by substantially all of the current and to-be-formed subsidiaries
of the borrower that own an unencumbered property. The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes are unsecured by our properties or by interests in the subsidiaries that hold such properties. The Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes
include a series of financial and other covenants with which we must comply. We were in compliance with the covenants under the Amended Facility and the Senior Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had outstanding mortgage loans
payable, net of deferred financing costs, of approximately $67.1 million and $83.5 million, respectively, and held cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately $10.9 million and $22.5 million, respectively.  
 The following table summarizes our debt maturities, principal payments, market capitalization, capitalization ratios, Adjusted EBITDA,
interest coverage, fixed charge coverage and debt ratios as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands except per share data):      

32  

Table of Contents  

2  
   Closing price of our shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on September 30, 2016 in dollars per share.    

3  
   Total debt-to-total investments in properties is calculated as total debt, including premiums and net of deferred financing costs, divided by total investments in
properties, as of September 30, 2016.    

4  
   Total debt-to-total market capitalization is calculated as total debt, including premiums and net of deferred financing costs, divided by total market capitalization
as of September 30, 2016.    

5  
   Total debt and preferred stock-to-total market capitalization is calculated as total debt, including premiums and net of deferred financing costs, plus preferred
stock at liquidation preference, divided by total market capitalization as of September 30, 2016.    

6  
   Floating rate debt includes our existing $150.0 million of variable-rate term loan borrowings with interest rate caps of 4.0% plus 1.30% to 1.85%, depending on
leverage. See Note 7 in our condensed notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our interest rate caps.    

7  
   Earnings before interest, taxes, gains (losses) from sales of property, depreciation and amortization, acquisition costs and stock-based compensation ( Adjusted
EBITDA ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income and a discussion of why we
believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance.    

8  
   Interest coverage is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest expense, including amortization. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income and a discussion of why we believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance.    

9  
   Fixed charge coverage is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest expense, including amortization plus preferred stock dividends. See  Non-GAAP
Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income and a discussion of why we believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance.

10  
   Total debt-to-Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as total debt, including premiums and net of deferred financing costs, divided by annualized Adjusted EBITDA. See
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income and a discussion of why we believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplemental measure of our operating
performance.    

11  
   Total debt and preferred stock-to-Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as total debt, including premiums and net of deferred financing costs, plus preferred stock divided by
annualized Adjusted EBITDA. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA from net income and a discussion of why we believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful
supplemental measure of our operating performance.      The following table sets forth the cash dividends paid or payable per
share during the three months ended September 30, 2016:      
    Sources and Uses of Cash   
 Our principal sources of cash are cash from operations, borrowings under loans payable, draws on our Amended Facility, common and preferred
stock issuances, proceeds from property dispositions and issuances of unsecured notes. Our principal uses of cash are asset acquisitions, debt service, capital expenditures, operating costs, corporate overhead costs and common and preferred stock
dividends.     Cash From Operating Activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities totaled approximately $37.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $31.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to additional cash flows generated
from properties acquired during 2015 and 2016. The same store pool also provided additional cash flows due to an increase in occupancy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Cash From Investing Activities.  Net cash used in investing activities was approximately
$93.4 million and $189.5 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, which consists primarily of cash paid for property acquisitions of approximately $84.0 million and $190.0 million, respectively, and
additions to capital improvements and leasing costs of approximately $29.8 million and $13.5 million, respectively, offset by net proceeds from sales of real estate investments of approximately $21.4 million and $13.0 million, respectively.  
  Cash From Financing Activities.  Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $44.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, which consists primarily of approximately $71.6 million in net common stock issuance proceeds and borrowings on the revolving credit facility of $20.0 million offset by approximately $26.6 million in equity dividend payments
and payments on mortgage loans payable of approximately $16.3 million. Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $16.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which consists primarily of approximately $50.0
million of borrowings in connection with our issuance of senior unsecured notes offset by approximately $23.3 million in equity dividend payments and payments of mortgage loans payable of approximately $11.3 million.  
  Critical Accounting Policies     A summary
of our critical accounting policies is set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in the condensed notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We do not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources that are material to investors.     Contractual Obligations   
 As of November 2, 2016, we have eight outstanding contracts with third-party sellers to acquire eight industrial properties. There is no
assurance that we will acquire the properties under contract because the proposed acquisitions are subject to the completion of satisfactory due diligence and various closing conditions.  
 The following table summarizes certain information with respect to the properties we have under contract:  
   
   The following table summarizes our contractual obligations due by period as of September 30, 2016
(dollars in thousands):      
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
 We use the following non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to investors as key supplemental measures of our operating
performance: funds from operations, or FFO, Adjusted EBITDA, net operating income, or NOI, same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI. FFO, Adjusted EBITDA, NOI, same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI should not be considered in isolation or
as a substitute for measures of performance in accordance with GAAP. Further, our computation of FFO, Adjusted EBITDA, NOI, same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI may not be comparable to FFO, Adjusted EBITDA, NOI, same store NOI and
cash-basis same store NOI reported by other companies.    We compute FFO in accordance with standards established by the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ), which defines FFO as net income (loss) (determined in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (losses) from sales of property and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate,
plus depreciation and amortization on real estate assets and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures (which are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis). We believe that presenting FFO provides useful information to
investors regarding our operating performance because it is a measure of our operations without regard to specified non-cash items, such as real estate depreciation and amortization and gain or loss on sale of assets.  
 We believe that FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance because historical cost accounting for real estate
assets in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have
considered the presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting alone to be insufficient. As a result, we believe that the use of FFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provide a more
complete understanding of our operating performance.    The following table reflects the calculation of FFO reconciled from net income, net
of preferred stock dividends for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands except per share data):      

1  
   To be consistent with our policies of determining whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions are participating securities and accounting for
earnings per share, the FFO per common share is adjusted for FFO distributed through declared dividends (if any) and allocated to all participating securities (weighted average common shares outstanding and unvested restricted shares outstanding)
under the two-class method. Under this method, allocations were made to 397,114 and 300,016 of weighted average unvested restricted shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and to 399,019 and
187,990 of weighted average unvested restricted shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    
 
      35  

Table of Contents  

  FFO decreased by approximately $2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period from the prior year due primarily to performance share award expense of approximately $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $0.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 and was partially offset by same store NOI growth of approximately $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period from the prior year.  
 We compute Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, gain on sales of real estate investments,
acquisition costs and stock-based compensation. We believe that presenting Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors regarding our operating performance because it is a measure of our operations on an unleveraged basis before the
effects of tax, gain (loss) on sales of real estate investments, non-cash depreciation and amortization expense, acquisition costs and stock-based compensation. By excluding interest expense, Adjusted EBITDA allows investors to measure our operating
performance independent of our capital structure and indebtedness and, therefore, allows for more meaningful comparison of our operating performance between quarters as well as annual periods and for the comparison of our operating performance to
that of other companies, both in the real estate industry and in other industries. As we are currently in a growth phase, acquisition costs are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA to allow for the comparison of our operating performance to that of
stabilized companies.    The following table reflects the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA reconciled from net income for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
   We compute NOI as rental revenues, including tenant expense reimbursements, less property operating expenses.
We compute same store NOI as rental revenues, including tenant expense reimbursements, less property operating expenses on a same store basis. NOI excludes depreciation, amortization, general and administrative expenses, acquisition costs and
interest expense. We compute cash-basis same store NOI as same store NOI excluding straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles. The same store pool includes all properties that were owned as of September 30, 2016 and since
January 1, 2015 and excludes properties that were either disposed of prior to, held for sale to a third party or in redevelopment as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the same store pool consisted of 116 buildings
aggregating approximately 8.6 million square feet representing approximately 73.9% of our total square feet owned and two improved land parcels containing 3.5 acres. We believe that presenting NOI, same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI
provides useful information to investors regarding the operating performance of our properties because NOI excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of the properties, such as depreciation,
amortization, general and administrative expenses, acquisition costs and interest expense. By presenting same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI, the operating results on a same store basis are directly comparable from period to period.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  The following table reflects the calculation of NOI, same store NOI and cash-basis same store NOI
reconciled from net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      

4  
   Includes straight-line rents and amortization of lease intangibles for the same store pool only.    
 Cash-basis same store NOI increased by approximately $1.0 million and $3.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, compared to the same periods from the prior year due primarily to same store consolidated occupancy at quarter end increasing to 97.9% as of September 30, 2016 as compared to 92.0% as of September 30, 2015. Contractual
rent abatements of approximately $0.3 million and $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately $1.4 million and $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, were given to certain tenants in the same-store pool.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk       Market risk includes risks
that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies, the primary market risk which we are
exposed to is interest rate risk. We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. We seek to limit the impact of interest
rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. As described below, some of our outstanding debt bears interest at variable rates, and we expect that some of our future outstanding debt will have variable interest
rates. We may use interest rate caps and/or swap agreements to manage our interest rate risks relating to our variable rate debt. We expect to replace variable rate debt on a regular basis with fixed rate, long-term debt to finance our assets and
operations.    As of September 30, 2016, we had $170.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our Amended Facility. Of the $170.0
million outstanding on the Amended Facility, $150.0 million is subject to interest rate caps. See Note 7 in our condensed notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our interest rate caps. Amounts borrowed under our
Amended Facility bear interest at a variable rate based on LIBOR plus an applicable LIBOR margin. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our Amended Facility was 1.83% as of September 30, 2016. If the LIBOR rate
fluctuates by 0.25%, interest expense would increase or decrease, depending on rate movement, future earnings and cash flows by approximately $0.4 million annually on the total of the outstanding balances on our Amended Facility as of
September 30, 2016.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), and has concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective to give reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       We are not involved in any material litigation nor, to our knowledge,
is any material litigation threatened against us.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       Except to the extent updated below or previously updated or to the extent
additional factual information disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates to such risk factors (including, without limitation, the matters discussed in Part I,  Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       (a) Not Applicable.  
 (b) Not Applicable.    (c) Not
Applicable.      

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not Applicable.  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       None.  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

* 
    
 Filed herewith.  
 
 ** 
    
 Furnished herewith.  
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

Terreno Realty Corporation  

November 2, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ W. Blake Baird   

W. Blake Baird  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

November 2, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Michael A. Coke   

Michael A. Coke  

President  

November 2, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Jaime J. Cannon   

Jaime J. Cannon  

Chief Financial Officer  
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

     Exhibit Index   

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith.    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d265259dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification     I, W. Blake Baird, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terreno Realty Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 2, 2016       

/s/ W. Blake Baird   
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d265259dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification     I, Michael A. Coke,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terreno Realty Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 2, 2016       

/s/ Michael A. Coke   
 
 President  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 d265259dex313.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3   
  Certification     I, Jaime J. Cannon,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terreno Realty Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 2, 2016       

/s/ Jaime J. Cannon   
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d265259dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Certification     The undersigned officer, who is the Chief
Executive Officer of Terreno Realty Corporation (the  Company ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    Date: November 2, 2016  

/s/ W. Blake Baird   
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d265259dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  Certification     The undersigned officer, who is the
President of Terreno Realty Corporation (the  Company ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    Date: November 2, 2016  

/s/ Michael A. Coke   
 
 President  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 d265259dex323.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32.3 

Exhibit 32.3   
  Certification     The undersigned officer, who is the Chief
Financial Officer of Terreno Realty Corporation (the  Company ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the  Report ), as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    Date: November 2, 2016  

/s/ Jaime J. Cannon   
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 trno-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 trno-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 trno-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 trno-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 trno-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 trno-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

