<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_90498_0001171843-16-013038_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15105812</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261038</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>678635</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4093996</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7204053</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2538222</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>196</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013038.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000090498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				710407808
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06253
		FILM NUMBER:		161981664

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		C/O SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORP
		CITY:			PINE BLUFF
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			71601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8705411000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		C/O SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORP
		CITY:			PINE BLUFF
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			71601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013038.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110816p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Arkansas  
      71-0407808   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of   
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
       incorporation or organization)   
      Identification No.)   

501 Main Street, Pine Bluff, Arkansas  
      71601   
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)   
      (Zip Code)   

870-541-1000 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Not Applicable  

 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since
last report 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
   Yes      No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).    

    Yes      No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer         Accelerated
filer          Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting
company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Act.).     Yes      No 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of October
31, 2016, was 31,270,522. 

Simmons First
National Corporation   

   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   

   September 30, 2016   

Table of Contents  

Page   
 
      Part I:  
      Financial Information  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Income  
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  
      7   

Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      8-52   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
      53   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      54-79   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
      80-81   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      82   

Part II:  
      Other Information  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      82   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      82   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      83-86   

Signatures  
      87   

Part I:      Financial Information  

Item 1.      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Simmons First National Corporation   

     Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

   September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015   

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Simmons First National Corporation   

     Consolidated
Statements of Income   

   Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

Simmons First National Corporation   

     Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income   

   Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Simmons First National Corporation   

     Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

   Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Simmons First National Corporation   

     Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders  Equity   

   Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION  

CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1:      BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Simmons First National
Corporation (the  Company ) and its subsidiaries.  Significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

All adjustments made to the unaudited financial statements were of a normal recurring
nature.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results of interim periods
have been made.  Certain prior year amounts are reclassified to conform to current year classification.  The
consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2015, has been derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet
of the Company as of that date.  The results of operations for the period are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for the full year. 

Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the Company s annual
financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have
been condensed or omitted.  These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K Annual Report for 2015 filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

ASU 2016-15    Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 is designed to address the diversity in how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard also provides guidance on when an entity
should separate or aggregate cash flows based on the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this
standard will have on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-13    Financial Instruments-Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires earlier measurement of credit losses, expands the
range of information considered in determining expected credit losses and enhances disclosures. The main objective of ASU 2016-13
is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments
and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in ASU 2016-13 replace
the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP ( Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States
of America ) with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will
have on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-09    Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations,
financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-02    Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 establishes
the principles to report transparent and economically neutral information about the assets and liabilities that arise from leases.
The new guidance results in a more consistent representation of the rights and obligations arising from leases by requiring lessees
to recognize the lease asset and lease liabilities that arise from leases in the statement of financial position and to disclose
qualitative and quantitative information about lease transactions, such as information about variable lease payments and options
to renew and terminate leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s
results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-01    Financial Instruments-Overall: Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ).  ASU 2016-01 makes changes primarily affecting
the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements
for financial instruments. In addition, the FASB clarified guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing
deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-16    Business Combinations: Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ).  ASU 2015-16 requires entities to recognize measurement period adjustments
during the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined.  The income effects, if any, of a measurement period
adjustment are cumulative and are to be reported in the period in which the adjustment to a provisional amount is determined.  Also,
ASU 2015-16 requires presentation on the face of the income statement or in the notes, the effect of the measurement period adjustment
as if the adjustment had been recognized at acquisition date.  ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and should be applied prospectively to measurement period adjustments that occur after the effective date.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results of operations, financial
position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-14    Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective
Date  ( ASU 2015-14 ). ASU 2015-14 is an update to the effective date in ASU 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts
with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 provides guidance that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2015-14 is effective prospectively, for annual and interim periods, beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on the Company s results
of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-08    Business Combinations: Pushdown Accounting   Amendments
to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 115  ( ASU 2015-08 ). ASU 2015-08 removes references
to the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5.J on pushdown accounting from ASC 805-50, thereby conforming the FASB s
guidance on pushdown accounting with the SEC s guidance on this topic. ASU 2015-08 became effective upon issuance. The adoption
of this standard has not had a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2015-02    Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis
 ( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 amends the consolidation requirements of ASU 810 by changing the consolidation analysis
required under GAAP. The revised guidance amends the consolidation analysis based on certain fee arrangements or relationships
to the reporting entity and, for limited partnerships, requires entities to consider the limited partner s rights relative
to the general partner. ASU 2015-02 became effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption
of this standard has not had a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

There have been no other significant changes to the Company s accounting policies
from the 2015 Form 10-K.  Presently, the Company is not aware of any other changes to the Accounting Standards Codification
that will have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial position or results of operations. 

Acquisition Accounting, Acquired Loans   

The Company accounts for its acquisitions under ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations ,
which requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting. All identifiable assets acquired, including loans, are recorded
at fair value. No allowance for loan losses related to the acquired loans is recorded on the acquisition date as the fair value
of the loans acquired incorporates assumptions regarding credit risk. Loans acquired are recorded at fair value in accordance with
the fair value methodology prescribed in ASC Topic 820, exclusive of the shared-loss agreements with the FDIC. The fair value estimates
associated with the loans include estimates related to expected prepayments and the amount and timing of undiscounted expected
principal, interest and other cash flows. 

The Company evaluates loans acquired, other than purchased impaired loans, in accordance
with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-20,  Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs . The fair value discount on these loans is accreted
into interest income over the weighted average life of the loans using a constant yield method. The Company evaluates purchased
impaired loans in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit
Quality . Purchased loans are considered impaired if there is evidence of credit deterioration since origination and if it is
probable that not all contractually required payments will be collected. 

For impaired loans accounted for under ASC Topic 310-30, the Company continues to estimate
cash flows expected to be collected on these loans. The Company evaluates at each balance sheet date whether the present value
of the loans determined using the effective interest rates has decreased significantly and if so, recognize a provision for loan
loss in our consolidated statement of income. For any significant increases in cash flows expected to be collected, the Company
adjusts the amount of accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the loan. 

Covered Loans and Related Indemnification Asset  

In September 2015, we entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate all loss share
agreements which were entered into in 2010 and 2012 in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of substantially all of
the assets ( covered assets ) and assumption of substantially all of the liabilities of four failed banks in FDIC-assisted
transactions. Under the early termination, all rights and obligations of the Company and the FDIC under the FDIC loss share agreements,
including the clawback provisions and the settlement of loss share and expense reimbursement claims, have been resolved and terminated. 

Under the terms of the agreement, the FDIC made a net payment of $2,368,000 to the Bank
as consideration for the early termination of the loss share agreements. The early termination was recorded in the Company s
financial statements by removing the FDIC Indemnification Asset, receivable from FDIC, the FDIC True-up liability and recording
a one-time, pre-tax charge of $7,476,000. As a result, the Company reclassified loans previously covered by FDIC loss share to
loans acquired, not covered by FDIC loss share. Foreclosed assets previously covered by FDIC loss share were reclassified to foreclosed
assets not covered by FDIC loss share. 

For further discussion of our acquisition and loan accounting, see Note 2, Acquisitions,
and Note 5, Loans Acquired. 

Earnings Per Common Share ( EPS )  

Basic EPS is computed by dividing reported net income available to common shareholders
by weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period.  Diluted EPS is computed by dividing reported
net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average common shares and all potential dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. 

Following is the computation of earnings per common share for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

______________________________ 

(1)  EPS are computed independently for each quarter and therefore the sum of each quarterly EPS may not equal the year-to-date
EPS. As a result of the large stock issuances during 2015 as part of the Company s acquisitions, the computed independent
quarterly average common shares outstanding and the computed year-to-date average common shares differ significantly. For purposes
of calculating a roll-forward amount for 2015 year-to-date EPS, diluted EPS for the third quarter of 2015 would require a computed
amount of $0.74, producing a difference of $.02 from actual third quarter 2015 diluted EPS of $0.72. This difference is based on
the direct result of the varying denominator for each period presented.   

NOTE 2:      ACQUISITIONS  

Liberty Bancshares, Inc.  

On February 27, 2015, Simmons First National Corporation completed the acquisition of
Liberty Bancshares, Inc. ( Liberty ), headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary
Liberty Bank ( LB ). The Company issued 5,181,337 shares of its common stock valued at approximately $212.2 million
as of February 27, 2015 in exchange for all outstanding shares of Liberty common stock. 

Prior to the acquisition, Liberty conducted banking business from 24 branches located
in southwest Missouri. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately
$1.1 billion in assets, including approximately $780.7 million in loans (inclusive of loan discounts) and approximately $874.7
million in deposits. The Company completed the systems conversion and merged LB into Simmons First National Bank on April 24, 2015. 

Goodwill of $95.2 million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger strengthened the Company s
position in the southwest Missouri market and the Company is able to achieve cost savings by integrating the two companies and
combining accounting, data processing, and other administrative functions all of which gave rise to the goodwill recorded. The
goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

A summary, at fair value, of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Liberty
transaction, as of the acquisition date, is as follows: 

During 2015 the Company finalized its analysis of the acquired loans and subordinated
debentures along with the other acquired assets and assumed liabilities.  

The Company s operating results for 2015 include the operating results of the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities of Liberty subsequent to the acquisition date. 

Community First Bancshares, Inc.  

On February 27, 2015, Simmons First National Corporation completed the acquisition of
Community First Bancshares, Inc. ( Community First ), headquartered in Union City, Tennessee, including its wholly-owned
bank subsidiary First State Bank ( FSB ). The Company issued 6,552,915 shares of its common stock valued at approximately
$268.3 million as of February 27, 2015, plus $9,974 in cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of Community First common
stock. The Company also issued $30.9 million of preferred stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Community First preferred
stock. On January 29, 2016, the Company redeemed all of the preferred stock, including accrued and unpaid dividends. 

Prior to the acquisition, Community First conducted banking business from 33 branches
located across Tennessee. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately
$1.9 billion in assets, including approximately $1.1 billion in loans (inclusive of loan discounts) and approximately $1.5
billion in deposits. The Company completed the systems conversion and merged FSB into Simmons First National Bank on September
4, 2015. 

Goodwill of $110.4 million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger allowed the Company s
entrance into the Tennessee market and served as a launching platform for possible expansion into adjacent areas. The Company
is able to achieve cost savings by integrating the two companies and combining accounting, data processing, and other administrative
functions. Further the Company will benefit from the addition of Community First's small-business lending platform while cross-selling
its trust products in Community First s market. This combination of factors gave rise to the goodwill recorded. The goodwill
is not deductible for tax purposes. 

A summary, at fair value, of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Community
First transaction, as of the acquisition date, is as follows: 

During 2015 the Company finalized its analysis of the acquired loans and subordinated
debentures along with the other acquired assets and assumed liabilities. 

The Company s operating results for 2015 include the operating results of the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities of Community First subsequent to the acquisition date. 

Ozark Trust   Investment Corporation  

On October 29, 2015, Simmons First National Corporation completed the acquisition of
Ozark Trust   Investment Corporation ( Ozark Trust ), headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, including its wholly-owned
non-deposit trust company, Trust Company of the Ozarks ( TCO ). Simmons issued 339,290 shares of its common stock valued
at approximately $17.9 million as of October 29, 2015, plus $5.8 million in cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of Ozark
Trust common stock. 

Prior to the acquisition, Ozark Trust had over $1 billion in assets under management. The
Company owned 1,000 shares of Ozark Trust s common stock, which it acquired through its acquisition of Liberty in February
2015. The purchase price is allocated among the net assets of Ozark Trust acquired as appropriate, with the remaining balance being
reported as goodwill. 

A summary, at fair value, of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Ozark
Trust transaction, as of the acquisition date, is as follows: 

During 2016 the Company finalized its analysis of the acquired loans and subordinated
debentures along with the other acquired assets and assumed liabilities. 

The Company s operating results for 2015 include the operating results of the
acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Ozark Trust subsequent to the acquisition date. 

Citizens National Bank  

On September 9, 2016, Simmons First National Corporation completed the acquisition of
Citizens National Bank ( Citizens ), headquartered in Athens, Tennessee. The Company issued 835,741 shares of its common
stock valued at approximately $41.3 million as of September 9, 2016 plus $35.0 million in cash in exchange for all outstanding
shares of Citizens common stock. 

Prior to the acquisition, Citizens conducted banking business from 9 branches located
in east Tennessee. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately
$585.2 million in assets, including approximately $340.8 million in loans (inclusive of loan discounts) and approximately $509.9
million in deposits. The Company completed the systems conversion and merged Citizens into Simmons Bank on October 21, 2016. 

Goodwill of $21.8 million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger strengthened
the Company s position in the east Tennessee market and the Company is able to achieve cost savings by integrating the two
companies and combining accounting, data processing, and other administrative functions all of which gave rise to the goodwill
recorded. The goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. 

A summary, at fair value, of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Citizens
transaction, as of the acquisition date, is as follows: 

The purchase price allocation and certain fair value measurements remain preliminary
due to the timing of the acquisition. Management will continue to review the estimated fair values and to evaluate the assumed
tax positions. The Company expects to finalize its analysis of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in this transaction
over the next few months, within one year of the acquisition. Therefore, adjustments to the estimated amounts and carrying values
may occur.   

The Company s operating results for 2016 include the operating results of the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities of Citizens subsequent to the acquisition date. 

 The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant
assets and liabilities presented in the acquisitions above. 

Cash and due from banks, time deposits due from banks and federal funds sold   
The carrying amount of these assets is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. Due
from banks   time were acquired with an adjustment to fair value based on rates currently available to the Company for deposits
in banks with similar maturities. 

Investment securities    Investment securities were acquired with an adjustment
to fair value based upon quoted market prices if material. Otherwise, the carrying amount of these assets was deemed to be a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

Loans acquired    Fair values for loans were based on a discounted cash flow
methodology that considered factors including the type of loan and related collateral, classification status, fixed or variable
interest rate, term of loan and whether or not the loan was amortizing, and current discount rates.  The discount rates
used for loans are based on current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and include adjustments for liquidity
concerns.  The discount rate does not include a factor for credit losses as that has been included in the estimated cash
flows.  Loans were grouped together according to similar characteristics and were treated in the aggregate when applying
various valuation techniques. 

Foreclosed assets held for sale    These assets are presented at the estimated
present values that management expects to receive when the properties are sold, net of related costs of disposal. 

Premises and equipment    Bank premises and equipment were acquired with
an adjustment to fair value, which represents the difference between the Company s current analysis of property and equipment
values completed in connection with the acquisition and book value acquired. 

Bank owned life insurance    Bank owned life insurance is carried at its
current cash surrender value, which is the most reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Goodwill    The consideration paid as a result of the acquisition exceeded
the fair value of the assets acquired, resulting in an intangible asset, goodwill. Goodwill established prior to the acquisitions,
if applicable, was written off. 

Core deposit intangible    This intangible asset represents the value of
the relationships that the acquired banks had with their deposit customers.  The fair value of this intangible asset
was estimated based on a discounted cash flow methodology that gave appropriate consideration to expected customer attrition rates,
cost of the deposit base and the net maintenance cost attributable to customer deposits. Core deposit intangible established prior
to the acquisitions, if applicable, was written off. 

Other intangibles    These intangible assets represent the value of the
relationships that Community First s insurance subsidiary and Ozark Trust had with their customers.  The fair value
of these intangible assets was estimated based on a combination of discounted cash flow methodology and a market valuation approach.
Other intangibles established prior to the acquisitions, if applicable, was written off. 

Deferred tax asset    The deferred tax asset is based on 39.225% of fair
value adjustments related to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and on a calculation of future tax benefits. The Company
also recorded Liberty s, Community First s and Ozark Trust s remaining deferred tax assets and liabilities as
of the acquisition date. 

Other assets    The fair value adjustment results from certain assets whose
value was estimated to be less than book value, such as certain prepaid assets, receivables and other miscellaneous assets. Otherwise,
the carrying amount of these assets was deemed to be a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Deposits    The fair values used for the demand and savings deposits that
comprise the transaction accounts acquired, by definition equal the amount payable on demand at the acquisition date.  The
Company performed a fair value analysis of the estimated weighted average interest rate of the certificates of deposits compared
to the current market rates and recorded a fair value adjustment for the difference when material. 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase   
The carrying amount of federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase is a reasonable estimate of fair
value based on the short-term nature of these liabilities. 

FHLB borrowings    The fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings is
estimated based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for borrowings with similar terms and maturities. 

Subordinated debentures    The fair value of subordinated debentures is estimated
based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for borrowings with similar terms and maturities. 

Accrued interest and other liabilities    The adjustment establishes a liability
for unfunded commitments equal to the fair value of that liability at the date of acquisition. 

NOTE 3:      INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities that are classified as held-to-maturity
( HTM ) and available-for-sale ( AFS ) are as follows: 

Securities with limited marketability, such as stock in the Federal Reserve Bank and
the Federal Home Loan Bank, are carried at cost and are reported as other available-for-sale securities in the table above. 

Certain investment securities are valued at less than their historical cost.  Total
fair value of these investments at September 30, 2016, was $339.7 million, which is approximately 22.3% of the Company s
combined available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment portfolios. 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s
investments with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016: 

These declines primarily resulted from the rate for these investments yielding less than
current market rates.  Based on evaluation of available evidence, management believes the declines in fair value for
these securities are temporary. Management does not have the intent to sell these securities and management believes it is more
likely than not the Company will not have to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis less any current
period credit losses. 

Declines in the fair value of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities below
their cost that are deemed to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as realized losses.  In estimating other-than-temporary
impairment losses, management considers, among other things, (i) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has
been less than cost, (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (iii) the intent and ability of the
Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.  

Management has the ability and intent to hold the securities classified as held to maturity
until they mature, at which time the Company expects to receive full value for the securities.  Furthermore, as of September
30, 2016, management also had the ability and intent to hold the securities classified as available-for-sale for a period of time
sufficient for a recovery of cost.  The unrealized losses are largely due to increases in market interest rates over
the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased.  The fair value is expected to recover as
the bonds approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline.  Management
does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality.  Accordingly, as of September 30,
2016, management believes the impairments detailed in the table above are temporary.  Should the impairment of any of
these securities become other than temporary, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized
in net income in the period the other-than-temporary impairment is identified. 

The book value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase equaled $123.8 million
and $96.8 million for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Income earned on securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, is as follows: 

Maturities of investment securities at September 30, 2016, are as follows: 

The carrying value, which approximates the fair value, of securities pledged as collateral,
to secure public deposits and for other purposes, amounted to $915.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $840.4 million at December
31, 2015. 

There were $315,000 of gross realized gains and no realized losses from the sale of available
for sale securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and there were $4.4 million of realized gains and no realized
losses from the sale of available for sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were $43,000 of gross
realized gains and $3,000 of realized losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and there were $45,000 of gross realized
gains and $43,000 of realized losses from the sale of available for sale securities during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

The state and political subdivision debt obligations are predominately non-rated bonds
representing small issuances, primarily in Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee and Texas issues, which are evaluated on an ongoing basis. 

NOTE 4:      LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

At September 30, 2016, the Company s loan portfolio was $5.401 billion, compared
to $4.919 billion at December 31, 2015.  The various categories of loans are summarized as follows: 

______________________________ 

(1)  See Note 5, Loans Acquired, for segregation of loans acquired by loan class.   

Loan Origination/Risk Management    The Company seeks to manage its credit
risk by diversifying its loan portfolio, determining that borrowers have adequate sources of cash flow for loan repayment without
liquidation of collateral; obtaining and monitoring collateral; providing an adequate allowance for loans losses by regularly reviewing
loans through the internal loan review process.  The loan portfolio is diversified by borrower, purpose and industry.  The
Company seeks to use diversification within the loan portfolio to reduce its credit risk, thereby minimizing the adverse impact
on the portfolio, if weaknesses develop in either the economy or a particular segment of borrowers.  Collateral requirements
are based on credit assessments of borrowers and may be used to recover the debt in case of default.  Furthermore, a
factor that influenced the Company s judgment regarding the allowance for loan losses consists of a five-year historical
loss average segregated by each primary loan sector.  On an annual basis, historical loss rates are calculated for each
sector. 

Consumer    The consumer loan portfolio consists of credit card loans and
other consumer loans.  Credit card loans are diversified by geographic region to reduce credit risk and minimize any
adverse impact on the portfolio. Although they are regularly reviewed to facilitate the identification and monitoring of creditworthiness,
credit card loans are unsecured loans, making them more susceptible to be impacted by economic downturns resulting in increasing
unemployment.  Other consumer loans include direct and indirect installment loans and overdrafts.  Loans in
this portfolio segment are sensitive to unemployment and other key consumer economic measures. 

Real estate    The real estate loan portfolio consists of construction loans,
single family residential loans and commercial loans.  Construction and development loans ( C D ) and
commercial real estate loans ( CRE ) can be particularly sensitive to valuation of real estate.  Commercial
real estate cycles are inevitable.  The long planning and production process for new properties and rapid shifts in business
conditions and employment create an inherent tension between supply and demand for commercial properties.  While general
economic trends often move individual markets in the same direction over time, the timing and magnitude of changes are determined
by other forces unique to each market.  CRE cycles tend to be local in nature and longer than other credit cycles.  Factors
influencing the CRE market are traditionally different from those affecting residential real estate markets; thereby making predictions
for one market based on the other difficult.  Additionally, submarkets within commercial real estate   such as
office, industrial, apartment, retail and hotel   also experience different cycles, providing an opportunity to lower the
overall risk through diversification across types of CRE loans.  Management realizes that local demand and supply conditions
will also mean that different geographic areas will experience cycles of different amplitude and length.  The Company
monitors these loans closely. 

Commercial    The commercial loan portfolio includes commercial and agricultural
loans, representing loans to commercial customers and farmers for use in normal business or farming operations to finance working
capital needs, equipment purchase or other expansion projects.  Collection risk in this portfolio is driven by the creditworthiness
of the underlying borrowers, particularly cash flow from customers  business or farming operations.  The Company
continues its efforts to keep loan terms short, reducing the negative impact of upward movement in interest rates.  Term
loans are generally set up with one or three year balloons, and the Company has recently instituted a pricing mechanism for commercial
loans.  It is standard practice to require personal guaranties on all commercial loans, particularly as they relate to
closely-held or limited liability entities. 

Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans    Loans are considered past due if the required
principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due.  Loans are placed on nonaccrual
status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due, as well
as when required by regulatory provisions.  Loans may be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of whether or not such
loans are considered past due.  When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest
income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due.  Loans are
returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments
are reasonably assured. 

Nonaccrual loans, excluding loans acquired, segregated by class of loans, are as follows: 

An age analysis of past due loans, excluding loans acquired, segregated by class of loans,
is as follows: 

Impaired Loans    A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that
the Company will not receive all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loans, including scheduled principal and
interest payments.  This includes loans that are delinquent 90 days or more, nonaccrual loans and certain other loans
identified by management.  Certain other loans identified by management consist of performing loans with specific allocations
of the allowance for loan losses. Impaired loans are carried at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s
existing rate, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.   

Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature and on
an individual loan basis for other loans.  Impaired loans, or portions thereof, are charged-off when deemed uncollectible. 

Impaired loans, net of government guarantees and excluding loans acquired, segregated
by class of loans, are as follows: 

At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, impaired loans, net of government guarantees
and excluding loans acquired, totaled $40.5 million and $18.2 million, respectively.  Allocations of the allowance for
loan losses relative to impaired loans were $580,000 and $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Approximately $430,000 and $1.2 million of interest income was recognized on average impaired loans of $42.1 million and $34.0
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Interest income recognized on impaired loans on a cash
basis during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not material. 

Included in certain impaired loan categories are troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ).  When
the Company restructures a loan to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty and grants a concession that it would not
otherwise consider, a  troubled debt restructuring  results and the Company classifies the loan as a TDR.  The
Company grants various types of concessions, primarily interest rate reduction and/or payment modifications or extensions, with
an occasional forgiveness of principal. 

Under ASC Topic 310-10-35    Subsequent Measurement , a TDR is considered
to be impaired, and an impairment analysis must be performed.  The Company assesses the exposure for each modification,
either by collateral discounting or by calculation of the present value of future cash flows, and determines if a specific allocation
to the allowance for loan losses is needed. 

Once an obligation has been restructured because of such credit problems, it continues
to be considered a TDR until paid in full; or, if an obligation yields a market interest rate and no longer has any concession
regarding payment amount or amortization, then it is not considered a TDR at the beginning of the calendar year after the year
in which the improvement takes place. The Company returns TDRs to accrual status only if (1) all contractual amounts due can
reasonably be expected to be repaid within a prudent period, and (2) repayment has been in accordance with the contract for a sustained
period, typically at least six months. 

The following table presents a summary of troubled debt restructurings, excluding loans
acquired, segregated by class of loans. 

The following table presents loans that were restructured as TDRs during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, excluding loans acquired, segregated by class of loans. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company modified 21 loans with
a recorded investment of $3.0 million prior to modification which were deemed troubled debt restructuring.  The restructured
loans were modified by deferring amortized principal payments, changing the maturity date, changing the interest rate and requiring
interest only payments for a period of 12 months.  Based on the fair value of the collateral, a specific reserve of $78,000
was determined necessary for these loans.  Also, there was no immediate financial impact from the restructuring of these
loans, as it was not considered necessary to charge-off interest or principal on the date of restructure. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company modified 67 loans with a
recorded investment of $13.4 million prior to modification which was deemed troubled debt restructuring. The restructured
loans were modified by deferring amortized principal payments, changing the maturity date, changing the interest rate and requiring
interest only payments for a period of 12 months. Based on the fair value of the collateral, a specific reserve of $402,000 was
determined necessary for these loans. Also, there was no immediate financial impact from the restructuring of these loans, as it
was not considered necessary to charge-off interest or principal on the date of restructure. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company modified eight loans with
a recorded investment of $610,000 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company modified fifteen loans with
a total recorded investment of $1,338,000 prior to modification which were deemed troubled debt restructuring.  The restructured
loans were modified by changing various terms, including changing the maturity date, deferring amortized principal payments and
requiring interest only payments for a period of 12 months.  Based on the fair value of the collateral, a $113,000 specific
reserve was determined necessary for these loans.  Also, there was no immediate financial impact from the restructuring
of these loans, as it was not considered necessary to charge-off interest or principal on the date of restructure. 

There was one consumer loan for which a payment default occurred during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, that had been modified as a TDR within 12 months or less of the payment default. A charge off of
$39,000 was recorded for this loan. There were no loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for which there was a
payment default. We define a payment default as a payment received more than 90 days after its due date. 

In addition to the TDRs that occurred during the period provided in the preceding tables,
the Company had TDRs with pre-modification loan balances of $166,500 and $167,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
for which other real estate owned ( OREO ) was received in full or partial satisfaction of the loans. The majority
of such TDRs were in commercial real estate and residential real estate. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,034,000 of consumer
mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process. At September
30, 2016, the Company had $5,875,000 of OREO secured by residential real estate properties. 

Credit Quality Indicators    As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit
quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to
(i) the weighted-average risk rating of commercial and real estate loans, (ii) the level of classified commercial and real estate
loans, (iii) net charge-offs, (iv) non-performing loans (see details above) and (v) the general economic conditions in the States
of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Tennessee. 

The Company utilizes a risk rating matrix to assign a risk rate to each of its commercial
and real estate loans. Loans are rated on a scale of 1 to 8.  A description of the general characteristics of the 8 risk
ratings is as follows: 

Risk Rate 1   Pass (Excellent)    This category includes loans which are virtually free of credit risk.  Borrowers
in this category represent the highest credit quality and greatest financial strength.   

Risk Rate 2   Pass (Good)  - Loans under this category possess a nominal risk of default.  This category
includes borrowers with strong financial strength and superior financial ratios and trends.  These loans are generally
fully secured by cash or equivalents (other than those rated "excellent ).   

Risk Rate 3   Pass (Acceptable   Average)  - Loans in this category are considered to possess a normal level
of risk.  Borrowers in this category have satisfactory financial strength and adequate cash flow coverage to service
debt requirements.  If secured, the perfected collateral should be of acceptable quality and within established borrowing
parameters.   

Risk Rate 4   Pass (Monitor)  - Loans in the Watch (Monitor) category exhibit an overall acceptable level of risk,
but that risk may be increased by certain conditions, which represent "red flags".  These "red flags"
require a higher level of supervision or monitoring than the normal "Pass" rated credit.  The borrower may
be experiencing these conditions for the first time, or it may be recovering from weakness, which at one time justified a harsher
rating.  These conditions may include: weaknesses in financial trends; marginal cash flow; one-time negative operating
results; non-compliance with policy or borrowing agreements; poor diversity in operations; lack of adequate monitoring information
or lender supervision; questionable management ability/stability.   

Risk Rate 5   Special Mention  - A loan in this category has potential weaknesses that deserve management's close
attention.  If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for
the asset or in the institution's credit position at some future date.  Special Mention loans are not adversely classified
(although they are "criticized") and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.  Borrowers
may be experiencing adverse operating trends, or an ill-proportioned balance sheet.  Non-financial characteristics of
a Special Mention rating may include management problems, pending litigation, a non-existent, or ineffective loan agreement or
other material structural weakness, and/or other significant deviation from prudent lending practices.   

Risk Rate 6   Substandard  - A Substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying
capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness,
or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt.  The loans are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  This does not imply ultimate loss of
the principal, but may involve burdensome administrative expenses and the accompanying cost to carry the loan.   

Risk Rate 7   Doubtful    A loan classified Doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in a substandard loan
except that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full (on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values)
highly questionable and improbable. Doubtful borrowers are usually in default, lack adequate liquidity, or capital, and lack the
resources necessary to remain an operating entity.  The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of specific
pending events that may strengthen the asset, its classification as loss is deferred.  Pending factors include: proposed
merger or acquisition; liquidation procedures; capital injection; perfection of liens on additional collateral; and refinancing
plans.  Loans classified as Doubtful are placed on nonaccrual status.   

Risk Rate 8   Loss  - Loans classified Loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance
as bankable assets is not warranted.  This classification does not mean that the loans has absolutely no recovery or
salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless loan, even though partial
recovery may be affected in the future.  Borrowers in the Loss category are often in bankruptcy, have formally suspended
debt repayments, or have otherwise ceased normal business operations.  Loans should be classified as Loss and charged-off
in the period in which they become uncollectible.   

Loans acquired are evaluated using this internal grading system. Loans acquired are evaluated
individually and include purchased credit impaired loans of $20.4 million and $23.5 million that are accounted for under ASC
Topic 310-30 and are classified as substandard (Risk Rating 6) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Of
the remaining loans acquired and accounted for under ASC Topic 310-20, $52.8 million and $49.9 million were classified (Risk Ratings
6, 7 and 8   see classified loans discussion below) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Loans acquired, covered by loss share agreements, had additional protection provided
by the FDIC prior to the termination of the loss share agreements. During the 2014 quarterly impairment testing on the estimated
cash flows of the credit impaired loans, the Company established that some of the loans covered by loss share from our FDIC-assisted
transactions had experienced material projected credit deterioration. As a result, the Company established a $954,000 allowance
for loan losses on covered loans by recording a provision for loan losses of $0.4 million (net of FDIC-loss share adjustments)
during the period ended December 31, 2014. There was no further projected credit deterioration and no addition to the allowance
for covered loans during 2015. The $954,000 allowance was reclassified to allowance on acquired non-covered loans subsequent to
the agreement with the FDIC to terminate the loss share agreements. See Note 5, Loans Acquired, for further discussion of the acquired
loans and loss sharing agreements. 

Purchased credit impaired loans are loans that showed evidence of deterioration of credit
quality prior to acquisition and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts
contractually owed. Their fair value was initially based on the estimate of cash flows, both principal and interest, expected
to be collected or estimated collateral values if cash flows are not estimable, discounted at prevailing market rates of interest.
The difference between the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the fair value at acquisition is recognized as
interest income on a level-yield method over the life of the loan. Contractually required payments for interest and principal
that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition are not recognized as a yield adjustment. Increases in expected
cash flows subsequent to the initial investment are recognized prospectively through adjustment of the yield on the loan over
its remaining life. Decreases in expected cash flows are recognized as impairment. 

Classified loans for the Company include loans in Risk Ratings 6, 7 and 8.  Loans
may be classified, but not considered impaired, due to one of the following reasons:  (1) The Company has established
minimum dollar amount thresholds for loan impairment testing.  Loans rated 6   8 that fall under the threshold
amount are not tested for impairment and therefore are not included in impaired loans.  (2) Of the loans that are above
the threshold amount and tested for impairment, after testing, some are considered to not be impaired and are not included in impaired
loans.  Total classified loans, excluding loans accounted for under ASC Topic 310-30, were $178.7 million and $153.7 million,
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table presents a summary of loans by credit risk rating as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by class of loans. Loans accounted for under ASC Topic 310-30 are all included in Risk
Rate 1-4 in this table. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

Allowance for Loan Losses    The allowance for loan losses is a reserve established
through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, which represents management s best estimate of probable losses that
have been incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve
for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for loan loss methodology includes
allowance allocations calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 310-10,  Receivables , and allowance allocations calculated
in accordance with ASC Topic 450-20,  Loss Contingencies . Accordingly, the methodology is based on the Company s internal
grading system, specific impairment analysis, qualitative and quantitative factors. 

As mentioned above, allocations to the allowance for loan losses are categorized as either
specific allocations or general allocations. 

A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that the Company will not receive all
amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan, including scheduled principal and interest payments. For a collateral
dependent loan, the Company s evaluation process includes a valuation by appraisal or other collateral analysis. This valuation
is compared to the remaining outstanding principal balance of the loan. If a loss is determined to be probable, the loss is included
in the allowance for loan losses as a specific allocation. If the loan is not collateral dependent, the measurement of loss is
based on the difference between the expected and contractual future cash flows of the loan. 

The general allocation is calculated monthly based on management s assessment
of several factors such as (1) historical loss experience based on volumes and types, (2) volume and trends in delinquencies and
nonaccruals, (3) lending policies and procedures including those for loan losses, collections and recoveries, (4) national, state
and local economic trends and conditions, (5) external factors and pressure from competition, (6) the experience, ability and
depth of lending management and staff, (7) seasoning of new products obtained and new markets entered through acquisition and
(8) other factors and trends that will affect specific loans and categories of loans. The Company establishes general allocations
for each major loan category. This category also includes allocations to loans which are collectively evaluated for loss such
as credit cards, one-to-four family owner occupied residential real estate loans and other consumer loans. 

The following table details activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of
loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 

______________________________ 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015 was as follows: 

______________________________ 

The Company s recorded investment in loans, excluding loans acquired, related
to each balance in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment on the basis of the Company s impairment methodology
was as follows: 

NOTE 5:      LOANS ACQUIRED  

On September 15, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate
all loss share agreements which were entered into in 2010 and 2012 in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of substantially
all of the assets ( covered assets ) and assumption of substantially all of the liabilities of four failed banks in
FDIC-assisted transactions. Under the early termination, all rights and obligations of the Company and the FDIC under the FDIC
loss share agreements, including the clawback provisions and the settlement of loss share and expense reimbursement claims, have
been resolved and terminated. 

Under the terms of the agreement, the FDIC made a net payment of $2,368,000 to the bank
as consideration for the early termination of the loss share agreements. The early termination was recorded in the Company s
financial statements by removing the FDIC Indemnification Asset, receivable from FDIC, the FDIC True-up liability and recording
a one-time, pre-tax charge of $7,476,000. As a result, the Company reclassified loans previously covered by FDIC loss share to
loans acquired, not covered by FDIC loss share. Foreclosed assets previously covered by FDIC loss share were reclassified to foreclosed
assets not covered by FDIC loss share. 

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company evaluated $340.1 million of net loans ($348.8
million gross loans less $8.7 million discount) purchased in conjunction with the acquisition of Citizens, described in Note
2, Acquisitions, in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-20,  Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs . The fair value
discount is being accreted into interest income over the weighted average life of the loans using a constant yield method. These
loans are not considered to be impaired loans. The Company evaluated the remaining $757,000 of net loans ($1.6 million gross loans
less $848,000 discount) purchased in conjunction with the acquisition of Citizens for impairment in accordance with the provisions
of ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . Purchased loans are considered
impaired if there is evidence of credit deterioration since origination and if it is probable that not all contractually required
payments will be collected. 

During the first quarter of 2015, the Company evaluated $769.9 million of net loans ($774.8
million gross loans less $4.9 million discount) purchased in conjunction with the acquisition of Liberty, described in Note
2, Acquisitions, in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-20. The fair value discount is being accreted into interest
income over the weighted average life of the loans using a constant yield method. These loans are not considered to be impaired
loans. The Company evaluated the remaining $10.7 million of net loans ($15.7 million gross loans less $5.0 million discount) purchased
in conjunction with the acquisition of Liberty for impairment in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-30. 

Also during the first quarter of 2015, the Company evaluated $1.13 billion of net loans
($1.15 billion gross loans less $23.7 million discount) purchased in conjunction with the acquisition of Community First,
described in Note 2, Acquisitions, in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-20. The fair value discount is being accreted
into interest income over the weighted average life of the loans using a constant yield method. These loans are not considered
to be impaired loans. The Company evaluated the remaining $7.0 million of net loans ($10.1 million gross loans less $3.1 million
discount) purchased in conjunction with the acquisition of Community First for impairment in accordance with the provisions of
ASC Topic 310-30. 

The following table reflects the carrying value of all acquired loans as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

______________________________ 

Nonaccrual acquired loans, excluding purchased credit impaired loans accounted for under
ASC Topic 310-30, segregated by class of loans, are as follows (see Note 4, Loans an Allowance for Loan Losses, for discussion
of nonaccrual loans): 

An age analysis of past due acquired loans segregated by class of loans, is as follows
(see Note 4, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses, for discussion of past due loans): 

The following table presents a summary of acquired loans by credit risk rating, segregated
by class of loans (see Note 4, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses, for discussion of loan risk rating). Loans accounted for under
ASC Topic 310-30 are all included in Risk Rate 1-4 in this table. 

Loans acquired were individually evaluated and recorded at estimated fair value, including
estimated credit losses, at the time of acquisition. These loans are systematically reviewed by the Company to determine the risk
of losses that may exceed those identified at the time of the acquisition. Techniques used in determining risk of loss are similar
to the Company s legacy loan portfolio, with most focus being placed on those loans which include the larger loan relationships
and those loans which exhibit higher risk characteristics. 

The following is a summary of the loans acquired in the Citizens acquisition on September
9, 2016, as of the date of acquisition. 

The amount of the estimated cash flows expected to be received from the purchased credit
impaired loans in excess of the fair values recorded for the purchased credit impaired loans is referred to as the accretable yield.  The
accretable yield is recognized as interest income over the estimated lives of the loans.  Each quarter, the Company estimates
the cash flows expected to be collected from the acquired purchased credit impaired loans, and adjustments may or may not be required.  This
has resulted in increased interest income that is spread on a level-yield basis over the remaining expected lives of the loans.
For those loans previously covered by FDIC loss share, the increases in expected cash flows also reduced the amount of expected
reimbursements under the loss sharing agreements with the FDIC, which was recorded as indemnification assets.  The estimated
adjustments to the indemnification assets were amortized on a level-yield basis over the remainder of the loss-sharing agreements
or the remaining expected lives of the loans, whichever was shorter. Because the Company s loss share agreements with the
FDIC have been terminated, there will be no further indemnification asset amortization in future quarters. 

The impact of the adjustments on the Company s financial results for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is shown below: 

______________________________ 

(1)  Negative non-interest income resulted from the amortization of the FDIC indemnification assets. Because the Company s
loss share agreements with the FDIC have been terminated, there will be no further indemnification asset amortization.   

These adjustments will be recognized over the remaining lives of the purchased credit
impaired loans. The accretable yield adjustments recorded in future periods will change as the Company continues to evaluate expected
cash flows from the purchased credit impaired loans. 

Changes in the carrying amount of the accretable yield for all purchased impaired loans
were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Purchased impaired loans are evaluated on an individual borrower basis. Because some
loans evaluated by the Company, previously covered by loss share agreements, were determined to have experienced impairment in
the estimated credit quality or cash flows during 2014, the Company recorded a provision to establish a $954,000 allowance for
loan losses for covered purchased impaired loans. During 2015, the Company recorded a provision totaling $736,000 to cover impairment
in the estimated credit quality of acquired loans, not covered by loss share. Non-covered loans were subsequently charged-off and
the allowance was used during 2015. Because of the termination of the loss share agreements, the allowance for previously covered
loans was reclassified to allowance for acquired non-covered loans, resulting in a total allowance on acquired non-covered loans
of $954,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The purchase and assumption agreements for the FDIC-assisted acquisitions allowed for
the FDIC to recover a portion of the funds previously paid out under the indemnification agreement in the event losses failed to
reach the expected loss level under a claw back provision ( true-up provision ). The amount of the true-up provision
for each acquisition was measured and recorded at Day 1 fair values. It was calculated as the difference between management s
estimated losses on covered loans and covered foreclosed assets and the loss threshold contained in each loss share agreement,
multiplied by the applicable clawback provisions contained in each loss share agreement, then discounted back to net present value.
Due to the termination of the FDIC agreements in September 2015 there was no amortization expense recorded for the three or nine
months ended September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, amortization expense of $27,000 and $107,000,
respectively and an adjustment related to changes in expected losses of $187,000 and $720,000, respectively was recorded. 

NOTE 6:      GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Goodwill is tested annually, or more often than annually, if circumstances warrant, for
impairment.  If the implied fair value of goodwill is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment is indicated,
and goodwill is written down to its implied fair value.  Subsequent increases in goodwill value are not recognized in
the financial statements.  Goodwill totaled $348.8 million at September 30, 2016 and $327.7 million at December 31, 2015. The
Company recorded $21.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of its acquisition of Citizens. Goodwill
impairment was neither indicated nor recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Core deposit premiums are amortized over a ten year period and are periodically evaluated,
at least annually, as to the recoverability of their carrying value. Core deposit premium of $4.9 million was recorded during the
third quarter of 2016 as part of the Citizens acquisition. Core deposit premiums of $11.3 million and $14.6 million were recorded
during the first quarter of 2015 as part of the Community First and Liberty acquisitions, respectively. 

Intangible assets are being amortized over various periods ranging from 10 to 15 years.
The Community First acquisition on February 27, 2015 included an insurance line of business and the Company recorded an intangible
asset of $420,000 during the first quarter of 2015. 

The Company s goodwill and other intangibles (carrying basis and accumulated amortization)
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were as follows:  

The Company s estimated remaining amortization expense on intangibles as of September
30, 2016 is as follows: 

NOTE 7:      TIME DEPOSITS  

Time deposits include approximately $674,917,000 and $625,775,000 of certificates of
deposit of $100,000 or more at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. Of this total approximately $165,983,000
and $186,352,000 of certificates of deposit were over $250,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 8:      INCOME TAXES  

The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
is comprised of the following components: 

The tax effects of temporary differences related to deferred taxes shown on the balance
sheets were: 

A reconciliation of income tax expense at the statutory rate to the Company's actual
income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is shown below: 

The Company follows ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , which prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return.  Benefits from tax positions should be recognized in the financial statements only when
it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority that would
have full knowledge of all relevant information.  A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Tax
positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
financial reporting period in which that threshold is met.  Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that
threshold is no longer met.  ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of unrecognized
tax benefits, interest and penalties. 

The amount of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the future for various
reasons including adding amounts for current tax year positions, expiration of open income tax returns due to the statutes of limitation,
changes in management s judgment about the level of uncertainty, status of examinations, litigation and legislative activity
and the addition or elimination of uncertain tax positions. 

Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes an annual limit on the ability of a
corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  to use its U.S. net operating losses to reduce its tax liability.
The Company closed a stock acquisition in a prior year that invoked the Section 382 annual limitation. Approximately $37.5 million
of federal net operating losses subject to the IRC Sec 382 annual limitation are expected to be utilized by the Company. The net
operating loss carryforwards expire between 2028 and 2035. 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction.  The
Company s U.S. federal income tax returns are open and subject to examinations from the 2012 tax year and forward.  The
Company s various state income tax returns are generally open from the 2009 and later tax return years based on individual
state statute of limitations. 

NOTE 9:      SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE  

We utilize securities sold under agreements to repurchase to facilitate the needs of
our customers and to facilitate secured short-term funding needs. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are stated at
the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. We monitor collateral levels on a continuous basis. We may be required
to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase
agreements are maintained with our safekeeping agents. 

The gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreements was $123.8 million
and $96.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The remaining contractual maturity of the securities
sold under agreements to repurchase in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is presented
in the following tables. 

NOTE 10:      OTHER BORROWINGS AND SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES  

Debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following components: 

During October 2015, the Company borrowed $52.3 million from correspondent banks at a
rate of 3.85% with quarterly principal and interest payments. The debt has a 10 year amortization with a 5 year balloon payment
due in October 2020. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had $120.0 million of Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB )
advances with original maturities of one year or less. 

The Company had total FHLB advances of $166.2 million at September 30, 2016, with approximately
$830.2 million of additional advances available from the FHLB.  The FHLB advances are secured by mortgage loans and investment
securities totaling approximately $1.105 billion at September 30, 2016. 

The trust preferred securities are tax-advantaged issues that qualify for Tier 1 capital
treatment. Distributions on these securities are included in interest expense on long-term debt. Each of the trusts is a statutory
business trust organized for the sole purpose of issuing trust securities and investing the proceeds thereof in junior subordinated
debentures of the Company, the sole asset of each trust. The preferred securities of each trust represent preferred beneficial
interests in the assets of the respective trusts and are subject to mandatory redemption upon payment of the junior subordinated
debentures held by the trust. The common securities of each trust are wholly-owned by the Company. Each trust s ability to
pay amounts due on the trust preferred securities is solely dependent upon the Company making payment on the related junior subordinated
debentures. The Company s obligations under the junior subordinated securities and other relevant trust agreements, in aggregate,
constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each respective trust s obligations under the trust securities
issued by each respective trust. 

Aggregate annual maturities of debt at September 30, 2016, are: 

NOTE 11:      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  

The Company and/or its subsidiaries have various unrelated legal proceedings, most of
which involve loan foreclosure activity pending, which, in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on
the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

During 2012, the Company approved a stock repurchase program which authorized the repurchase
of up to 850,000 shares of Class A common stock, or approximately 5% of the shares outstanding at that time. The shares are to
be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market or unsolicited negotiated transactions, depending
upon market conditions. Under the repurchase program, there is no time limit for the stock repurchases, nor is there a minimum
number of shares that the Company intends to repurchase. The Company may discontinue purchases at any time that management determines
additional purchases are not warranted. The Company intends to use the repurchased shares to satisfy stock option exercises, payment
of future stock awards and dividends and general corporate purposes. The Company suspended its stock repurchases in August of 2013,
with 154,136 shares remaining available for repurchase under the program. 

On March 4, 2014 the Company filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Subsequently, on June 18, 2014 the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to the shelf registration
statement. After becoming effective, the shelf registration statement allows the Company to raise capital from time to time, up
to an aggregate of $300 million, through the sale of common stock, preferred stock, stock warrants, stock rights or a combination
thereof, subject to market conditions. Specific terms and prices are determined at the time of any offering under a separate prospectus
supplement that the Company is required to file with the SEC at the time of the specific offering. 

NOTE 13:      UNDIVIDED PROFITS  

The Company s subsidiary bank is subject to a legal limitation on dividends that
can be paid to the parent company without prior approval of the applicable regulatory agencies.  The approval of the
Commissioner of the Arkansas State Bank Department is required, if the total of all dividends declared by an Arkansas state bank
in any calendar year exceeds seventy-five percent (75%) of the total of its net profits, as defined, for that year combined with
seventy-five percent (75%) of its retained net profits of the preceding year.  At September 30, 2016, the Company s
subsidiary bank had approximately $2.7 million available for payment of dividends to the Company, without prior regulatory
approval. 

The risk-based capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board and the Arkansas State
Bank Department include the definitions for (1) a well-capitalized institution, (2) an adequately-capitalized institution, and
(3) an undercapitalized institution.  Under the newly adopted Basel III Rules, the criteria for a well-capitalized institution
are: a 5% "Tier l leverage capital" ratio, an 8% "Tier 1 risk-based capital" ratio, 10% "total risk-based
capital" ratio; and a 6.50%  common equity Tier 1 (CET1)  ratio. 

The Company and Bank must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of CET1 capital
above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016,
at the 0.625% level and will phase in over a four-year period (increasing by that amount on each subsequent January 1 until it
reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019).  As of September 30, 2016, the Company and its subsidiary bank met all capital adequacy
requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules, and management believes the Company and subsidiary bank would meet all Capital
Rules on a fully phased-in basis if such requirements were currently effective. The Company's CET1 ratio was 13.81% at September
30, 2016. 

NOTE 14:      STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  

The Company s Board of Directors has adopted various stock compensation plans.  The
plans provide for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units.  Pursuant to the plans, shares are reserved for future issuance
by the Company upon exercise of stock options or satisfaction of the conditions in the awards of the restricted or performance
stock to directors, officers and other key employees. 

The table below summarizes the transactions under the Company's active stock compensation
plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The following table summarizes information about stock options under the plans outstanding
at September 30, 2016: 

Total stock-based compensation expense was $4,204,000 and $2,010,000 during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over
the requisite service period for all stock-based awards.  There was $1,161,000 of unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense related to stock options at September 30, 2016. Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock
awards was $7,380,000 at September 30, 2016.  At such date, the weighted-average period over which this unrecognized
expense is expected to be recognized was 2.8 years. 

The intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable at September
30, 2016 was $3,534,000 and $2,247,000.  Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company s
closing stock price on the last trading day of the period, which was $49.90 as of September 30, 2016, and the exercise price multiplied
by the number of options outstanding and exercisable at a price below that closing price.  The total intrinsic value
of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, was $1,063,000 and $1,672,000,
respectively. 

The fair value of the Company s employee stock options granted is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions,
changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $11.64 and $7.81 per share, respectively. The Company estimated expected
market price volatility and expected term of the options based on historical data and other factors. The weighted-average assumptions
used to determine the fair value of options granted are detailed in the table below: 

NOTE 15:      ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION  

The following is a summary of the Company s additional cash flow information during
the nine months ended: 

NOTE 16:      OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES  

Other operating expenses consist of the following: 

NOTE 17:      CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS  

From time to time the Company and its subsidiaries have made loans and other extensions
of credit to directors, officers, their associates and members of their immediate families.  From time to time directors,
officers and their associates and members of their immediate families have placed deposits with the Company s subsidiary
banks, Simmons Bank and Citizens National Bank.  Such loans, other extensions of credit and deposits were made in the
ordinary course of business, on substantially the same terms (including interest rates and collateral) as those prevailing at
the time for comparable transactions with other persons not related to the lender and did not involve more than normal risk of
collectability or present other unfavorable features. 

NOTE 18:      COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT RISK  

The Company grants agri-business, commercial and residential loans to customers throughout
Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Tennessee, along with credit card loans to customers throughout the United States.  Commitments
to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.  Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Since a portion
of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  Each
customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary,
is based on management's credit evaluation of the counterparty.  Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable,
inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial real estate and residential real estate. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding commitments to extend credit aggregating
approximately $616,175,000 and $1,063,150,000 for credit card commitments and other loan commitments.  At December 31,
2015, the Company had outstanding commitments to extend credit aggregating approximately $497,961,000 and $805,673,000 for credit
card commitments and other loan commitments, respectively. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company, to guarantee
the performance of a customer to a third party.  Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private
borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions.  The credit risk involved
in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers.  The Company had
total outstanding letters of credit amounting to $30,053,000 and $23,515,000 at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively,
with terms ranging from 9 months to 15 years.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no deferred
revenue under standby letter of credit agreements. 

NOTE 19:      PREFERRED STOCK  

On February 27, 2015, as part of the acquisition of Community First, the Company issued
30,852 shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A ( Simmons Series A Preferred Stock ) in
exchange for the outstanding shares of Community First Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C ( Community
First Series C Preferred Stock ). The preferred stock was held by the United States Department of the Treasury ( Treasury )
as the Community First Series C Preferred Stock was issued when Community First entered into a Small Business Lending Fund Securities
Purchase Agreement with the Treasury.  The Simmons Series A Preferred Stock qualified as Tier 1 capital and paid quarterly
dividends.  The rate would have remained fixed at 1% through February 18, 2016, at which time it would have converted to
a fixed rate of 9%. On January 29, 2016, the Company redeemed all of the preferred stock, including accrued and unpaid dividends. 

NOTE 20:      FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements  defines fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The guidance
also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value.  Topic 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Inputs    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 Inputs    Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
in active markets; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable
or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level 3 Inputs    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   

In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available.  If
such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs,
observable market-based parameters.  Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded
at fair value.  These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the Company s
creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters.  Any such valuation adjustments are applied
consistently over time.  The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not
be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.  While management believes the Company s
valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions
to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting
date.  Furthermore, the reported fair value amounts have not been comprehensively revalued since the presentation dates,
and therefore, estimates of fair value after the balance sheet date may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein.  A
more detailed description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the
general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. 

Following is a description of the inputs and valuation methodologies used for assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as the general
classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Available-for-sale securities    Where quoted market prices are available
in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities would include highly
liquid government bonds, mortgage products and exchange traded equities. Other securities classified as available-for-sale are
reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent
pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows,
the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information
and the security s terms and conditions, among other things. In order to ensure the fair values are consistent with ASC Topic
820, we periodically check the fair values by comparing them to another pricing source, such as Bloomberg. The availability of
pricing confirms Level 2 classification in the fair value hierarchy. The third-party pricing service is subject to an annual review
of internal controls (SSAE 16), which is made available to us for our review. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs
are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. The Company s investment in U.S. Treasury securities
is reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. The remainder of the Company's available-for-sale securities are reported at
fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. 

Assets held in trading accounts    The Company s trading account investment
in the AIM Fund is reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs.  The remainder of the Company's assets held in trading
accounts are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. 

The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets by level within the
fair value hierarchy that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Certain financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in
certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment).  Financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include the following: 

Impaired loans (collateral dependent)    Loan impairment is reported when
full payment under the loan terms is not expected. Allowable methods for determining the amount of impairment include estimating
fair value using the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent loans. If the impaired loan is identified as collateral
dependent, then the fair value method of measuring the amount of impairment is utilized. This method requires obtaining a current
independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor to the value. A portion of the allowance for loan losses
is allocated to impaired loans if the value of such loans is deemed to be less than the unpaid balance. If these allocations cause
the allowance for loan losses to require an increase, such increase is reported as a component of the provision for loan losses.
Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan is confirmed. Impaired loans
that are collateral dependent are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when impairment is determined using the
fair value method. 

Appraisals are updated at renewal, if not more frequently, for all collateral dependent
loans that are deemed impaired by way of impairment testing. Impairment testing is performed on all loans over $1.5 million rated
Substandard or worse, all existing impaired loans regardless of size and all TDRs. All collateral dependent impaired loans meeting
these thresholds have had updated appraisals or internally prepared evaluations within the last one to two years and these updated
valuations are considered in the quarterly review and discussion of the corporate Special Asset Committee. On targeted CRE loans,
appraisals/internally prepared valuations may be updated before the typical 1-3 year balloon/maturity period. If an updated valuation
results in decreased value, a specific (ASC 310) impairment is placed against the loan, or a partial charge-down is initiated,
depending on the circumstances and anticipation of the loan s ability to remain a going concern, possibility of foreclosure,
certain market factors, etc. 

Foreclosed assets held for sale    Foreclosed assets held for sale are reported
at fair value, less estimated costs to sell.  At foreclosure, if the fair value, less estimated costs to sell, of the
real estate acquired is less than the Company s recorded investment in the related loan, a write-down is recognized through
a charge to the allowance for loan losses.  Additionally, valuations are periodically performed by management and any
subsequent reduction in value is recognized by a charge to income.  The fair value of foreclosed assets held for sale
is estimated using Level 3 inputs based on unobservable market data.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the fair value of foreclosed assets held for sale less estimated costs to sell was $30.4 million and $44.8 million, respectively. 

The significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) used in the fair value measurement of collateral
for collateral-dependent impaired loans and foreclosed assets primarily relate to the specialized discounting criteria applied
to the borrower s reported amount of collateral.  The amount of the collateral discount depends upon the condition
and marketability of the collateral, as well as other factors which may affect the collectability of the loan.  Management s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers
factors specific to the asset.  It is reasonably possible that a change in the estimated fair value for instruments measured
using Level 3 inputs could occur in the future.  As the Company s primary objective in the event of default would
be to liquidate the collateral to settle the outstanding balance of the loan, collateral that is less marketable would receive
a larger discount.  During the reported periods, collateral discounts ranged from 10% to 40% for commercial and residential
real estate collateral. 

Mortgage loans held for sale    Mortgage loans held for sale are reported
at fair value if, on an aggregate basis, the fair value of the loans is less than cost.  In determining whether the fair
value of loans held for sale is less than cost when quoted market prices are not available, the Company may consider outstanding
investor commitments, discounted cash flow analyses with market assumptions or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is
collateral dependent.  Such loans are classified within either Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  Where
assumptions are made using significant unobservable inputs, such loans held for sale are classified as Level 3.  At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the aggregate fair value of mortgage loans held for sale exceeded their cost.  Accordingly,
no mortgage loans held for sale were marked down and reported at fair value. 

The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets by level within the
fair value hierarchy that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

________________________ 

(1)  These amounts represent the resulting carrying amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for impaired collateral dependent
loans and foreclosed assets held for sale for which fair value re-measurements took place during the period.   

ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments , requires disclosure in annual and interim
financial statements of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial
liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or nonrecurring basis.  The following
methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments. 

Cash and cash equivalents    The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents
approximates fair value (Level 1). 

Interest bearing balances due from banks    The fair value of interest bearing
balances due from banks   time is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered
on deposits of similar remaining maturities (Level 2). 

Held-to-maturity securities    Fair values for held-to-maturity securities
equal quoted market prices, if available, such as for highly liquid government bonds (Level 1).  If quoted market prices
are not available, fair values are estimated based on quoted market prices of similar securities. For these securities, the Company
obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service.  The fair value measurements consider observable
data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution
data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the security s terms and conditions, among other things
(Level 2).  In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level
3 of the hierarchy. 

Loans    The fair value of loans, excluding loans acquired, is estimated
by discounting the future cash flows, using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit
ratings and for the same remaining maturities.  Loans with similar characteristics were aggregated for purposes of the
calculations (Level 3). 

Loans acquired    Fair values of loans acquired are based on a discounted
cash flow methodology that considers factors including the type of loan and related collateral, variable or fixed rate, classification
status, remaining term, interest rate, historical delinquencies, loan to value ratios, current market rates and remaining loan
balance.  The loans were grouped together according to similar characteristics and were treated in the aggregate when
applying various valuation techniques.  The discount rates used for loans were based on current market rates for new
originations of similar loans.  Estimated credit losses were also factored into the projected cash flows of the loans
(Level 3). 

Deposits    The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts and money
market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amount) (Level 2).  The fair
value of fixed-maturity time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered
for deposits of similar remaining maturities (Level 3). 

Federal Funds purchased, securities sold under agreement to repurchase and short-term
debt    The carrying amount for Federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreement to repurchase and short-term
debt are a reasonable estimate of fair value (Level 2). 

Other borrowings    For short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a
reasonable estimate of fair value.  For long-term debt, rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar
terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value (Level 2). 

Subordinated debentures    The fair value of subordinated debentures is estimated
using the rates that would be charged for subordinated debentures of similar remaining maturities (Level 2). 

Accrued interest receivable/payable    The carrying amounts of accrued interest
approximated fair value (Level 2). 

Commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and lines of credit    The
fair value of commitments is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the
remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties.  For fixed rate loan commitments,
fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates.  The fair
values of letters of credit and lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated
cost to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date. 

The fair value of a financial instrument is the current amount that would be exchanged
between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation.  Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market
prices.  However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments.  In
cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.  Those
techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows.  Accordingly,
the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. 

The estimated fair values, and related carrying amounts, of the Company s financial
instruments are as follows: 

The fair value of commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and lines of credit
is not presented since management believes the fair value to be insignificant. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Simmons First National Corporation 

 Pine Bluff, Arkansas 

We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of  SIMMONS
FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION  as of September 30, 2016, and the related condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  These interim financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. 

We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States).  A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical
procedures to financial data and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters.  It is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole.  Accordingly,
we do not express such an opinion. 

Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made
to the condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our
report dated February 29, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.  In our
opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, is fairly
stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. 

BKD, LLP   

/s/ BKD, LLP  

Little Rock, Arkansas 

 November 8, 2016 

Item 2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

OVERVIEW   

Our net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $23.4 million and
diluted earnings per share were $0.76, compared to net income of $21.6 million and $0.72 diluted earnings per share for the same
period of 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by $0.04, or 5.6%. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
was $69.8 million and diluted earnings per share were $2.28, compared to net income of $50.3 million and $1.83 diluted earnings
per share for the same period in 2015. Year-to-date diluted earnings per share increased by $0.45, or 24.6%. 

Net income for each quarter in both 2016 and 2015 included nonrecurring items that impacted
net income. The 2016 nonrecurring items primarily related to merger related costs and branch right sizing initiatives. The 2015
nonrecurring items were significant and related mainly to our acquisitions. Excluding all nonrecurring items, core earnings for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $24.4 million, or $0.79 diluted core earnings per share, compared to $25.6
million, or $0.85 diluted core earnings per share for the same period in 2015. Diluted core earnings per share decreased by
$0.06, or 7.1%. Year-to-date core earnings were $72.7 million, an increase of $8.9 million, or 14.1%, compared with the same period
in 2015. Year-to-date diluted core earnings per share were $2.37, an increase of $0.05, or 2.2%. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP
Measures and Table 13   Reconciliation of Core Earnings (non-GAAP) for additional discussion of non-GAAP measures. 

On February 19, 2016, we merged Simmons First Trust Company and Trust Company of the
Ozarks with and into Simmons First National Bank. We believe this will allow us to offer our trust services in an efficient and
consistent manner throughout our footprint. 

On September 9, 2016, we closed the transaction to acquire Citizens National Bank ( Citizens ),
headquartered in Athens, Tennessee. At September 30, 2016, Citizens operated as an independently chartered bank. Citizens was
subsequently merged into our lead bank on October 21, 2016 with simultaneous systems conversion. As a result of this acquisition,
we recognized $2.0 million in after tax merger related expenses during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. 

During the first nine months of 2016 we opened our third retail banking office in Fayetteville,
Arkansas, and closed 10 branches in various locations around our footprint. We intend to continue to review our branching strategy
in future years based on market conditions, changes in economic or competitive conditions as well as various other factors. 

On February 27, 2015, we closed the transactions to acquire Community First Bancshares,
Inc. ( Community First ) and Liberty Bancshares, Inc. ( Liberty ). Liberty Bank was subsequently merged
into our lead bank, Simmons First National Bank, on April 24, 2015 with a simultaneous systems conversion. First State Bank was
subsequently merged into our lead bank, Simmons First National Bank, on September 4, 2015 with a simultaneous systems conversion.
As a result of these acquisitions, we recognized $7.7 million in after tax merger related expenses during the nine month
period ended September 30, 2015. 

Our operating performance continues to produce good results. We are pleased with the
results from the third quarter as we continue to absorb our most recent acquisition as well as the acquisitions from the previous
two years. Competitive pressures and artificially low interest rates continue to put pressure on our net interest income but we
have done a good job of diversifying our revenue through other lines of business such as our trust operations, mortgage lending,
credit card services, and other wealth management offerings. We will continue to focus on improving our efficiency throughout the
remainder of the year. We continue to pursue growth opportunities and focus on improvement in our core operating income. 

We are also pleased with the positive trends in our balance sheet, as reflected in our
organic loan growth as well as in our growth from acquisitions. We intend to continue seeking acquisitions that are strategic to
our business. 

Stockholders  equity as of September 30, 2016 was $1.147 billion, book value per
share was $36.69 and tangible book value per share was $23.80.  Our ratio of stockholders  equity to total
assets was 13.9% and the ratio of tangible stockholders  equity to tangible assets was 9.5% at September 30, 2016. See Table
14   Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value per Share (non-GAAP) and Table 15   Reconciliation of Tangible Common Equity
and the Ratio of Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets (non-GAAP) for additional discussion of non-GAAP measures. The Company s
Tier I leverage ratio of 11.6%, as well as our other regulatory capital ratios, remain significantly above the  well capitalized 
levels (see Table 12 in the Capital section of this Item). 

Total assets were $8.227 billion at September 30, 2016, compared to $7.560 billion at
December 31, 2015 and $7.560 billion at September 30, 2015.  Total loans, including loans acquired, were $5.401 billion
at September 30, 2016, compared to $4.919 billion at December 31, 2015 and $4.853 billion at September 30, 2015. We continue
to have good asset quality. 

Effective April 1, 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Simmons First National Bank converted
from a national banking association to an Arkansas state-chartered bank. The bank s name changed to Simmons Bank. Simmons
Bank is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. The charter conversion was a
strategic undertaking that we believe will enhance our operations in the long term. 

Simmons First National Corporation is a financial holding company, headquartered in Pine
Bluff, Ark., with total assets of $8.2 billion conducting financial operations throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Tennessee. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Overview  

We follow accounting and reporting policies that conform, in all material respects, to
generally accepted accounting principles and to general practices within the financial services industry.  The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.  While we base estimates on historical
experience, current information and other factors deemed to be relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We consider accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i)
the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain and (ii) different
estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting
estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial statements. 

The accounting policies that we view as critical to us are those relating to estimates
and judgments regarding (a) the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, (b) acquisition accounting, (c)
the valuation of goodwill and the useful lives applied to intangible assets, (d) the valuation of employee benefit plans and (e)
income taxes. 

Allowance for Loan Losses on Loans Not Acquired  

The allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of probable losses in the
loan portfolio. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is
confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is calculated monthly based on management s assessment
of several factors such as (1) historical loss experience based on volumes and types, (2) volume and trends in delinquencies
and nonaccruals, (3) lending policies and procedures including those for loan losses, collections and recoveries, (4) national,
state and local economic trends and conditions, (5) external factors and pressure from competition, (6) the experience, ability
and depth of lending management and staff, (7) seasoning of new products obtained and new markets entered through acquisition
and (8) other factors and trends that will affect specific loans and categories of loans. We establish general allocations for
each major loan category. This category also includes allocations to loans which are collectively evaluated for loss such as credit
cards, one-to-four family owner occupied residential real estate loans and other consumer loans. General reserves have been established,
based upon the aforementioned factors and allocated to the individual loan categories. Allowances are accrued for probable losses
on specific loans evaluated for impairment for which the basis of each loan, including accrued interest, exceeds the discounted
amount of expected future collections of interest and principal or, alternatively, the fair value of loan collateral. 

Our evaluation of the allowance for loan losses is inherently subjective as it requires
material estimates. The actual amounts of loan losses realized in the near term could differ from the amounts estimated in arriving
at the allowance for loan losses reported in the financial statements. 

Acquisition Accounting, Acquired Loans  

We account for our acquisitions under ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations , which
requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting. All identifiable assets acquired, including loans, are recorded at fair
value. No allowance for loan losses related to the acquired loans is recorded on the acquisition date as the fair value of the
loans acquired incorporates assumptions regarding credit risk. Loans acquired are recorded at fair value in accordance with the
fair value methodology prescribed in ASC Topic 820. The fair value estimates associated with the loans include estimates related
to expected prepayments and the amount and timing of undiscounted expected principal, interest and other cash flows. 

We evaluate loans acquired in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-20,  Nonrefundable
Fees and Other Costs . The fair value discount on these loans is accreted into interest income over the weighted average life
of the loans using a constant yield method. These loans are not considered to be impaired loans. We evaluate purchased impaired
loans accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality .
Purchased loans are considered impaired if there is evidence of credit deterioration since origination and if it is probable that
not all contractually required payments will be collected. All loans acquired, whether or not previously covered by FDIC loss share
agreements, are considered impaired if there is evidence of credit deterioration since origination and if it is probable that not
all contractually required payments will be collected. 

For impaired loans accounted for under ASC Topic 310-30, we continue to estimate cash
flows expected to be collected on purchased credit impaired loans. We evaluate at each balance sheet date whether the present value
of our purchased credit impaired loans determined using the effective interest rates has decreased significantly and if so, recognize
a provision for loan loss in our consolidated statement of income.  For any significant increases in cash flows expected
to be collected, we adjust the amount of accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the remaining life of the purchased
credit impaired loans. 

Covered Loans and Related Indemnification Asset  

In September 2015, the Bank entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate all
of its remaining loss-sharing agreements. As a result, all FDIC-acquired assets are now classified as non-covered. All acquired
loans are recorded at their discounted net present value; therefore, they are excluded from the computations of the asset quality
ratios for the legacy loan portfolio, except for their inclusion in total assets. Under the early termination, all rights and obligations
of the Bank and the FDIC under the FDIC loss share agreements, including the clawback provisions and the settlement of loss share
and expense reimbursement claims, have been resolved and terminated. 

Prior to the termination of the loss share agreements, deterioration in the credit quality
of the loans (immediately recorded as an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses) would immediately increase the basis of the
shared-loss agreements, with the offset recorded through the consolidated statement of income. Increases in the credit quality
or cash flows of loans (reflected as an adjustment to yield and accreted into income over the remaining life of the loans) decrease
the basis of the shared-loss agreements, with such decrease being accreted into income over 1) the same period or 2) the life of
the shared-loss agreements, whichever is shorter. Loss assumptions used in the basis of the indemnified loans are consistent with
the loss assumptions used to measure the indemnification asset. Fair value accounting incorporates into the fair value of the indemnification
asset an element of the time value of money, which was accreted back into income over the life of the shared-loss agreements. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the
net assets acquired.  Other intangible assets represent purchased assets that also lack physical substance but can be
separately distinguished from goodwill because of contractual or other legal rights or because the asset is capable of being sold
or exchanged either on its own or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability.  We perform an annual goodwill
impairment test, and more than annually if circumstances warrant, in accordance with ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles   Goodwill
and Other , as amended by ASU 2011-08    Testing Goodwill for Impairment .  ASC Topic 350 requires that
goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives be reviewed for impairment annually, or more frequently if certain conditions
occur.  Impairment losses, if any, will be recorded as operating expenses. 

Employee Benefit Plans  

We have adopted various stock-based compensation plans.  The plans provide
for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted
stock units and performance stock units. Pursuant to the plans, shares are reserved for future issuance by the Company upon exercise
of stock options or satisfaction of the conditions in the awards of the restricted or performance stock to directors, officers
and other key employees. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , the
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses various
assumptions.  This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially affect
the fair value estimate.  For additional information, see Note 14, Stock Based Compensation, in the accompanying Condensed
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 

Income Taxes  

We are subject to the federal income tax laws of the United States,
and the tax laws of the states and other jurisdictions where we conduct business.  Due to the complexity of these laws,
taxpayers and the taxing authorities may subject these laws to different interpretations.  Management must make conclusions
and estimates about the application of these innately intricate laws, related regulations, and case law.  When preparing
the Company s income tax returns, management attempts to make reasonable interpretations of the tax laws. Taxing authorities
have the ability to challenge management s analysis of the tax law or any reinterpretation management makes in its ongoing
assessment of facts and the developing case law.  Management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate quarterly
based on its current estimate of net income and the applicable taxes expected for the full year.  On a quarterly basis,
management also reviews circumstances and developments in tax law affecting the reasonableness of deferred tax assets and liabilities
and reserves for contingent tax liabilities. 

NET INTEREST INCOME   

Overview  

Net interest income, our principal source of earnings, is the difference between the
interest income generated by earning assets and the total interest cost of the deposits and borrowings obtained to fund those assets.  Factors
that determine the level of net interest income include the volume of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, yields earned
and rates paid, the level of non-performing loans and the amount of non-interest bearing liabilities supporting earning assets.  Net
interest income is analyzed in the discussion and tables below on a fully taxable equivalent basis.  The adjustment to
convert certain income to a fully taxable equivalent basis consists of dividing tax-exempt income by one minus the combined federal
and state income tax rate of 39.225%. 

Our practice is to limit exposure to interest rate movements by maintaining a significant
portion of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in short-term repricing.  Historically, approximately 70% of
our loan portfolio and approximately 80% of our time deposits have repriced in one year or less.  These historical percentages
are consistent with our current interest rate sensitivity. 

Net Interest Income Quarter-to-Date Analysis  

For the three month period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable
equivalent basis was $70.2 million, a decrease of $10.6 million, or 13.1%, over the same period in 2015.  The decrease
in net interest income was the result of an $11.8 million decrease in interest income and a $1.2 million decrease in interest
expense. 

The decrease in interest income primarily resulted from an $11.3 million decrease in
interest income on loans, consisting of legacy loans and acquired loans. The increase in loan volume during 2016 generated $4.1
million of additional interest income, while a 120 basis point decline in yield resulted in a $15.4 million decrease in interest
income. The interest income increase from loan volume was primarily due to our legacy loan growth from the same period last year. 

Included in interest income is the effect of yield accretion recognized as a result of
updated estimates of the cash flows of our acquired loans, as discussed in Note 5, Loans Acquired, in the accompanying Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.  Each quarter, we estimate the cash flows expected
to be collected from the acquired loans, and adjustments may or may not be required.  The cash flow estimate may increase
or decrease based on payment histories and loss expectations of the loans.  The resulting adjustment to interest income
is spread on a level-yield basis over the remaining expected lives of the loans.  For loans previously covered by FDIC
loss sharing agreements, any increases in expected cash flows also reduced the amount of expected reimbursements under the loss
sharing agreements, which were recorded as indemnification assets.  The estimated adjustments to the indemnification
assets were amortized on a level-yield basis over the remainder of the loss sharing agreements or the remaining expected life of
the loans, whichever was shorter, and were recorded in non-interest expense. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, interest income was less by $9.6 million
and non-interest income was greater by $2.0 million, compared to the same period in 2015, due to the adjustments discussed above.
The net effect lowered 2016 third quarter pre-tax income by $7.6 million from 2015. The accretable yield adjustments recorded in
future periods will change as we continue to evaluate expected cash flows from the acquired loans. With the termination of the
loss sharing agreements in 2015, there will be no future adjustments to non-interest income. 

The $1.2 million decrease in interest expense is primarily from a 146 basis point decline
in the cost of our other borrowings. 

Net Interest Income Year-to-Date Analysis  

For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income on a fully taxable
equivalent basis was $211.2 million, an increase of $72,000 over the same period in 2015.  The change in net interest
income was the result of a $646,000 decrease in interest income and a $718,000 decrease in interest expense. 

The decrease in interest income primarily resulted from a $3.0 million decrease in interest
income on loans and a $2.5 million increase in interest income on investment securities. The increase in loan volume during 2016
generated $29.5 million of additional interest income, while a 95 basis point decline in yield resulted in a $32.5 million
decrease in interest income. The increase in loan volume was primarily due to our legacy loan growth during 2016. $1.8 million
of the increase in interest income on investment securities was due to volume increases while $735,000 was a result of an increase
in yield on the security portfolio. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the acquired loan cash flow adjustments
resulted in a decrease to interest income by $17.8 million and non-interest income was greater by $7.7 million compared to the
same period in 2015. The net increase to year-to-date 2016 pre-tax income was $10.1 million compared with 2015. 

The $718,000 decrease in interest expense is primarily from a 60 basis point decline
in the cost of our other borrowings. 

Net Interest Margin  

Our net interest margin decreased 73 basis points to 4.09% for the three month period
ended September 30, 2016, when compared to 4.82% for the same period in 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016,
net interest margin decreased 36 basis points to 4.22% when compared to 4.58% for the same period in 2015.  The most
significant factor in the decreasing margin during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 is the impact of the lower
accretable yield adjustments previously discussed. Normalized for all accretion on acquired loans, our core net interest margin
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 3.87% and 3.82%, respectively. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures and Table 16  
Reconciliation of Core Net Interest Margin (non-GAAP) for additional discussion of non-GAAP measures. 

Net Interest Income Tables  

Tables 1 and 2 reflect an analysis of net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent
basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as well as changes in fully taxable equivalent
net interest margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, versus September 30, 2015. 

Table 1:  Analysis of Net Interest Margin  

Table 2:  Changes in Fully Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Margin  

Table 3 shows, for each major category of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities,
the average (computed on a daily basis) amount outstanding, the interest earned or expensed on such amount and the average rate
earned or expensed for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The table also shows the average rate earned
on all earning assets, the average rate expensed on all interest bearing liabilities, the net interest spread and the net interest
margin for the same periods.  The analysis is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis.  Nonaccrual loans
were included in average loans for the purpose of calculating the rate earned on total loans. 

Table 3:  Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Income Analysis  

Table 4 shows changes in interest income and interest expense resulting from changes
in volume and changes in interest rates for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same
periods of the prior year.  The changes in interest rate and volume have been allocated to changes in average volume
and changes in average rates in proportion to the relationship of absolute dollar amounts of the changes in rates and volume. 

Table 4:  Volume/Rate Analysis  

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES   

The provision for loan losses represents management's determination of the amount necessary
to be charged against the current period's earnings in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level considered appropriate
in relation to the estimated risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of provision to the allowance is based on management's
judgment, with consideration given to the composition, maturity and other qualitative characteristics of the portfolio, historical
loan loss experience, assessment of current economic conditions, past due and non-performing loans and net loan loss experience.
It is management's practice to review the allowance on a monthly basis, and, after considering the factors previously noted, to
determine the level of provision made to the allowance. 

The provision for loan losses for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, was
$8.3 million, compared to $1.6 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $6.7 million. The provision
for loan losses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, was $15.7 million, compared to $5.8 million for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $9.9 million. See Allowance for Loan Losses section for additional information. 

The provision increase resulted from several reasons. Our increased organic legacy loan
growth rate required additional allowance. Significant loan growth in our Missouri and Tennessee markets, both from new loans and
from acquired loans migrating to legacy, required an allowance to be established for those loans through a provision. 

Our provision expense for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 included replenishment
of a $5.4 million single charge-off related to a nonaccrual loan acquired from Metropolitan National Bank. The loan was charged
down to the appraised liquidation value of the collateral and the charged-off amount was added back to the allowance for loan losses
during the quarter, resulting in the increase in provision. The provision expense for the nine month period ended September 30,
2016 also included replenishment of a $2 million charge-off related to potential customer fraud on an agricultural loan, which
carried a pass rating and for which recovery is unknown. 

Finally, a $215,000 provision was recorded on acquired loans during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 while $522,000 was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a shortage
in our credit mark on certain purchased credit impaired loans. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME   

Total non-interest income was $36.9 million for the three month period ended September
30, 2016, an increase of $13.8 million, or 59.8%, compared to $23.1 million for the same period in 2015. Total non-interest
income was $103.3 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $37.3 million, or 56.4%, compared
to $66.0 million for the same period in 2015. The increase in non-interest income was partially due to gains recorded on the sale
of securities that totaled $4.4 million as part of our bond portfolio rebalancing strategy. We are actively looking to reduce
the number of issuances we hold in our portfolio and monitoring the market conditions for opportunities to sell securities and
replace with comparable yields while only marginally extending the duration of the portfolio. 

There was a $14.8 million increase in non-interest income from the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 to the same period of 2015 due to the elimination of the amortization of the indemnification asset expected
to be collected from the FDIC covered loan portfolios.   Excluding the indemnification asset amortization adjustments,
non-interest income increased $22.5 million, or 27.8%. 

Non-interest income is principally derived from recurring fee income, which includes
service charges, trust fees and credit card fees.  Non-interest income also includes income on the sale of mortgage loans,
investment banking income, income from the increase in cash surrender values of bank owned life insurance and gains (losses) from
sales of securities. The remaining increase in non-interest income was due to additional mortgage lending, trust income and investment
banking revenue. 

Table 5 shows non-interest income for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as well as changes in 2016 from 2015. 

Table 5:  Non-Interest Income  

Recurring fee income (service charges, trust fees and credit card fees) for the three
month period ended September 30, 2016, was $22.3 million, an increase of $2.1 million from the three month period ended September
30, 2015.  Trust income increased by $1.7 million or 74.85%, and debit and credit card fees increased by $946,000, or 13.75%.
These increases were partially offset by a decrease in other service charges and fees of $832,000. The increase in trust income
is related to the acquisition of Ozark Trust during the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Mortgage lending income increased by $2.3 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to last year, due primarily to additional lenders and an increasingly active residential real estate market.
Included in non-interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was a $2.1 million gain on the sale of our Salina
banking operations. 

Net loss on assets covered by FDIC loss share agreements decreased by $9.1 million and
$14.8 million during the three and nine month period ending September 30, 2016, respectively, due to the termination of the FDIC
loss share agreements and the related indemnification asset. 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE   

Non-interest expense consists of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, equipment,
foreclosure losses and other expenses necessary for the operation of the Company.  Management remains committed to controlling
the level of non-interest expense, through the continued use of expense control measures that have been installed.  We
utilize an extensive profit planning and reporting system involving all subsidiaries.  Based on a needs assessment of
the business plan for the upcoming year, monthly and annual profit plans are developed, including manpower and capital expenditure
budgets.  These profit plans are subject to extensive initial reviews and monitored by management on a monthly basis. Variances
from the plan are reviewed monthly and, when required, management takes corrective action intended to ensure financial goals are
met. We also regularly monitor staffing levels at each subsidiary to ensure productivity and overhead are in line with existing
workload requirements. 

Non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $62.4 million,
a decrease of $5.1 million, or 7.50%, from the same period in 2015. The most significant impact to non-interest expense were the
following nonrecurring items. 

We saw a $667,000 increase in merger related costs from last year. We had $1.5 million
of merger related costs in the third quarter of 2016 compared to only $857,000 in the third quarter of 2015. The merger related
costs in the current year were from our acquisition of Citizens and in the prior year were from our acquisitions of Liberty, Community
First and Ozark Trust. This increase was offset by a decrease in branch right sizing expense for the second quarter of 2016 to
$218,000 from $458,000 for the second quarter of 2015. 

Normalizing for the nonrecurring merger related costs and branch right sizing expenses,
non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $5.5 million, or 8.29 %, from the same period in 2015. 

Non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $188.4 million,
a decrease of $806,000, or 0.43%, from the same period in 2015. The most significant impact to non-interest expense were the following
nonrecurring items. 

First, we saw a $10.5 million decrease in merger related costs from last year. Included
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million in merger related costs, primarily from our acquisition of Citizens.
In the same period of 2015 we recorded $12.5 million of merger related costs associated with our Liberty, Community First and Ozark
Trust acquisitions. 

Second, branch right sizing expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
by $214,000 from the same period in 2015. We had $3.5 million of branch right sizing expense in 2016 from our ten branch closings.
For the same period in 2015, we had expenses of $3.2 million associated with the closure and maintenance of twelve branches. We
continue to monitor branch operations and profitability as well as changing customer habits. 

Normalizing for the nonrecurring merger related costs and branch right sizing, non-interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $9.5 million, or 5.49%, from the same period in 2015, primarily
due to the incremental operating expenses of the acquired franchises. 

Salaries and employee benefits decreased by $5.2 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 as we continue to recognize the benefits from our ongoing efficiency
initiatives and cost saves related to the integration of our 2015 acquisitions. Salaries and employee benefits increased by
$940,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the Community First and Liberty mergers during 2015.
Occupancy expense decreased by $122,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and increased $711,000 for the nine
months period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015, while furniture and equipment expense
increased by $70,000 and $1.7 million from the same periods in 2015. 

The incremental increases in several other operating expense categories during the periods
were a result of the 2015 acquisitions. Professional services increased by $1.2 million and $3.4 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from the same period in 2015 related to exam fees, auditing and accounting services and general
consulting expenses. 

Table 6 below shows non-interest expense for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as well as changes in 2016 from 2015. 

Table 6:  Non-Interest Expense  

LOAN PORTFOLIO   

Our legacy loan portfolio, excluding loans acquired, averaged $3.515 billion and $2.391
billion during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016, total loans, excluding
loans acquired, were $3.943 billion, an increase of $696.6 million from December 31, 2015.  The most significant
components of the loan portfolio were loans to businesses (commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and agricultural loans)
and individuals (consumer loans, credit card loans and single-family residential real estate loans). The growth in the legacy portfolio
is primarily attributable to the larger market areas in which we now operate as a result of our acquisitions. In addition, we have
actively recruited and hired new lenders in our growth markets in an effort to continue growing our loan portfolio. 

Also contributing to our legacy loan growth are acquired loans that have migrated to
legacy loans. When we make a credit decision on an acquired loan as a result of the loan maturing or renewing, the outstanding
balance of that loan migrates from loans acquired to legacy loans. Our legacy loan growth from December 31, 2015 to September 30,
2016 included $206.4 million in balances that migrated from acquired loans during the period. These migrated loan balances
are included in the legacy loan balances as of September 30, 2016. 

We seek to manage our credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio, determining that
borrowers have adequate sources of cash flow for loan repayment without liquidation of collateral, obtaining and monitoring collateral,
providing an appropriate allowance for loan losses and regularly reviewing loans through the internal loan review process.  The
loan portfolio is diversified by borrower, purpose and industry and, in the case of credit card loans, which are unsecured, by
geographic region.  We seek to use diversification within the loan portfolio to reduce credit risk, thereby minimizing
the adverse impact on the portfolio, if weaknesses develop in either the economy or a particular segment of borrowers.  Collateral
requirements are based on credit assessments of borrowers and may be used to recover the debt in case of default.  We
use the allowance for loan losses as a method to value the loan portfolio at its estimated collectible amount.  Loans
are regularly reviewed to facilitate the identification and monitoring of deteriorating credits. 

The balances of loans outstanding, excluding loans acquired, at the indicated dates are
reflected in Table 7, according to type of loan. 

Table 7:  Loan Portfolio  

Consumer loans consist of credit card loans and other consumer loans.  Consumer
loans were $451.0 million at September 30, 2016, or 11.4% of total loans, compared to $385.7 million, or 11.9% of total loans
at December 31, 2015.  The increase in consumer loans from December 31, 2015, to September 30, 2016, was due to growth
in direct and indirect consumer loans. 

Real estate loans consist of construction loans, single-family residential loans and
commercial real estate loans.  Real estate loans were $2.667 billion at September 30, 2016, or 67.6% of total loans,
compared to the $2.205 billion, or 67.9%, of total loans at December 31, 2015, an increase of $462.2 million. Commercial real estate
loans increased to $1.521 billion, a $292.1 million, or 23.8% growth from December 31, 2015 primarily due to increased opportunities
in our growth markets as a result of our larger scale from the recent acquisitions. 

Commercial loans consist of non-agricultural commercial loans and agricultural
loans.  Commercial loans were $811.3 million at September 30, 2016, or 20.6% of total loans, compared to
$648.7 million, or 20.0% of total loans at December 31, 2015, an increase of
$162.6 million.  Non-agricultural commercial loans increased to $607.7 million, a $107.6 million, or 21.5%,
growth from December 31, 2015. Agricultural loans increased to $203.5 million, a $55.0 million, or 37.0%, increase primarily
due to seasonality of the portfolio, which normally peaks in the third quarter and is at its lowest point at the end of the
first quarter. 

LOANS ACQUIRED   

On September 9, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Citizens and issued 835,741 shares
of the Company s common stock valued at approximately $41.3 million as of September 9, 2016 in exchange for all outstanding
shares of Citizens common stock. Included in the acquisition were loans with a fair value of $340.8 million. 

On February 27, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Liberty and issued 5,181,337 shares
of the Company s common stock valued at approximately $212.2 million as of February 27, 2015 in exchange for all outstanding
shares of Liberty common stock. Included in the acquisition were loans with a fair value of $780.7 million. 

On February 27, 2015, we also completed the acquisition of Community First and issued
6,552,915 shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately $268.3 million as of February 27, 2015, plus $9,974
in cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of Community First common stock. We also issued $30.9 million of preferred stock
in exchange for all outstanding shares of Community First preferred stock. Included in the acquisition were loans with a fair value
of $1.1 billion. 

On August 31, 2014, we completed the acquisition of Delta Trust   Banking Corporation
( Delta Trust ), and issued 1,629,424 shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately $65.0 million
as of August 29, 2014, plus $2.4 million in cash in exchange for all outstanding shares of Delta Trust common stock. Included in
the acquisition were loans with a fair value of $311.7 million. 

On November 25, 2013, we completed the acquisition of Metropolitan National Bank ( Metropolitan ),
in which the Company purchased all the stock of Metropolitan for $53.6 million in cash. The acquisition was conducted in accordance
with the provisions of Section 363 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Included in the acquisition were loans with a fair value
of $457.4 million and foreclosed assets with a fair value of $42.9 million. 

On September 15, 2015, we entered into an agreement with the FDIC to terminate all loss
share agreements. Under the early termination, all rights and obligations of the Company and the FDIC under the FDIC loss share
agreements, including the clawback provisions and the settlement of loss share and expense reimbursement claims, have been resolved
and terminated. As a result, we have reclassified loans previously covered by FDIC loss share to acquired loans not covered and
reclassified foreclosed assets previously covered by FDIC loss share to foreclosed assets not covered. 

Table 8 reflects the carrying value of all acquired loans as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. 

Table 8:  Loans Acquired   

_______________________________________ 

The majority of the loans originally acquired in the Citizens, Liberty, Community First, Metropolitan
and Delta Trust acquisitions were evaluated and are being accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 310-20,  Nonrefundable Fees
and Other Costs . The fair value discount is being accreted into interest income over the weighted average life of the loans
using a constant yield method. These loans are not considered to be impaired loans. 

We evaluated the remaining loans purchased in conjunction with the acquisitions of Citizens,
Liberty, Community First, Metropolitan and Delta Trust for impairment in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans
and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality . Purchased loans are considered impaired if there is evidence
of credit deterioration since origination and if it is probable that not all contractually required payments will be collected.
Because some loans we evaluated, previously covered by loss share agreements, were determined to have experienced impairment in
the estimated credit quality or cash flows during 2014, we recorded a provision to establish a $954,000 allowance for loan losses
for covered purchased impaired loans.  With the termination of our FDIC loss share agreements, the $954,000 allowance
has been reclassified as allowance on acquired loans, not covered by loss share. See Note 2 and Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further discussion of loans acquired. 

ASSET QUALITY   

A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that we will not receive all amounts
due according to the contractual terms of the loans. Impaired loans include non-performing loans (loans past due 90 days or more
and nonaccrual loans) and certain other loans identified by management that are still performing. 

Non-performing loans are comprised of (a) nonaccrual loans, (b) loans that are contractually
past due 90 days and (c) other loans for which terms have been restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal,
because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower. Simmons Bank recognizes income principally on the accrual basis
of accounting. When loans are classified as nonaccrual, generally, the accrued interest is charged off and no further interest
is accrued. Loans, excluding credit card loans, are placed on a nonaccrual basis either: (1) when there are serious doubts regarding
the collectability of principal or interest, or (2) when payment of interest or principal is 90 days or more past due and either
(i) not fully secured or (ii) not in the process of collection. If a loan is determined by management to be uncollectible, the
portion of the loan determined to be uncollectible is then charged to the allowance for loan losses. 

Credit card loans are classified as impaired when payment of interest or principal is
90 days past due. When accounts reach 90 days past due and there are attachable assets, the accounts are considered for litigation.
Credit card loans are generally charged off when payment of interest and principal is 150 days past due. The credit card recovery
group pursues account holders until it is determined, on a case-by-case basis, to be uncollectible. 

Total non-performing assets, excluding all loans acquired, increased by $4.6 million
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016.  Foreclosed assets held for sale decreased by $14.4 million. Nonaccrual
loans increased by $19.7 million during the period, primarily CRE loans. Non-performing assets, including trouble debt restructurings
( TDRs ) and acquired foreclosed assets, as a percent of total assets were 1.00% at September 30, 2016, compared to
0.89% at December 31, 2015. The increase in the non-performing ratio from the fourth quarter is primarily the result of a single
credit totaling $7.1 million and other migrated assets that have deteriorated since acquisition. We feel we are adequately reserved
for the potential exposures related to these credits. There were also several larger non-performing loans that were identified
during the year. The majority of these balances were related to acquired loans that have migrated, residential loans that have
entered loss mitigation, and certain balances remaining outstanding which were related to potential fraudulent activity on an agricultural
loan relationship discussed above. The decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale was the result of the sale of several properties
we acquired through our Metropolitan National Bank and FDIC-assisted transactions. 

From time to time, certain borrowers of all types are experiencing declines in income
and cash flow.  As a result, many borrowers are seeking to reduce contractual cash outlays, the most prominent being
debt payments.  In an effort to preserve our net interest margin and earning assets, we are open to working with existing
customers in order to maximize the collectability of the debt. 

When we restructure a loan to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty and
grant a concession that we would not otherwise consider, a  troubled debt restructuring  results and the Company classifies
the loan as a TDR.  The Company grants various types of concessions, primarily interest rate reduction and/or payment
modifications or extensions, with an occasional forgiveness of principal. 

Under ASC Topic 310-10-35    Subsequent Measurement , a TDR is considered
to be impaired, and an impairment analysis must be performed.  We assess the exposure for each modification, either by
collateral discounting or by calculation of the present value of future cash flows, and determine if a specific allocation to the
allowance for loan losses is needed. 

Once an obligation has been restructured because of such credit problems, it continues
to be considered a TDR until paid in full; or, if an obligation yields a market interest rate and no longer has any concession
regarding payment amount or amortization, then it is not considered a TDR at the beginning of the calendar year after the year
in which the improvement takes place.  Our TDR balance increased to $16.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to
$5.6 million at December 31, 2015.  The majority of our TDRs remain in the CRE portfolio with the largest increase comprised
of two relationships. 

We return TDRs to accrual status only if (1) all contractual amounts due can reasonably
be expected to be repaid within a prudent period, and (2) repayment has been in accordance with the contract for a sustained period,
typically at least six months. 

We continue to maintain good asset quality.  The allowance for loan losses as a percent of total
loans was 0.86% as of September 30, 2016.  Non-performing loans equaled 0.95% of total loans, a 37 basis point increase
from December 31, 2015 but a 22 basis point decrease from June 30, 2016. Non-performing assets were 0.83% of total assets,
a 2 basis point decline during the same period. The allowance for loan losses was 91% of non-performing loans.  Our
annualized net charge-offs to total loans for the first nine months of 2016 was 0.47%. Excluding credit cards, the annualized
net charge-offs to total loans for the same period was 0.44%, a 32 basis point increase from the same period in 2015. This increase
is related to the two larger charge offs during 2016 that were discussed above. Annualized net credit card charge-offs to
total credit card loans were 1.22%, compared to 1.28% during the full year 2015, and more than 190 basis points better than the
most recently published industry average charge-off ratio as reported by the Federal Reserve for all banks. 

Table 9 presents information concerning non-performing assets, including nonaccrual loans
and foreclosed assets held for sale (excluding all loans acquired). 

Table 9:  Non-performing Assets  

__________________________________________ 

(2)  Excludes all loans acquired, except for their inclusion in total assets.   

There was no interest income on nonaccrual loans recorded for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, impaired loans, net of government guarantees and loans acquired,
were $40.5 million compared to $18.2 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in impaired loans is primarily related to
the non-performing loans discussed above. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates the underlying collateral on all impaired
loans and allocates specific reserves, where appropriate, in order to absorb potential losses if the collateral were ultimately
foreclosed. 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES   

Overview  

The allowance for loan losses is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses
charged to expense, which represents management s best estimate of probable losses that have been incurred within the existing
portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent
in the loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for loan loss methodology includes allowance allocations calculated in accordance
with ASC Topic 310-10,  Receivables , and allowance allocations calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 450-20,  Loss Contingencies .
Accordingly, the methodology is based on our internal grading system, specific impairment analysis, qualitative and quantitative
factors. 

As mentioned above, allocations to the allowance for loan losses are categorized as either
specific allocations or general allocations. 

Specific Allocations  

A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that we will not receive all amounts
due according to the contractual terms of the loan, including scheduled principal and interest payments. For a collateral dependent
loan, our evaluation process includes a valuation by appraisal or other collateral analysis. This valuation is compared to the
remaining outstanding principal balance of the loan. If a loss is determined to be probable, the loss is included in the allowance
for loan losses as a specific allocation. If the loan is not collateral dependent, the measurement of loss is based on the difference
between the expected and contractual future cash flows of the loan. 

General Allocations  

The general allocation is calculated monthly based on management s assessment of several factors
such as (1) historical loss experience based on volumes and types, (2) volume and trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals, (3)
lending policies and procedures including those for loan losses, collections and recoveries, (4) national, state and local economic
trends and conditions, (5) external factors and pressure from competition, (6) the experience, ability and depth of lending management
and staff, (7) seasoning of new products obtained and new markets entered through acquisition and (8) other factors and trends
that will affect specific loans and categories of loans. We established general allocations for each major loan category. This
category also includes allocations to loans which are collectively evaluated for loss such as credit cards, one-to-four family
owner occupied residential real estate loans and other consumer loans. 

An analysis of the allowance for loan losses is shown in Table 10. 

Table 10:  Allowance for Loan Losses  

_______________________________________ 

Provision for Loan Losses  

The amount of provision to the allowance during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, and for the year ended December 31, 2015, was based on management's judgment, with consideration given to the
composition of the portfolio, historical loan loss experience, assessment of current economic conditions, past due and non-performing
loans and net loss experience.  It is management's practice to review the allowance on a monthly basis, and after considering
the factors previously noted, to determine the level of provision made to the allowance.    

Allowance for Loan Losses Allocation  

As of September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses reflects an increase of approximately
$2.7 million from December 31, 2015, while total loans, excluding loans acquired, increased by $696.6 million over the same
nine month period.  The allocation in each category within the allowance generally reflects the overall changes in the
loan portfolio mix. 

The following table sets forth the sum of the amounts of the allowance for loan losses
attributable to individual loans within each category, or loan categories in general. The table also reflects the percentage of
loans in each category to the total loan portfolio, excluding loans acquired, for each of the periods indicated. These allowance
amounts have been computed using the Company s internal grading system, specific impairment analysis, qualitative and quantitative
factor allocations. The amounts shown are not necessarily indicative of the actual future losses that may occur within individual
categories. 

Table 11:  Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses  

________________________________ 

(1)  Percentage of loans in each category to total loans, excluding loans acquired.   

DEPOSITS   

Deposits are our primary source of funding for earning assets and are primarily developed
through our network of over 100 financial centers.  We offer a variety of products designed to attract and retain
customers with a continuing focus on developing core deposits.  Our core deposits consist of all deposits excluding time
deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits.  As of September 30, 2016, core deposits comprised 89.8% of our total
deposits.	 

We continually monitor the funding requirements along with competitive interest rates
in the markets we serve.  Because of our community banking philosophy, our executives in the local markets establish
the interest rates offered on both core and non-core deposits.  This approach ensures that the interest rates being paid
are competitively priced for each particular deposit product and structured to meet the funding requirements.  We believe
we are paying a competitive rate when compared with pricing in those markets. 

We manage our interest expense through deposit pricing and do not anticipate a significant
change in total deposits. We believe that additional funds can be attracted and deposit growth can be accelerated through deposit
pricing if we experience increased loan demand or other liquidity needs.  We can also utilize brokered deposits as an
additional source of funding to meet liquidity needs. 

Our total deposits as of September 30, 2016, were $6.617 billion, an increase of $531.3
million from December 31, 2015. The increase is primarily the result of the Citizens acquisition.  We have continued
our strategy to move more volatile time deposits to less expensive, revenue enhancing transaction accounts. Non-interest bearing
transaction accounts, interest bearing transaction accounts and savings accounts totaled $5.289 billion at September 30, 2016,
compared to $4.766 billion at December 31, 2015, a $523.3 million increase. Total time deposits increased $8.0 million to $1.328
billion at September 30, 2016, from $1.320 billion at December 31, 2015. We had $12.1 million and $1.5 million of brokered deposits
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

OTHER BORROWINGS AND SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES   

Our total debt was $275.6 million and $222.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. The outstanding balance for September 30, 2016 includes $120.0 million in FHLB short-term advances, $46.3
million in FHLB long-term advances, $49.0 million in notes payable and $60.3 million of trust preferred securities. The outstanding
balance for December 31, 2015 included $40.0 million in FHLB short-term advances, $70.0 million in FHLB long-term advances,
$52.3 million in notes payable and $60.6 million of trust preferred securities. 

The $49.0 million notes payable is unsecured debt from correspondent banks at a rate
of 3.85% with quarterly principal and interest payments. The debt has a 10 year amortization with a 5 year balloon payment due
in October 2020. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we increased total debt by $52.7 million
from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the $80.0 million increase in FHLB short-term advances partially offset by the maturity
of $22.0 million of FHLB long-term advances. 

CAPITAL   

Overview  

At September 30, 2016, total capital was $1.147 billion.  Capital represents
shareholder ownership in the Company   the book value of assets in excess of liabilities.  At September 30, 2016,
our common equity to assets ratio was 13.9%, up 10 basis points from year-end 2015. 

Capital Stock  

On February 27, 2009, at a special meeting, our shareholders approved an amendment to
the Articles of Incorporation to establish 40,040,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value.  The aggregate
liquidation preference of all shares of preferred stock cannot exceed $80,000,000.   

On February 27, 2015, as part of the acquisition of Community First, the Company issued 30,852 shares
of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A ( Simmons Series A Preferred Stock ) in exchange for the
outstanding shares of Community First Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C ( Community First Series
C Preferred Stock ). The preferred stock was held by the United States Department of the Treasury ( Treasury )
as the Community First Series C Preferred Stock was issued when Community First entered into a Small Business Lending Fund Securities
Purchase Agreement with the Treasury.  The Simmons Series A Preferred Stock qualified as Tier 1 capital and paid quarterly
dividends. On January 29, 2016, the Company redeemed all of the Simmons Series A Preferred Stock, including accrued and unpaid
dividends. 

On March 4, 2014 the Company filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Subsequently, on June 18, 2014 the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to the shelf registration
statement. After becoming effective, the shelf registration statement allows us to raise capital from time to time, up to an aggregate
of $300 million, through the sale of common stock, preferred stock, stock warrants, stock rights or a combination thereof, subject
to market conditions. Specific terms and prices are determined at the time of any offering under a separate prospectus supplement
that we are required to file with the SEC at the time of the specific offering. 

Stock Repurchase  

During 2012, we announced the adoption by the Board of Directors of a new stock repurchase
program. The program authorizes the repurchase of up to 850,000 additional shares of Class A common stock, or approximately 5%
of the shares outstanding at that time. The shares are to be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open
market or unsolicited negotiated transactions, depending upon market conditions. Under the repurchase program, there is no time
limit for the stock repurchases, nor is there a minimum number of shares that the Company intends to repurchase. We intend to use
the repurchased shares to satisfy stock option exercises, payment of future stock awards and dividends and general corporate purposes.
We had no stock repurchases during 2015 or 2016. 

Cash Dividends  

We declared cash dividends on our common stock of $0.72 per share for the first nine
months of 2016 compared to $0.69 per share for the first nine months of 2015, an increase of $0.03, or 4.3%.  The timing
and amount of future dividends are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our consolidated earnings,
financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the amount of cash dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries, applicable
government regulations and policies and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors.  Our Board of Directors
anticipates that we will continue to pay quarterly dividends in amounts determined based on the factors discussed above.  However,
there can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends on our common stock at the current levels or at all. 

Parent Company Liquidity  

The primary liquidity needs of the Parent Company are the payment of dividends to shareholders,
the funding of debt obligations and the share repurchase plan.  The primary sources for meeting these liquidity needs
are the current cash on hand at the parent company and the future dividends received from Simmons Bank.  Payment of
dividends by the subsidiary banks is subject to various regulatory limitations.  See the Liquidity and Market Risk Management
discussions of Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk for additional information regarding
the parent company s liquidity. 

Risk Based Capital  

Our bank subsidiary is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered
by the federal banking agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly
additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements.  Under
capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital guidelines
that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices.  Our capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require us
to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined
in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined).  Management
believes that, as of September 30, 2016, we meet all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. 

As of the most recent notification from regulatory agencies, the subsidiary was well
capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.  To be categorized as well capitalized, the
Company and the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage
ratios as set forth in the table.  There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes
have changed the institutions  categories. 

 Our risk-based capital ratios at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented
in Table 12 below: 

Table 12:  Risk-Based Capital  

Regulatory Capital Changes  

In July 2013, the Company s primary federal regulator, the Federal Reserve, published
final rules (the  Basel III Capital Rules ) establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banks. The
rules implement the Basel Committee s December 2010 framework known as  Basel III  for strengthening international
capital standards. The Basel III Capital Rules substantially revised the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding
companies and depository institutions compared to the then current U.S. risk-based capital rules. 

The Basel III Capital Rules define the components of capital and address other issues
affecting the numerator in banking institutions  regulatory capital ratios. The rules also address risk weights and other
issues affecting the denominator in banking institutions  regulatory capital ratios and replace the existing risk-weighting
approach with a more risk-sensitive approach. 

The Basel III Capital Rules expand the risk-weighting categories from the four Basel
I-derived categories (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%) to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature
of the assets, generally ranging from 0% for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures, and resulting
in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories, including many residential mortgages and certain commercial real estate. 

The final rules include a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio
of 4.5% and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. The rules also raise the minimum
ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0% and require a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%. The Basel III Capital
Rules became effective for the Company and its subsidiary bank on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with all of the final rule s
requirements phased in over a multi-year schedule. 

The Company and Bank must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of CET1 capital
above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016,
at the 0.625% level and will phase in over a four-year period (increasing by that amount on each subsequent January 1 until it
reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019). As of September 30, 2016, the Company and its subsidiary bank met all capital adequacy requirements
under the Basel III Capital Rules, and management believes the Company and subsidiary bank would meet all Capital Rules on a fully
phased-in basis if such requirements were currently effective. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

See the section titled  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  in Note 1, Basis
of Presentation, in the accompanying Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for
details of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on the Company s ongoing financial position
and results of operation. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain statements contained in this quarterly report may not be based on historical
facts and are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These forward-looking statements may be identified
by reference to a future period(s) or by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as  anticipate,   estimate, 
 expect,   foresee,   believe,   may,   might,   will, 
 would,   could  or  intend,  future or conditional verb tenses, and variations or negatives
of such terms.  These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those relating to the Company s future
growth, revenue, assets, asset quality, profitability and customer service, critical accounting policies, net interest margin,
non-interest revenue, market conditions related to the Company s stock repurchase program, allowance for loan losses, the
effect of certain new accounting standards on the Company s financial statements, income tax deductions, credit quality,
the level of credit losses from lending commitments, net interest revenue, interest rate sensitivity, loan loss experience, liquidity,
capital resources, market risk, earnings, effect of pending litigation, acquisition strategy, efficiency initiatives, legal and
regulatory limitations and compliance and competition. 

These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and may not be realized
due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the effects of future economic conditions, governmental monetary and
fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes; the risks of changes in interest rates and their effects on the
level and composition of deposits, loan demand and the values of loan collateral, securities and interest sensitive assets and
liabilities; the costs of evaluating possible acquisitions and the risks inherent in integrating acquisitions; the effects of competition
from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms,
insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other financial institutions operating in our market area and elsewhere,
including institutions operating regionally, nationally and internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products
and services by mail, telephone, computer and the Internet; the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves
for possible loan losses; and those factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk-Factors of this report and other cautionary statements
set forth elsewhere in this report.   Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control.  In
addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied upon as an indication of
future performance. 

We believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
based on information available to us on the date hereof.  However, given the described uncertainties and risks, we cannot
guarantee our future performance or results of operations and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  We
undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, and all written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by
this section. 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES   

The tables below present computations of core earnings
(net income excluding nonrecurring items { g ain from early retirement of trust preferred securities,
gain on sale of banking operations, loss on FDIC loss share termination, merger related costs and branch right sizing expenses})
and diluted core earnings per share (non-GAAP) as well as a reconciliation of tangible book value per share (non-GAAP), tangible
common equity to tangible equity (non-GAAP) and the core net interest margin (non-GAAP). Nonrecurring items are included in financial
results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ).  

The Company believes the exclusion of these nonrecurring items in expressing earnings
and certain other financial measures, including  core earnings , provides a meaningful base for period-to-period and
company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will assist investors and analysts in analyzing the core financial measures
of the Company and predicting future performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by management to assess the performance
of the Company s business, because management does not consider these nonrecurring items to be relevant to ongoing financial
performance.  Management and the Board of Directors utilize  core earnings  (non-GAAP) for the following
purposes: 

Preparation of the Company s operating
budgets 

        Monthly financial performance reporting 

        Monthly  flash  reporting of consolidated
results (management only) 

        Investor presentations of Company performance 

The Company believes the presentation of  core earnings  on a diluted per
share basis,  diluted core earnings per share  and core net interest margin (non-GAAP), provides a meaningful base
for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will assist investors and analysts in analyzing
the core financial measures of the Company and predicting future performance.  These non-GAAP financial measures are
also used by management to assess the performance of the Company s business, because management does not consider these nonrecurring
items to be relevant to ongoing financial performance on a per share basis.  Management and the Board of Directors utilize
 diluted core earnings per share  (non-GAAP) for the following purposes: 

Calculation of annual performance-based incentives
for certain executives 

        Calculation of long-term performance-based
incentives for certain executives 

        Investor presentations of Company performance 

The Company believes that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures will permit investors
and analysts to assess the performance of the Company on the same basis as that applied by management and the Board of Directors. 

Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly
applied and are not audited.  To mitigate these limitations, the Company has procedures in place to identify and approve
each item that qualifies as nonrecurring to ensure that the Company s  core  results are properly reflected for
period-to-period comparisons.  Although these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by stakeholders in the
evaluation of a Company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute
for analyses of results as reported under GAAP.  In particular, a measure of earnings that excludes nonrecurring items
does not represent the amount that effectively accrues directly to stockholders (i.e., nonrecurring items are included in earnings
and stockholders  equity). 

See Table 13 below for the reconciliation of core earnings, which exclude nonrecurring
items for the periods presented. 

Table 13:  Reconciliation of Core Earnings (non-GAAP)  

__________________________________ 

(1)  Effective tax rate of 39.225%, adjusted for non-deductible merger related costs.   

See Table 14 below for the reconciliation of tangible book value per share. 

Table 14: Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value per Share (non-GAAP)  

See Table 15 below for the calculation of tangible common equity and the reconciliation
of tangible common equity to tangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Table 15:  Reconciliation of Tangible Common Equity and the Ratio of Tangible
Common Equity to Tangible Assets (non-GAAP)  

See Table 16 below for the calculation of core net interest margin for the periods presented. 

Table 16:  Reconciliation of Core Net Interest Margin (non-GAAP)  

Item 3.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  

Parent Company  

The Company has leveraged its investment in subsidiary banks and depends upon the dividends
paid to it, as the sole shareholder of the subsidiary banks, as a principal source of funds for dividends to shareholders, stock
repurchase and debt service requirements.  At September 30, 2016, undivided profits of the Company's subsidiary banks
was approximately $237.8 million, of which approximately $2.7 million was available for the payment of dividends to the
Company without regulatory approval.  In addition to dividends, other sources of liquidity for the Company are the sale
of equity securities and the borrowing of funds. 

Subsidiary Banks  

Generally speaking, our subsidiary banks rely upon net inflows of cash from financing
activities, supplemented by net inflows of cash from operating activities, to provide cash used in investing activities.  Typical
of most banking companies, significant financing activities include: deposit gathering; use of short-term borrowing facilities,
such as federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements; and the issuance of long-term debt.  The Bank s primary
investing activities include loan originations and purchases of investment securities, offset by loan payoffs and investment maturities. 

Liquidity represents an institution's ability to provide funds to satisfy demands from
depositors and borrowers, by either converting assets into cash or accessing new or existing sources of incremental funds.  A
major responsibility of management is to maximize net interest income within prudent liquidity constraints.  Internal
corporate guidelines have been established to constantly measure liquid assets, as well as relevant ratios concerning earning asset
levels and purchased funds.  The management and board of directors of the subsidiary bank monitor these same indicators
and makes adjustments as needed. 

Liquidity Management  

The objective of our liquidity management is to access adequate sources of funding to
ensure that cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers are met in an orderly and timely manner.  Sources of liquidity
are managed so that reliance on any one funding source is kept to a minimum.  Our liquidity sources are prioritized for
both availability and time to activation. 

Our liquidity is a primary consideration in determining funding needs and is an integral
part of asset/liability management. Pricing of the liability side is a major component of interest margin and spread management.  Adequate
liquidity is a necessity in addressing this critical task.  There are five primary and secondary sources of liquidity
available to the Company.  The particular liquidity need and timeframe determine the use of these sources. 

The first source of liquidity available to the Company is Federal funds.  Federal
funds, primarily from downstream correspondent banks, are available on a daily basis and are used to meet the normal fluctuations
of a dynamic balance sheet.  In addition, the Company and our subsidiary bank have approximately $285 million in Federal
funds lines of credit from upstream correspondent banks that can be accessed, when needed.  Historical monitoring of
these funds has made it possible for us to project seasonal fluctuations and structure our funding requirements on a month-to-month
basis. 

A second source of liquidity is the retail deposits available through our subsidiary
banks throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Tennessee. Although this method can be a somewhat more expensive alternative to
supplying liquidity, this source can be used to meet intermediate term liquidity needs. 

Third, Simmons Bank has lines of credits available with the Federal Home Loan Bank.  While
we use portions of those lines to match off longer-term mortgage loans, we also use those lines to meet liquidity needs.  Approximately
$830.2 million of these lines of credit are currently available, if needed. 

Fourth, we use a laddered investment portfolio that ensures there is a steady source
of intermediate term liquidity.  These funds can be used to meet seasonal loan patterns and other intermediate term balance
sheet fluctuations.  Approximately 67% of the investment portfolio is classified as available-for-sale.  We
also use securities held in the securities portfolio to pledge when obtaining public funds. 

Fifth, we have a network of correspondent banks from which we can access debt to meet
liquidity needs. 

Finally, we have the ability to access large deposits from both the public and private
sector to fund short-term liquidity needs. 

We believe the various sources available are ample liquidity for short-term, intermediate-term
and long-term liquidity. 

Market Risk Management  

Market risk arises from changes in interest rates.  We have risk management
policies to monitor and limit exposure to market risk.  In asset and liability management activities, policies designed
to minimize structural interest rate risk are in place.  The measurement of market risk associated with financial instruments
is meaningful only when all related and offsetting on- and off-balance-sheet transactions are aggregated, and the resulting net
positions are identified. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity  

Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of interest rate changes on net income
and capital resulting from mismatches in repricing opportunities of assets and liabilities over a period of time. A number of tools
are used to monitor and manage interest rate risk, including simulation models and interest sensitivity gap analysis. Management
uses simulation models to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and various balance sheet strategies on the level of
the Company s net income and capital. As a means of limiting interest rate risk to an acceptable level, management may alter
the mix of floating and fixed-rate assets and liabilities, change pricing schedules and manage investment maturities during future
security purchases. 

The simulation model incorporates management s assumptions regarding the level
of interest rates or balance changes for indeterminate maturity deposits for a given level of market rate changes. These assumptions
have been developed through anticipated pricing behavior. Key assumptions in the simulation models include the relative timing
of prepayments, cash flows and maturities. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely
estimate net interest income or precisely predict the impact of a change in interest rates on net income or capital. Actual results
will differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes and changes in market conditions
and management strategies, among other factors. 

As of September 30, 2016, the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point
increases in interest rates would result in a positive variance in net interest income of 0.81% and 1.19%, respectively, relative
to the base case over the next 12 months, while decreases in interest rates of 100 basis points would result in a negative variance
in net interest income of -2.84% relative to the base case over the next 12 months. The likelihood of a decrease in interest rates
in excess of 50 basis points as of September 30, 2016 is considered remote given current interest rate levels and the December
2015 rate increase by the Federal Reserve. These are good faith estimates and assume that the composition of our interest sensitive
assets and liabilities existing at each year-end will remain constant over the relevant twelve month measurement period and that
changes in market interest rates are instantaneous and sustained across the yield curve regardless of duration of pricing characteristics
of specific assets or liabilities. Also, this analysis does not contemplate any actions that we might undertake in response to
changes in market interest rates. We believe these estimates are not necessarily indicative of what actually could occur in the
event of immediate interest rate increases or decreases of this magnitude. As interest-bearing assets and liabilities reprice in
different time frames and proportions to market interest rate movements, various assumptions must be made based on historical relationships
of these variables in reaching any conclusion. Since these correlations are based on competitive and market conditions, we anticipate
that our future results will likely be different from the foregoing estimates, and such differences could be material. 

The table below presents our sensitivity to net interest income at September 30, 2016:   

Table 17: 	 Net Interest Income Sensitivity  

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's current disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the period. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II:      Other Information  

Item 1A.      Risk Factors  

Management is not aware of any material changes to the risk factors discussed in Part
1, Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  In addition to the other information set forth in
this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A of our Form 10-K, which could materially
and adversely affect the Company s business, ongoing financial condition and results of operations.  The risks
described are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to management or that
management currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, ongoing financial condition or results of
operations. 

Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  The Company made no purchases of
its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 6.      Exhibits  

Exhibit No.        Description  

2.1  Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2010, among Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, Receiver of Southwest
Community Bank, Springfield, Missouri, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Simmons First National Bank (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, as amended, for May 19, 2010 (File No.
000-06253)).   

2.2  Purchase and Assumption Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2010, among Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, Receiver of Security
Savings Bank F.S.B., Olathe, Kansas, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Simmons First National Bank (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, as amended, for October 21, 2010 (File
No. 000-06253)).   

2.3  Purchase and Assumption Agreement Whole Bank All Deposits, among Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, Receiver of Truman
Bank, St. Louis, Missouri, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Simmons First National Bank, Pine Bluff, Arkansas, dated
as of September 14, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report
on Form 8-K, as amended, for September 20, 2012 (File No. 000-06253)).   

2.4  Loan Sale Agreement, by and between Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as Receiver for Truman Bank, St. Louis, Missouri,
and Simmons First National Bank, Pine Bluff, Arkansas, dated as of September 14, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2
to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, as amended, for September 20, 2012 (File No. 000-06253)).   

2.5  Purchase and Assumption Agreement Whole Bank All Deposits, among Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, Receiver of Excel Bank,
Sedalia, Missouri, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Simmons First National Bank, Pine Bluff, Arkansas, dated as of October
19, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K, as
amended, for October 25, 2012 (File No. 000-06253)).   

2.7  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 24, 2014, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Delta Trust
  Banking Corporation(incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed by Simmons First National
Corporation on July 23, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)).   

2.8  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 6, 2014, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Community First
Bancshares, Inc., as amended on September 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
filed by Simmons First National Corporation on October 8, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)).   

3.1  Restated Articles of Incorporation of Simmons First National Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Simmons
First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2009 (File No. 000-06253)).   

3.3  Certificate of Designation of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A of Simmons First National Corporation,
dated February 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on
Form 8-K on October 8, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.1  Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and each of J. Thomas May, Barry L. Crow and Bob Fehlman as administrative trustees, with
respect to Simmons First Capital Trust II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.2  Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as guarantee
trustee, with respect to Simmons First Capital Trust II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.3  Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee, with respect to the junior subordinated note held by Simmons First Capital Trust II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.4  Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and each of J. Thomas May, Barry L. Crow and Bob Fehlman as administrative trustees, with
respect to Simmons First Capital Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.5  Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as guarantee
trustee, with respect to Simmons First Capital Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.6  Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee, with respect to the junior subordinated note held by Simmons First Capital Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.6 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.7  Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware and each of J. Thomas May, Barry L. Crow and Bob Fehlman as administrative trustees, with
respect to Simmons First Capital Trust IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.8  Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2003, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as guarantee
trustee, with respect to Simmons First Capital Trust IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Simmons First National Corporation s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

4.9  Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2003, among the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee, with respect to the junior subordinated note held by Simmons First Capital Trust IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.9 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)).   

12.1  Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividend.*   

31.2  Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification   Robert A. Fehlman, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer.*   

32.2  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sections 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
Robert A. Fehlman, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.*   

32.3  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sections 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
David W. Garner, Executive Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.*   

101.INS        XBRL Instance Document.** 

101.SCH        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.** 

101.CAL        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase.** 

101.DEF        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
Linkbase.** 

101.LAB        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase.** 

101.PRE        XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase.** 

 _____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

 * Filed herewith 

** Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not
filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability
under those sections. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION   

 (Registrant) 

Date:  November 8, 2016                      
       /s/ George A. Makris, Jr.                  	   

George A. Makris, Jr.   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 8, 2016                      
       /s/ Robert A. Fehlman                      	   

Robert A. Fehlman   

Senior Executive Vice President,   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

Date:  November 8, 2016                      
       /s/ David W. Garner                     	 	   

David W. Garner   

Executive Vice President, Controller   

and Chief Accounting Officer   

87 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exh_32.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

Exhibit 3.2  

BY-LAWS  

  OF  

  SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION  

ARTICLE I. OFFICES  

The principal office of the Corporation in the
State of Arkansas shall be located at 501 Main Street in the City of Pine Bluff, County of Jefferson. The Corporation may have
such other offices, either within or without the State of Arkansas, as the Board of Directors (herein,  Board ) may
designate or as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time. 

The registered office of the Corporation required
by The Arkansas Business Corporation Act of 1987, as amended, to be maintained in the State of Arkansas may be, but need not be,
identical with the principal office in the State of Arkansas, and the address of the registered office may be changed from time
to time by the Board. 

ARTICLE II. SHAREHOLDERS  

Section 1.    Annual Meeting.  The
annual meeting of the shareholders, for the purpose of electing directors and such other business as may properly come before the
meeting, shall be held on such date and at such place as the Board shall from time to time determine by resolution adopted at a
regular meeting. If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal holiday in the State of Arkansas, such meeting shall
be held on the next succeeding business day. If the election of directors shall not be held on the day designated for the annual
meeting of the shareholders, or at any adjournment thereof, the Board shall cause the election to be held at a special meeting
of the shareholders as soon thereafter as conveniently may be held. 

Section 2.   Special Meetings.  Special
meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute, may be called by the Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or by the Board, and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President
at the request of the holders of not less than one-tenth of all the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at a
meeting. 

Section 3.   Place of Meeting.  The
Board may designate any place, either within or without the State of Arkansas, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting or
for any special meeting called by the Board. If no designation is made, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of the
Corporation in the State of Arkansas. 

Section 4.   Notice of Meeting. 
Written or printed notice stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes
for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the
meeting, unless one of the purposes of the meeting is to increase the authorized capital stock or bond indebtedness of the Corporation,
in which case the notice shall be delivered not less than sixty (60) nor more than seventy-five (75) days prior to the date of
the meeting, either personally or by mail, at the direction of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
or the Secretary, or the officer or persons calling the meeting of each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting.
If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at
the address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. 

Section 5.   Fixing of Record Date.
 For the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment
thereof, or shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any
other proper purpose, the Board of the Corporation may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of shareholders,
such date in any case to be not more than seventy (70) days prior to the date of the meeting or action requiring a determination
of shareholders. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting
of shareholders, or shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is mailed or
the date on which the resolution of the Board declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date
for such action. When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided
in this section, such determination shall apply, in the absence of further Board action, to any adjournment of such meeting to
a date not more than one hundred-twenty (120) days after the date of the original meeting. In the event of any adjournment of a
meeting, the Board may set a new record date for such adjourned meeting and, in all events, shall establish a new record date if
the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred-twenty (120) days after the date of the original meeting. 

Section 6.   Voting Lists.   The
officer or agent having charge of stock transfer books for shares of the Corporation shall make a list of the shareholders who
are entitled to notice of the meeting, or any adjournment thereof, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address and number
of shares held by each shareholder. This list, shall be kept on file at the principal office of the Corporation, commencing not
later than two (2) business days after the mailing of the notice of the meeting, and shall be subject to inspection and, subject
to the provisions of A.C.A. 4-27-1602(c), copying by any shareholder, at the expense of the shareholder, at any time during usual
business hours. Such list shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the
inspection of any shareholder at any time during the meeting. The original stock transfer book shall be prima facie evidence as
to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such lists or transfer books or to vote at any meeting of shareholders. 

Section 7.    Quorum.  A majority
of the votes entitled to be cast, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of the shareholders.
If less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast are represented at a meeting, a majority of the votes so represented may
adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented,
any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. The shareholders present
at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough votes
to leave less than a quorum. 

Section 8.   Proxies.  At all meetings
of shareholders, a shareholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by a duly authorized attorney in fact.
Such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation before or at the time of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after
eleven months from the date of its execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 

Section 9.    Voting of Shares. 
Each outstanding share of Class A common stock shall be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to vote at a meeting of
shareholders. 

Section 10.   Voting of Shares by Certain
Holders.  Shares standing in the name of another corporation may be voted by such officer, agent or proxy as the by-laws of
such corporation may prescribe, or in the absence of such provision, as the Board of such corporation may determine. 

Shares held by an administrator, executor, guardian
or conservator may be voted by the fiduciary either in person or by proxy, without a transfer of such shares into such fiduciary s
name. Shares standing in the name of a trustee may be voted by the trustee, either in person or by proxy, but no trustee shall
be entitled to vote shares held as trustee without a transfer of such shares into the trustee s name. 

Shares standing in the name of a receiver (including
a trustee in bankruptcy) may be voted by such receiver, and shares held by or under the control of a receiver may be voted by such
receiver without the transfer thereof into the receiver s name, if authority to do so is contained in an appropriate order
of the court by which such receiver was appointed. 

A shareholder whose shares are pledged shall
be entitled to vote such shares until the shares have been transferred into the name of the pledgee, and thereafter the pledgee
shall be entitled to vote the shares so transferred. 

Shares of its stock held by its subsidiaries
in a fiduciary capacity may be voted only by a co-fiduciary or by a person or persons designated in the instrument creating the
fiduciary relationship. Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or held by it or its subsidiaries in a fiduciary capacity
shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting, other than as specified above, and unless such shares may be voted
by a co-fiduciary or designated as specified above, shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares
at any given time. 

Section 11.   Election of Directors. 
(a) In an uncontested election, each nominee for director shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast by the shares present
in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 

(b) In a contested election, each nominee for director shall be
elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to
vote thereon. 

(c) If an incumbent director is a nominee in an uncontested election
but is not thereby elected, the director shall immediately tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors, through a process managed by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, shall decide whether to accept such
resignation no later than its next regularly scheduled Board meeting. Absent a compelling reason to do otherwise, the Board of
Directors shall accept the resignation. The Board of Directors  decision and, if the resignation is not accepted, an explanation
thereof shall be disclosed promptly in a current report filed on Form 8-K with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(d) An  uncontested election  means an election in which
the number of nominees for director is less than or equal to the number of directors to be elected. A  contested election 
means an election in which the number of nominees for director is greater than the number of directors to be elected. 

(e) Shareholders shall not be allowed to vote cumulatively for the
election of Directors. 

ARTICLE III. BOARD OF DIRECTORS  

Section 1.   General Powers.  The
business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board. 

Section 2.   Number, Tenure and Qualifications. 
The number of directors with which this Corporation shall commence business shall be one, but the number of directors to be elected
at the annual shareholders  meeting shall be prescribed at said meeting, and shall be not less than five (5) nor more than
twenty-five (25), the exact number within such minimum and maximum limits to be prescribed and determined from time to time by
resolution of the shareholders at any meeting thereof, or by resolution of a majority of the Board. However, between shareholders 
meetings a majority of the Board may increase the number of directors by two (2) more than the number of directors last set by
the shareholders, where such number was fifteen (15) or less, and by four (4) more than the number of directors last set by the
shareholders, where such number was sixteen (16) or more, but in no event shall the number of directors exceed twenty-five (25).
Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders following the date of election and until a successor
shall have been elected and qualified. Directors need not be residents of the State of Arkansas. 

Section 3.   Advisory Directors.  The
Board of this Corporation may elect individuals to serve as Advisory Directors, and they may attend meetings of the Board and may
receive compensation for attendance. The Advisory Directors shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of this Corporation for such
terms as the Board by resolution may establish. The function of such Advisory Directors shall be to advise and consult with the
regular Board with respect to the affairs of the Corporation. Advisory Directors shall not be entitled to vote on matters which
come before the Board or any committee thereof. 

Section 4.   Regular Meetings.  The
regular meetings of the Board shall be held, without notice, on the dates designated by resolution of the Board at the principal
business office. When any regular meeting of the Board falls upon a holiday, the meeting shall be held the next business day unless
the Board shall designate some other day. 

Section 5.   Special Meetings.  Special
meetings of the Board may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President
or any three (3) or more directors. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix any place, either
within or without the State of Arkansas, as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board called by them. 

Section 6.   Notice.  Notice of any
special meeting shall be given, when practicable in light of the circumstances, at least one day previously thereto by written
notice delivered personally, deposited into the United States mail, or sent by telefacsimile, e-mail or electronic process. If
mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United Sates mail, with postage thereon prepaid. If notice
is given by telefacsimile, e-mail or electronic process such notice shall be deemed to be delivered upon transmission. Any director
may waive notice of such meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction
of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose
of any regular meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. 

Section 7.   Quorum and Voting.  A
majority of the number of directors prescribed pursuant to Section 2 of this Article III shall constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business at any meeting of the Board, but if less than such majority is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present
may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. A vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. 

Section 8.   Manner of Meeting.  
Any regular or special meeting may be conducted, in person or through the use of any means of electronic communication by which
all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. If any meeting is held in which some or all
of the directors participate therein through the use of electronic communication such director or directors shall be deemed to
be present in person at the meeting. 

Section 9.   Vacancies.  Any vacancy
occurring in the Board may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors though less than a quorum
of the Board. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of the predecessor in office. Any directorship
to be filled by reason of an increase in the number of directors shall be filled by an election at an annual meeting or at a special
meeting of shareholders called for that purpose, or by the directors at a regular or special meeting as authorized in Article III. 

Section 10.   Compensation.  By resolution
of the Board, the directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board or Board Committee,
and may be paid a retainer plus a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or Board Committee or a stated salary as
director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation
therefor. 

Section 11.   Presumption of Assent. 
A director of the Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be
presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless (1) the Director objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at
the meeting, or (2) a dissent or abstention shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting, or (3) the director shall deliver a
written notice of dissent or abstention to such action to the presiding officer of the meeting before adjournment or to the Corporation
immediately after adjournment. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action. 

Section 12.   Informal Action by Directors.
 Any action required to be taken at a meeting of the directors, or any other action which may be taken at a meeting of the directors,
may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting for the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the directors
entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof. 

Section 13.   Lead Director.  There
may be one independent director selected by the Board to be named Lead Director. Any director so elected shall preside at executive
sessions of the directors, communicate with the Chief Executive Officer on any matters discussed by the directors in executive
session, maintain the minutes of any executive session, and such other matters as directed by the directors. The Lead Director
shall be elected annually at the first meeting of the directors after the annual meeting. 

ARTICLE IV. COMMITTEES  

Section 1.   Standing Committees.  The
Corporation shall have five (5) standing committees, Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating  
Corporate Governance Committee and Risk Committee. Each standing committee shall consist of such number of directors as the Board
may determine, provided that no committee shall have fewer than three (3) directors. All standing committees, except the Executive
Committee, shall consist of independent directors. The Board shall apply the independence criteria set forth in the applicable
NASDAQ listing requirements and S.E.C. rules and regulations, noting the differing standards of independence that may be applicable
to different committees or positions, as well any additional criteria that the Board may determine to be appropriate in assessing
the independence of a director. 

The size of each standing committee and the
selection of the directors serving on each of the standing committees shall be determined by the Board annually. Each standing
committee shall select a chairman and a secretary. The chairman shall preside over the meetings of the committee and the secretary
shall record minutes of each meeting as a formal record of the deliberations and recommendations of the committee. Each standing
committee shall meet in scheduled meetings as determined by the Board and upon call of the chairman or upon written request of
two (2) or more members of the committee. Except for any executive sessions conducted by the committees, the Chairman of the Board
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be authorized to attend all meetings of the standing committees. 

The Board may delegate to any standing committee
any of the powers and authority of the Board regarding management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, except those
powers not subject to delegation as set forth in A.C.A. 4-27-825(e). Any decision made or action taken by any standing committee,
based under such delegation, shall be reported to the Board at its next regular meeting. 

Section 2.   Executive Committee.   The duties
and responsibilities of the Executive Committee shall include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

(1)  Consult with the executive management regarding matters related to the policies and management
decisions of the Corporation and its subsidiaries,   

(2)  Monitor and assist, where desirable, in acquisition and merger matters,   

(3)  Review and assist in the formulation of policies, and   

(4)  Such other matters as may be delegated to the committee by the Board from time to time.   

Section 3.   Audit Committee.  The
Audit Committee shall assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to the Corporation s shareholders with respect to
its oversight of: 

(1)  The integrity and accuracy of the Corporation s financial statements;   

(2)  The Corporation s process for monitoring compliance with financial reporting laws and regulations;   

(3)  The Corporation s internal system of accounting and financial controls;   

(4)  The Corporation s internal audit function and financial audit process;   

(5)  The appointment, compensation, retention and evaluation of the Corporation s independent
auditor and Internal Audit Group Manager; and   

(6)  Such other matters as may be delegated to the committee by the Board from time to time.   

The authority, duties and responsibilities of
the committee shall be set forth in a Committee Charter adopted by the committee and approved by the Board. 

Section 4.  Compensation Committee . The
Compensation Committee shall assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to the Corporation s shareholders with respect
to its oversight of: 

(1)  The Corporation s Human Resources Group in developing and implementing appropriate organizational
plans and compensation philosophy for the Corporation and its subsidiaries;   

(2)  The Corporation s Human Resources Group in developing and administering personnel-related
policies, procedures, plans, agreements and programs for the Corporation and its subsidiaries;   

(3)  The Corporation s overall compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations in the area
of human resources;   

(4)  The recruitment, appointment and evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer and other senior executive
officers comprising Management of the Corporation;   

(5)  The compensation and benefit plans of the Chief Executive Officer and other senior executive officers
comprising Management of the Corporation;   

(6)  The Chief Executive Officer and Management succession planning process;   

(7)  The form and amount of director compensation; and   

(8)  Such other matters as may be delegated to the committee by the Board from time to time.   

The authority, duties and responsibilities of
the committee shall be set forth in a Committee Charter adopted by the committee and approved by the Board. 

Section 5.   Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee.  The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility
to the Corporation s shareholders with respect to its oversight of: 

(1)  The identification, evaluation and recommendation of prospective directors and advisory directors
of the Corporation and its subsidiaries;   

(2)  The evaluation of the existing directors and advisory directors of the Corporation and its subsidiaries;   

(3)  The assignment of the existing directors and advisory directors of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
to the various committees of the Board and the boards of the Corporation s subsidiaries;   

(4)  The evaluation of the charters of the various committees of the Board and the boards of the Corporation s
subsidiaries;   

(5)  The development and continued review of a set of Corporate Governance Principles applicable to
the Corporation and its subsidiaries;   

(6)  The By-Laws of the Corporation and its subsidiaries; and   

(7)  Such other matters as may be delegated to the committee by the Board from time to time.   

The authority, duties and responsibilities of
the committee shall be set forth in a Committee Charter adopted by the committee and approved by the Board. 

Section 6.  Risk Committee.  The Risk Committee
shall assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to the Corporation s shareholders with respect to its oversight of: 

(1)  The Corporation s enterprise risk management function; regulatory compliance function and
overall risk governance strucuture;   

(2)  The development of the Corporation s Risk Appetite Statement, which is further supported
by the Corporation s Risk Appetite Framework;   

(3)  The development and implementation of the Corporation s Risk Appetite Framework, with an
enterprise view of risk capacity, risk appetite, risk tolerances, risk limits, and which is further supported by the Corporation s
Enterprise Risk Management Framework;   

(4)  The development and implementation of the Corporation s Enterprise Risk Management Framework,
including the implementation of consistent policies, procedures, processes and systems for identifying, measuring, monitoring,
controlling and reporting risks of all types, including the categories of credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational
risk, regulatory compliance risk, legal risk, reputation risk and strategic risk;   

(5)  The adequacy of the Corporation s annual Enterprise Risk Self-Assessment; and   

(6)  Such other matters as may be delegated to the committee by the Board from time to time.   

The authority, duties and responsibilities of
the committee shall be set forth in a Committee Charter adopted by the committee and approved by the Board. 

Section 7.   Other Committees.  The
Board may also appoint from among its own members such other committees as the Board may determine, which shall in each case consist
of not less than three (3) directors, and which shall have such powers and duties as shall from time to time be prescribed by the
Board. The Secretary shall maintain a list of the committees of the Corporation, as same exist from time to time, and attach a
copy hereto as an Appendix. 

Section 8.   Procedure.  A majority
of the members of any committee may fix its rules of procedure. Upon the request of the Board, all actions by any committee shall
be reported to the Board which actions shall be subject to revision, alteration and approval by the Board; provided that no rights
or acts of third parties shall be affected by any such revision or alteration. 

ARTICLE V. OFFICERS  

Section 1.   Number.  The officers
of the Corporation shall be appointed or elected by the Board. The officers shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive
Officer, President, such number of Vice Chairman, Vice Presidents or other officers as the Board may from time to time determine,
a Secretary, a Chief Financial Officer, a Treasurer, and a Controller. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings
of the Board and stockholders and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned from time to time by the Board. In the absence
of the Chairman or if such office shall be vacant, the lead director shall preside at all meetings of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders. In the absence of a lead director, the Chief Executive Officer shall
preside at all meetings of the Board, and in the absence of any of them, any other Board member designated by the Board may preside
at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board. The Board may appoint or elect a person as a Vice Chairman without regard
to whether such person is a member of the Board. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. The Secretary, or such
officer as the Board may designate, shall maintain a list of the officers of the Corporation, as same exist from time to time and
attach a copy hereto as an Appendix. 

Section 2.   Election and Term of Office. 
The officers of the Corporation to be elected by the Board shall be elected annually by the Board at the first meeting of the Board
held after each annual meeting of the shareholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election
shall be held as soon thereafter as is convenient. Each officer shall hold office until a successor shall have been duly elected
and qualified or until such officer s death, resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. 

Section 3.   Removal.  Any officer
or agent elected or appointed by the Board may be removed by the Board whenever, in its judgment, the best interests of the Corporation
would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice as to any contract rights of the person so removed. 

Section 4.   Vacancies.  A vacancy
in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the Board for the unexpired
portion of the term. 

Section 5.   Duties.  The officers, agents, and employees
shall perform the duties and exercise the powers usually incident to the offices or positions held by them respectively, and such
other duties and powers as may be assigned to them from time to time by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 6.    Salaries.  The salaries
of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer shall be fixed from time to time by the Board upon recommendation
from the Compensation Committee. The salaries of the officers (other than the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer)
shall be presented from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer to the Compensation Committee and the Board for review and
approval. No officer shall be prevented from receiving a salary due to service as a director of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VI. CONTRACTS,
LOANS, CHECK AND DEPOSITS  

Section 1.   Contracts.  The Board
may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the
name of an on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

Section 2.   Loans.  No loans shall
be contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidences of indebtedness shall be issued in its name, unless authorized by a
resolution of the Board. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

Section 3.   Checks, Drafts, etc. 
All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the
Corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as shall be determined
by resolution of the Board. 

Section 4.   Deposits.  All funds
of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or
other depositories as the Board may select. 

ARTICLE VII. SHARES AND
THEIR TRANSFER  

Section 1.   Shares . The shares
of the Corporation may be represented by certificates or may be uncertificated. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be
eligible for a Direct Registration Program operated by a clearing agency registered under Section 17A for the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. 

Section 2.   Certificates of Shares.  Certificates
representing shares of the Corporation shall be in such form as shall be determined by the Board. Such certificates shall be signed
by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or a Vice-President and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.
All Certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified. The name and address of the person to whom
the shares represented thereby are issued, with the number of shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the stock transfer
books of the Corporation. All certificates surrendered to the Corporation for transfer shall be cancelled and no new certificate
shall be issued until the former certificate for a like number of shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled, except that
in case of a lost, destroyed or mutilated certificate, a new one may be issued therefore upon such terms and indemnity to the Corporation
as the Board may prescribe. 

Section 3.   Uncertificated Shares. 
The Corporation may issue shares of stock in the form of uncertificated shares. Any such uncertificated shares of stock shall be
credited to a book entry account maintained by the Corporation (or its designee) on behalf of the shareholder. No shares for which
certificates are outstanding shall be issued as uncertificated shares until and unless said certificates are surrendered to the
Corporation, transfer agent or registrar on behalf of the Corporation. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer
of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send the shareholder a written statement showing: 

(1)  The name of the Corporation;   

(2)  The state of its organization;   

(3)  The name of the person or persons to whom the shares are issued;   

(4)  The number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any;   

(5)  The par value of the shares, or if the shares have no par value, a statement of such fact;   

(6)  If the Corporation is authorized to issue different classes of shares or different series within
a class, a summary of the designations, relative rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class and the variations
in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series (and the authority of the Board to determine variations for
future series) or alternatively, a statement that the Corporation will furnish the shareholder this information, without charge,
upon a request in writing;   

(7)  Any restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of the shares; and   

(8)  Any other matters required by law.   

Section 4.   Transfer of Shares. 
The Board shall have power to appoint one or more transfer agents and registrars for the transfer and registration of shares of
the Corporation s stock, to elect to participate in one or more Direct Registration Programs for uncertificated shares and
may require that any certificates for stock or debentures shall be countersigned and registered by one or more of such transfer
agents and registrars. Transfer of shares of the Corporation shall be made only on the stock records of the Corporation. Any transfer
of certificated shares shall be accomplished by the holder of record thereof or by a legal representative thereof, who shall furnish
proper evidence of authority to transfer, or by an attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with
the Secretary of the Corporation, and on surrender for cancellation of the certificate for such shares. Any transfer of uncertificated
shares shall be accomplished in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of a Direct Registration Program applicable
to the shares of the Corporation. The person in whose name shares stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed by the
Corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes. 

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS  

Section 1.   Fiscal Year.  The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year; provided, however, that the Board shall have the power to fix and change the
fiscal year of the Corporation. 

Section 2.   Execution of Instruments. 
All agreements, indentures, mortgages, deeds, conveyances, transfers, certificates, declaration, receipts, discharges, releases,
satisfactions, settlements, petitions, schedules, accounts, affidavits, bonds, undertaking, proxies and other instruments or documents
may be signed, executed, acknowledged, verified, delivered or accepted in behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, or the Secretary. Any such instruments may also be executed, acknowledged,
verified, delivered or accepted in behalf of the Corporation in such other manner and by such other officers as the Board may from
time to time direct. The provisions of this Section are supplementary to any other provisions of these By-Laws. 

Section 3.   Records.  The Articles
of Incorporation, the By-Laws and proceedings of all meetings of the shareholders, the Board, standing committees of the Board,
shall be recorded in appropriate minute books provided for that purpose. The minutes of each meeting shall be signed by the Secretary
or other officers appointed to act as secretary of the meeting. 

ARTICLE IX. INDEMNIFICATION
OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  

Section 1.   General.  This Corporation
shall have the power to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents, and the directors, officers, employees and agents
of the Corporation shall have the right to indemnity, to the extent and in the manner provided in the Arkansas Business Corporation
Act, as amended. 

Section 2.   Mandatory Indemnification.
 Every person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in administrative or investigative,
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the request
of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise) shall be indemnified and held harmless to the fullest extent legally permissible under and pursuant to any
procedure specified in the Arkansas Business Corporation Act, as amended and as the same may be amended hereafter, against all
expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorney s fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith. Such right of indemnification shall be a contract right
that may be enforced in any lawful manner by such person, and the Corporation may in the discretion of the Board enter into indemnification
agreements with its directors and officers. Such right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other right which such
director or officer may have, or hereafter acquire, and, without limiting the generality of such statement, such director or officer
shall be entitled to all rights of indemnification under any agreement, vote of shareholders, provision of law, or otherwise, as
well as all rights under this section. 

Section 3.   Insurance.  The Board
may cause the Corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the
Corporation (or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation or as its representative
in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in
any such capacity or arising out of such status, whether or not the Corporation would have power to indemnify such person. 

Section 4.   Indemnification for Expenses.
 Expenses incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding by
reason of the fact that such person is, or was, a director or officer of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the Corporation s
request as a director or officer of another corporation or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise) shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition such action, suit or proceeding (1) upon authorization
(i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to the action, suit or proceeding,
(ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or even if obtainable if a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, then by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the shareholders; and (2) upon receipt of an undertaking by, or on behalf of, such
person to repay such amount, if it shall ultimately be determined that such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation as authorized by relevant provisions of the Arkansas Business Corporation Act, as the same now exists or may
hereafter by amended. 

ARTICLE X. DIVIDENDS  

The Board may from time to time declare, and
the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and
its Articles of Incorporation. 

ARTICLE XI. SEAL  

The Board may provide a corporate seal which
shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation and the state of incorporation and the words
 Corporate Seal.  

ARTICLE XII. WAIVER OF NOTICE  

Whenever any notice is required to be given
to any shareholder or director of the Corporation under the provisions of the By-Laws, under the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation or under the provisions of any applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled
to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. 

ARTICLE XIII. BY-LAWS  

Section 1.   Inspection.  A copy
of the By-Laws, with all amendments thereto, shall at all times be kept in a convenient place at the principal business office
of the Corporation, and shall be open for inspection to all shareholders, during business hours. 

Section 2.   Amendments.  The By-Laws
may be amended, altered or repealed, at any meeting of the Board, by a majority vote. 

11 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 exh_121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 12.1  

Simmons First National Corporation 

  Computation of Consolidated
Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividend 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-15.1>
 4
 exh_151.htm
 EXHIBIT 15.1

Exhibit 15.1  

Awareness of Independent Registered 

 Public Accounting Firm 

We acknowledge the incorporation by reference in the June 18, 2014, Amendment No. 1 to
the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-194309) and the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration
Statements Nos. 333-134240, 333-134241, 333-134276, 333-134301, 333-134356, 333-138629, 333-186253, 333-186254, 333-197708 and
333-206160) of Simmons First National Corporation of our report dated November 8, 2016, included with the Quarterly Reports on
Form10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Pursuant to Rule 436(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, these reports should
not be considered a part of the registration statement prepared or certified by us within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11
of the Act. 

BKD,  LLP   

/s/ BKD,  LLP  

Little Rock, Arkansas 

 November 8, 2016 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, George A. Makris, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simmons
First National Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ George A. Makris, Jr.                                    

 George A. Makris, Jr. 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert A. Fehlman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simmons
First National Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Robert A. Fehlman                                             

 Robert A. Fehlman 

 Senior Executive Vice President, 

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 exh_313.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION 

I, David W. Garner, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Simmons
First National Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ David W. Garner                                             

 David W. Garner 

 Executive Vice President, Controller 

 and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, George A. Makris, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ George A. Makris, Jr.                                                            

 George A. Makris, Jr. 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, Robert A. Fehlman, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certifies
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Robert A. Fehlman                                                  

 Robert A. Fehlman 

 Senior Executive Vice President, 

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 exh_323.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the
 Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, David W. Garner, Executive Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, hereby certifies
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ David W. Garner                                          

 David W. Garner 

 Executive Vice President, Controller 

 and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 sfnc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sfnc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sfnc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sfnc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sfnc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sfnc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

