<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q_edgar_data_1635282_0001144204-16-134710_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1534111</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66839</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>120675</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>261340</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>642037</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>411755</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134710.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115160728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134710
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GP Investments Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FURNITURE & HOME FURNISHINGS [5020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37397
		FILM NUMBER:		161999767

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		345 949 8066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134710.txt : 20161115

10-Q
 1
 v451101_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

For the transition period from                               to                               

Commission File Number: 001-37397 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITIONS CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Cayman Islands   
       NA    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification Number)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:    (212) 974-5710  

N/A 

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        
  x           No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        
  x           No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer        
 
      Non-accelerated filer    x  
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes  
  x     No    

As of November 10, 2016, there were 21,562,500 shares of the
Company s ordinary shares issued and outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      3   

Condensed Balance Sheets   
      3   

Condensed Statements of Operations   
      4   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
      5   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
      6   

ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      14   

ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      17   

ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      17   

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      17   

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      17   

ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      17   

ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      17   

ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      17   

ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     17  

ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
     18  

ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      18   

SIGNATURES   
     19  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the condensed financial statements. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS  

GP Investments Acquisition Corp. (the  Company )
is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 28, 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
( Business Combination ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
not yet commenced operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 related to the Company s formation, its Initial Public
Offering (as defined below), which is described below, and identifying and evaluating a target company for a Business Combination
and activities in connection with the announced and subsequently terminated proposed acquisition of WKI Holding Company, Inc. ( WKI )
described in Note 9. 

The registration statement for the Company s
initial public offering (the  Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective on May 19, 2015. On May 26, 2015, the
Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 17,250,000 units ( Units ), which included the exercise by the underwriters
of their entire overallotment option in the amount of 2,250,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $172,500,000.
The Initial Public Offering is further described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,062,500 warrants (the  Private Placement Warrants )
at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, GPIC Ltd, a Bermuda company ( Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of $6,062,500. The sale of Private Placement Warrants is further described in Note 4.  

Transaction costs amounted to $10,960,590,
consisting of $4,312,500 of underwriting fees, $6,037,500 of deferred underwriting fees (which are held in the Trust Account (defined
below)) and $610,590 of Initial Public Offering costs. In addition, at September 30, 2016, $2,470 of cash was held outside of the
Trust Account and was available for working capital purposes. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, an amount of $172,500,000 ($10.00 per share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account ( Trust Account ) and invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940
Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below. 

The Company s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
The Company s Units are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ). Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules,
the Company s Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market value is equal
to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering (the
 Public Shares ) upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion.
The per-share price of the Public Shares to be redeemed (initially $10.00 per share), payable in cash, will be equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income tax obligations,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note
6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.
However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less
than $5,000,001. The Company s initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder
shares (as defined in Note 5) and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. If a shareholder vote
is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to
completing a Business Combination. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

If, however, a shareholder approval of
the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to
the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete a Business Combination only if a majority of
the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval
in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Additionally, each shareholder may elect
to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If the Company seeks shareholder approval
of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection with a Business Combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a  group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering ( Excess
Shares ). However, the Company would not be restricting the shareholders  ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against a Business Combination. 

If the Company is unable to complete a
Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the  Combination Period ), the
Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its income tax obligations (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders  rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case
to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of the laws of the Cayman Islands and other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s Warrants, which will expire
worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The initial shareholders have agreed to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the founder shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination during the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in
or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed
to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the
Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets)
will be less than the $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account,
the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third party claims. 

The Company has principally financed its
operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its initial shareholders and proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,470 in its operating account. Interest earned on the Trust
Account balance through September 30, 2016 available to be released to the Company for the payment of income tax obligations amounted
to approximately $472,000. In May 2016, the Sponsor committed to provide loans to the Company up to an aggregate of $500,000 and
in November 2016, the Company amended the previous commitment such that the Sponsor has committed to provide loans to the Company
up to a total aggregate amount of $1,900,000, of which $1,192,636 was outstanding as of September 30, 2016 (see Note 5). Based
on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier of consummation of a
Business Combination or May 26, 2017, the date the Company s liquidation will be triggered if a Business Combination is not
consummated. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the
SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have
been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. 

Accordingly, they do not include all the
information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of
a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows
for the periods presented. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as
filed with the SEC, which contains the audited financial statements and notes thereto. The financial information as of December
31, 2015 is derived from the audited financial statements presented in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The interim results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future interim periods. 

Emerging growth company   

The Company is an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
(the  JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Use of estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents   

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Cash and marketable securities held
in Trust Account   

The amounts held in the Trust Account represent
substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets since such amounts can
only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016, cash and marketable
securities held in the Trust Account consisted of $172,972,482 in United States Treasury Bills with a maturity date of 180 days
or less. 

Ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption   

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as
a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that
feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are
classified as shareholders  equity. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders  equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

Income taxes   

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability approach to financial
accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on
enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon
examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only
major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
expense. As of September 30, 2016, there were no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. There were no unrecognized tax benefits
as of September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months. 

The Company may be subject to potential
examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. 

Net loss per share   

The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share since such shares, if redeemed,
only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants to
purchase 14,687,500 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

Concentration of credit risk   

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed
the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair value of financial instruments   

The fair value of the Company s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING  

On May 26, 2015, the Company sold 15,000,000
Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. In addition, as a result of the underwriters election to exercise their entire over-allotment
option, the Company sold an additional 2,250,000 Units to the underwriters at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one ordinary share and one-half of one warrant ( Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share (see Note 7). 

NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT  

Simultaneously with the Initial Public
Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,062,500 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of $1.00 per warrant in
a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at $11.50 per share. The proceeds
from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Founder Shares  

On March 2, 2015, the Company issued 4,312,500
ordinary shares to GPIAC, LLC, a company whose sole member is the Sponsor (the  founder shares ), for an aggregate
purchase price of $25,000. The 4,312,500 founder shares included an aggregate of up to 562,500 shares subject to forfeiture by
the initial shareholders (or their permitted transferees) on a pro rata basis depending on the extent to which the underwriter s
over-allotment was exercised. As a result of the underwriter s election to exercise its full over-allotment option to purchase
2,250,000 Units on May 26, 2015 (see Note 6), 562,500 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The founder shares are
identical to the Public Shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that (1) the founder shares are
subject to certain transfer restrictions and (2) the initial shareholders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with
respect to the founder shares and Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the
founder shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Administrative Services Agreement  

Commencing on May 19, 2015, the Company
has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred $30,000 of administrative service fees. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and for the period from January 28, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, the Company incurred $90,000 and $50,000,
respectively, of administrative service fees, of which $30,000 is payable and included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
in the accompanying condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. 

Related Party Loans  

In May 2016, the Sponsor committed to provide
loans to the Company up to an aggregate of $500,000 in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination.
In November 2016, the Company amended the previous commitment such that the Sponsor has committed to provide loans to the Company
up to a total aggregate amount of $1,900,000. The loans are evidenced by a promissory note, are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and will only be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016, $1,192,636 was outstanding under
the loans. 

Other than as described above, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the
Company additional funds as may be required ( Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds held in the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise,
the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,000,000 of Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such Working Capital Loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to the Working Capital Loans. 

NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Contingent Transaction Fee Arrangements   

The Company has entered into fee arrangements
with certain service providers and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by the Company in connection with a potential
Business Combination will be deferred and become payable only if the Company consummates such potential Business Combination. If
the potential Business Combination does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay these contingent fees. As of September
30, 2016, the amount of these contingent fees was approximately $3,943,000. To the extent the potential Business Combination is
consummated, the Company anticipates incurring a significant amount of additional costs. There can be no assurances that the Company
will complete a Business Combination. 

Registration Rights   

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into on May 19, 2015 with the holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and Warrants, the holders of the
majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register
such securities and shares that may be issued upon conversion of the Private Placement Warrants, Warrants and Working Capital Loans,
if any. In addition, the holders have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit
any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-Up Period
(as defined in the registration rights agreement). The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement   

The underwriters are entitled to an underwriting
discount of 6.0%, of which two and one-half percent (2.5%), or $4,312,500, was paid in cash at the closing of the Initial Public
Offering on May 26, 2015, and up to three and one-half percent (3.5%), or $6,037,500, has been deferred. The deferred fee is payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

Preferred
Shares      -    The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 preferred shares
with a par value of $0.0001 per share in one or more series. The Company s board of directors will be authorized to fix the
voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At September 30, 2016, there are
no preferred shares designated, issued or outstanding.  

Ordinary
Shares      -    The Company is authorized to issue up to 400,000,000 ordinary
shares. The Company's ordinary shares have a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are
entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2016, there were 5,546,470 ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding
16,016,030 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption).  

Warrants -   Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12
months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise
is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.  

The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants
will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or such purchasers  permitted transferees. If the
Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or such purchasers  permitted transferees,
the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public
Warrants. 

The exercise price and number of ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend,
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary
shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants.
Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows the
guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

The fair value of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection
with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks
to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy
is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets
and liabilities: 

Level 1:  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2:  
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3:     
      Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

The following table
presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair
value: 

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

The Company evaluates subsequent events
and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued for potential
recognition or disclosure. Other than as described below, the Company did not identify subsequent events that would have required
adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. 

In November 2016, the Company amended its
previous commitment such that the Sponsor has committed to provide loans to the Company up to a total aggregate amount of $1,900,000.
The loans are evidenced by a promissory note, are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will only be repaid upon the completion of
a Business Combination. 

On April 19, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended on July 28, 2016,
the  Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Let s Go Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, WKI, and, solely in its capacity as the initial Holder Representative thereunder, WKI Group, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding capital
stock of WKI, the parent company of World Kitchen, LLC, a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of houseware products.
On November 11, 2016, the parties terminated the Merger Agreement, effective November 11, 2016. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

References in this report to  we, 
 us  or the  Company  refer to GP Investments Acquisition Corp. References to our  management 
or our  management team  refer to our officers and directors, and references to the  Sponsor  refer to
holders of our insider shares. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this
Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect,   believe, 
 anticipate,   intend,   estimate,   seek  and variations and similar words and
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or
future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors
could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2015 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as
expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview  

We are a blank check company incorporated
on January 28, 2015 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of warrants in a private
placement that occurred simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our shares, debt or a combination
of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. 

Recent Events  

On April 19, 2016, the Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended on July 28, 2016, the  Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company,
Let s Go Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, WKI, and, solely in its
capacity as the initial Holder Representative thereunder, WKI Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of WKI, the parent company of World Kitchen,
LLC, a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of houseware products. On November 11, 2016, the parties terminated the
Merger Agreement, effective November 11, 2016. 

Results of Operations  

Since the completion of our Initial Public
Offering, we have not generated any operating revenues and will not generate such revenues until after the completion of our business
combination. All activity from inception to March 31, 2016 relates to our formation, our Initial Public Offering and private placement
and the identification and evaluation of prospective candidates for a business combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and securities held, which we expect to be insignificant in view of the low yields on short-term
government securities. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had a net loss of $347,057 and $1,897,194, respectively, mainly consisting of target identification expenses and operating
costs of $402,948 and $2,291,424, respectively, offset by interest income of $55,234 and $393,573, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2015 and for the period from January 28, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, we had a net loss of $51,827 and $59,198,
respectively. The results of operations in each period mainly consist of operating costs, offset by interest income on the Trust
Account.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On May 26, 2015, we consummated our Initial
Public Offering of 17,250,000 Units, which includes the exercise by the underwriters of their entire overallotment option in the
amount of 2,250,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $172,500,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses.
Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 6,062,500 Private
Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement to GPIC, Ltd, a Bermuda company, generating gross proceeds
of $6,062,500. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at $11.50 per share. 

We received net proceeds from our Initial
Public Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants of $173,639,410, net of $4,312,500 cash paid for underwriting fees and
$610,590 cash paid for offering costs. In addition, up to $6,037,500 of underwriting fees were deferred until the closing of a
business combination. Upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, $172,500,000 was placed
into the Trust Account, while the remaining funds were placed in an account outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $172,972,482 (including approximately $472,000 of interest income which is available
to pay our income tax obligations) consisting of cash and U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income
on the balance in the Trust Account may be available to us to pay taxes and up to $100,000 of our dissolution expenses. Through
September 30, 2016, we did not withdraw any funds from the interest earned on the Trust Account. Other than deferred underwriting
fees payable in the event of a business combination, no amounts are payable to the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of
$2,470 held outside the Trust Account, which is available for use by us to cover the costs associated with identifying a target
business and negotiating a business combination and other general corporate uses. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had
accounts payable and accrued expenses of $379,743, primarily representing amounts owed to certain service providers and advisors
who have advised us on matters related to a potential business combination. We have entered into fee arrangements with certain
service providers and advisors pursuant to which certain fees incurred by us in connection with a potential business combination
will be deferred and become payable only if we consummate such potential business combination. If the potential business combination
does not occur, we will not be required to pay these contingent fees. As of September 30, 2016, the amount of these contingent
fees was approximately $3,943,000. To the extent the potential business combination is consummated, we anticipate incurring a significant
amount of additional costs. There can be no assurances that we will complete this or any other business combination. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, cash used in operating activities amounted to $2,157,615, mainly resulting from a net loss of $1,897,194, interest earned
on the Trust Account of $393,573 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities of $657. Changes in working capital provided $133,809
of cash for operating activities. For the period from January 28, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, cash used in operating
activities amounted to $118,747, mainly resulting from a net loss of $59,198 and interest earned on the Trust Account of $64,566.
Changes in working capital provided $5,017 of cash for operating activities. 

We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account (less amounts used to pay taxes and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our Business
Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business
combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the Trust Account is insufficient
to pay our taxes and pay our NASDAQ annual fee. 

We may need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. In May 2016, the
Sponsor committed to provide us loans up to an aggregate of $500,000 and in November 2016, the Company amended the previous commitment
such that the Sponsor committed to provide us loans up to a total aggregate amount of $1,900,000, of which $1,192,636 was outstanding
as of September 30, 2016. The loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will only be repaid upon the completion of a business
combination. 

We believe we have sufficient capital to
operate our business through the earlier of a consummation of a business combination or May 26, 2017, the date the Company s
liquidation will be triggered if a business combination is not consummated. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual
amounts necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may
need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
enter into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an administrative agreement to pay an affiliate
of our Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services, commencing
on the date our securities are first listed on NASDAQ. Upon the earlier of the completion of the initial business combination or
the Company s liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Significant Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following significant accounting policy: 

Ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption  

We account for our ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument
and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders  equity.
Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders  equity section of our balance sheet. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

The net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government treasury bills
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe
there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

We have not engaged in any hedging activities
since our inception on January 28, 2015. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to
which we are exposed. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

This Report does not include a report of
management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered
public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes
to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC, except
we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated
by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

*        Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

GP INVESTMENTS ACQUISITION CORP.    

Date: November 15, 2016  
      /s/ Antonio Bonchristiano   

Name: Antonio Bonchristiano   

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31>
 2
 v451101_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Antonio Bonchristiano, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GP Investments Acquisition Corp.; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 15, 2016  

/s/ Antonio Bonchristiano   

Antonio Bonchristiano   

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v451101_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002)  

I, Antonio Bonchristiano, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer of GP Investments Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1.    the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.    the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:    November
    15, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Antonio Bonchristiano   

Antonio Bonchristiano   

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 gpiau-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gpiau-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 gpiau-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gpiau-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gpiau-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gpiau-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

