<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1622408_0001477932-16-013703_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1246711</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56042</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>104876</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>232126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>437371</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>360466</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013703.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121140706
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013703
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				465250836
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-199336
		FILM NUMBER:		162009944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		137 N. MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200A
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		859-268-6264

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		137 N. MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200A
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013703.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 fpts_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   fpts_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549           FORM 10-Q          (Mark One)                              TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                         For the transition period from ____________ to ____________           Commission file number:   333-199336                First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.        (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                  Delaware           46-5250836       (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)         (I.R.S. Employer  Identification No.)           137 N. Main Street, Suite 200A, Dayton, Ohio 45402    (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)       (859) 268-6264    (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)     ________________________________________________________________  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer     o     Accelerated filer     o       Non-accelerated filer     o     Smaller reporting company     x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x      As of November 21, 2016, there were 5,740,000 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.      

First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.        TABLE OF CONTENTS                            Page                                     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION.                                       Item 1.       Condensed Financial Statements.         3                                       Item 2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.         15                              Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis About Market Risk.         18                              Item 4.       Controls and Procedures.         18                               PART II   OTHER INFORMATION.                                       Item 1.       Legal Proceedings.         19                              Item 1A.       Risk Factors.         19                              Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.         19                              Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.         19                              Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures.         19                              Item 5.       Other Information.         19                              Item 6.       Exhibits.         20                              SIGNATURES.         21                      PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION           Item 1. Financial Statements        First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.         September 30, 2016 and 2015          Index to Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements                           See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                   4       
     Table of Contents                See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                  5       
     Table of Contents                See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements.                  6       
     Table of Contents          First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.    September 30, 2016 and 2015     Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements     (unaudited)       Note 1 - Organization and Operations      First Priority Tax Solutions, Inc. ( First Priority  or the  Company ) was incorporated on March 31, 2014 under the laws of the State of Delaware.      The Company engages in the business of acquiring, developing and managing residential and commercial income-producing properties in the Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio metropolitan areas. Revenue is generated primarily from rental income.       Note 2 - Significant and Critical Accounting Policies and Practices      The Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles.       Basis of Presentation   Unaudited Interim Financial Information       The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. These unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the reporting period ended June 30, 2016 and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2016.       Fiscal Year End       The Company elected June 30th as its fiscal year end date upon its formation.       Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.                  7       
     Table of Contents         Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:                 (i)     Assumption as a going concern:  Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.                         (ii)     Fair value of long-lived assets : Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company considers the following to be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant under-performance or losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events.                         (iii)     Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:  Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.          These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.     Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.     Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.     Actual results could differ from those estimates.       Cash Equivalents       For the purpose of the accompanying financial statements, all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.       Real Estate       Real Estate is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method (after taking into account their respective estimated residual values) over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows:                         Estimated Useful Life (Years)                                    Building                 30                                         Land                 N/A                             8       
     Table of Contents         Upon sale or retirement, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations.       Related Parties       The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.     Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates ( Affiliate  means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.     The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved b. description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.       Commitment and Contingencies       The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.     If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.     Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.                  9       
     Table of Contents           Revenue Recognition       The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. In addition to the aforementioned general policy, the following are the specific revenue recognition policies for each major category of revenue:     Residential property leases will be for terms of generally one year or more. Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.      Rent concessions, including free rent if incurred in connection with residential property leases, will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases and will be charged as a reduction of rental revenue.       Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision       The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the current enacted tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.     The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.     The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.     Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.       Tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions       The Company discloses tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions pursuant to the ASC Paragraph 740-10-50-15.              Earnings per Share       Earnings per share ("EPS") are the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.     Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21 through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of paragraphs 260-10-45-35 through 45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260 10 55 23). Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS. Under the treasury stock method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) c. The incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.     There were no potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the reporting periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015.       Cash Flows Reporting       The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.       Subsequent Events       The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.            Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.      Note 3   Going Concern      The Company has elected to adopt early application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ) .     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses and generated negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $88,448 and $104,278, respectively. The Company has a working capital deficit (total current liabilities exceeded total current assets) of $87,593 and $100,923, respectively. The Company s cash balance and revenues generated are not currently sufficient and cannot be projected to cover its operating expenses for the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.     The Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations. Management is devoting substantially all of its efforts to developing its business and raising capital and there can be no assurance that the Company s efforts will be successful. No assurance can be given that management s actions will result in profitable operations or the resolution of its liquidity problems. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.     In order to improve the Company s liquidity, the Company s management is actively pursuing additional equity financing through discussions with investment bankers and private investors. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its effort to secure additional equity financing.      Note 4   Real Estate       As of September 30, 2016, real estate investment consisted of one commercial property located at 1784 Stanley Avenue, Dayton, Ohio, which was leased in February 2016.      Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $500, respectively.      Note 5 - Revenue from rental income      On February 1, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with GSH, LLC. to lease the commercial property it owns at 1784 Stanley Avenue, Dayton, OH. The lease is for the initial term of 24 months. Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.      On November 1, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Key-Ads, Inc. to lease the track of land to erect one 672 sq ft back to back digital advertising sign. The lease term is through October 31, 2114. This lease was contingent upon lessee securing all required governmental permits and licenses to allow the erection, maintenance and use of its sign for outdoor advertising purposes within 18 months of the execution date of the agreement. Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.             Note 6 - Note Payable      On June 1, 2014, the Company entered into a note payable with a third-party in the amount of $85,000. The note bears interest at 4% per annum with interest and principal due on June 1, 2016. Accrued interest totaled $7,946 and $4,536 for the reporting period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This note has been extended through January 1, 2017.      Note 7   Related Party Transactions      On October 19, 2015, the Company entered into a related party note payable in the amount of $10,000. The note bears no interest, and principal is due on October 19, 2017.     A Director of the Company is also the real estate agent for the Company's rental property.      Note 8   Concentration       The Company operates in the Real Estate industry and owns one property in Dayton, Ohio.      Note 9   Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision        Deferred Tax Assets       At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $88,448 and $104,278 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2036. No tax benefit has been recorded with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements as the management of the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately $30,072 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by the full valuation allowance.     Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization. The valuation allowance decreased approximately $5,382 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and increased approximately $10,025 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.     Components of deferred tax assets are as follows:                    Income Tax Provision in the Statement of Operations       A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows:             Tax Returns Remaining subject to IRS Audits       The Company has not yet filed its corporation income tax return for the reporting period ended June 30, 2016. The Company's corporation income tax returns for the reporting periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 will remain subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for a period of three (3) years from the date they are filed.       Ohio - Commercial Activity Tax (CAT)       The Commercial Activity Tax (CAT) is an annual tax imposed on the privilege of doing business in Ohio, measured by gross receipts from business activities in Ohio. Businesses with Ohio taxable gross receipts of $150,000.00 per calendar year are subject to the CAT tax. Such "taxable gross receipts", include 1) gross rents and royalties from real property located in Ohio, and 2) gross receipts from the sale of real property located in Ohio. For calendar years 2006 and thereafter, the first $1 million in taxable gross receipts are taxed at $150, thereafter at a rate of 0.2600%. For tax years prior to December 31, 2013, there is an annual minimum tax (AMT) of $150.00. Since the Company has not had gross receipts for the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the CAT tax is not applicable to the Company for the periods indicated.      Note 10   Subsequent Events      The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.                Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements reflect the current view about future events. When used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   future,   intend,   plan,  or the negative of these terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such statements, include, but are not limited to, statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q relating to our business strategy, our future operating results, and our liquidity and capital resources outlook. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned.     Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.      Company Overview       Overview      We are engaged in the business of acquiring, developing, managing and selling residential and commercial income-producing properties in the Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio metropolitan areas. We generate revenue primarily from rental income from the tenants occupying the properties we acquire and from the proceeds of property sales.     Since starting our business in March 2014, we have acquired one light industrial facility in Dayton, Ohio.      Our commercial property was vacant and being renovated through January 2016. In February 2016, we signed a two-year lease with a third party to occupy this site. Under the lease, the rent escalates for each six-month period, from $2,269 through month 6, $4,538 through month 12, $6,807 through month 18, and $9,400 through month 24. There is also a two-year renewal term, at a higher monthly rental rate. During the first calendar quarter of 2015, we received a grant from Jobs Ohio (a private, non-profit corporation designed to drive job creation and new capital investment in the state) to help fund an environmental study of the commercial site. We also sought to obtain environmental insurance on the property. In October 2015, we attended a Board of Revision hearing in Dayton, Ohio to reduce the amount of realty taxes payable for the property. The property was purchased for $75,000, yet the value on the Montgomery County Property Database was $1,107,210. On March 21, 2016, the Montgomery County Board of Pension re-assessed the fair market value of the property at $125,000 as of January 1, 2014.      We intend to expand our acquisitions to other select markets in nearby areas and states that fit our investment criteria as we continue to evaluate new investment opportunities in different markets. All of our properties to date have been acquired and improved from available cash.     Our principal objective is to generate cash flow while gaining price appreciation at the same time through the ownership of our properties. We believe the execution of this strategy will allow us to generate immediate and steady cash flow from the rental income from the properties that we acquire, while potentially gaining significant appreciation over time after these properties are renovated and, in some cases, environmentally remediated. We expect that the available cash flow generated from the rental income of our properties, as well as net proceeds from their sales, will allow us to pay the operating and improvement costs of our properties.            We intend to seek potential property acquisitions that are located in Ohio and nearby states meeting the above criteria.      Matters That May or Are Currently Affecting Our Business      The main challenges and trends that could affect or are affecting our financial results include:                      a failure by any tenant to make rental payments to us, and our ability to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, because we depend on rental income;                              a downturn in residential and commercial markets in the geographic areas in which we operate, so as to cause our properties to be vacant for long periods of time; and                              our ability to raise significant financing to acquire additional properties, which we anticipate may be easier as a public company          New Accounting Pronouncements     There are various updates recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.      Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       Revenue      We had revenue of $17,260 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The rental revenue was generated from rents from our Dayton industrial property. We seek to generate revenue from the rental income of the properties that we acquire and expect to acquire in the future.      Operating Expenses      We recorded $6,667 in total operating expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our operating expenses consisted of professional fees of $5,768, general and administrative costs of $399 and depreciation of $500 during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Total operating expenses were roughly similar at $5,296 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, but we had lower professional fees of $2,799 and higher general and administrative costs of $1,997 as we focused on operating our industrial property. Future operating expenses will consist of personnel costs, insurance and facility costs, depreciation and amortization, marketing and sales, professional fees such as legal and accounting, and other general and administrative costs.      Net Income (Loss)      Due to our larger revenue figure and steady operating expenses, we realized $15,830 in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with a net loss of $5,553 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.       Liquidity and Capital Resources      As of September 30, 2016, we had $4,684 in cash and a working capital deficit of $84,593.     In May and June 2014, we sold 1,740,000 shares of our common stock to 32 individuals for $36,951. No one purchaser acquired more than 287,000 shares in the private placement, or 5% of our outstanding common stock.            On June 1, 2014, we issued a note to Holly1 LLC, an unaffiliated third party, in the amount of $85,000 to fund the purchase of our light industrial facility in Dayton, Ohio. The note bears interest at 4% per annum with the entire outstanding principal amount of the note, together with accrued interest, due and payable on June 1, 2016, and is an unsecured obligation. Accrued interest totaled $2,562 as of March 31, 2016 compared to $3,553 in 2015. Holly1 LLC is an existing investment vehicle of Rebecca McKinnon, a business acquaintance of management who is not affiliated with our company.     Net cash used in our operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $3,991, as compared to net cash used in our operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015 of $4,246. The decrease in cash used was due primarily to net income of $15,830 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a net loss of $5,553 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.     Private capital, if sought, will be sought from former business associates of our founder or private investors referred to us by those business associates. To date, we have not sought any funding source and have not authorized any person or entity to seek out funding on our behalf. If a market for our shares ever develops, of which there can be no assurance, we may use restricted shares of our common stock to compensate employees/consultants and independent contractors wherever possible. We believe that operations will generate sufficient cash to continue operations for the next 12 months from the date of this report provided that our costs of being a public company remain equal to or below the maximum estimate provided below.     We have embarked upon an effort to become a public company and, by doing so, have incurred and will continue to incur additional significant expenses for legal, accounting and related services. By being subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. We estimate that these costs will range up to $50,000 per year for the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases but lower during the first year of being public because our overall business volume will be lower, and we will not yet be subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These obligations will reduce our ability and resources to fund other aspects of our business. We aim to be able to use our status as a public company to increase our ability to use noncash means of settling obligations and compensate vendors and professionals who provide products and services to us, although there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any of those efforts.     There are no current plans to seek private investment. We do not have any current plans to raise funds through the sale of securities. We hope to be able to use our status as a public company to enable us to use non-cash means of settling obligations and compensate persons and/or firms providing services or products to us, although there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any of those efforts. We believe that the perception that many people have of a public company make it more likely that they will accept restricted securities from a public company as consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our conclusion is based on our own beliefs. Issuing shares of our common stock to such persons instead of paying cash to them would increase our chances to expand our business. To date, we have not identified any obligations that we may seek to settle in this manner nor have we identified any vendors, professionals or other creditors that we may approach with this idea. Having shares of our common stock may also give persons a greater feeling of identity with us which may result in referrals. However, these actions, if successful, will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our company because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management.     As part of our plan to augment our financial resources and consider attractive business opportunities, our President has entered into discussions with unnamed, unaffiliated third parties with respect to a potential merger transaction which could result in the discontinuance of our current operations, change of control/ownership and new management. There can be no assurance that a merger or other significant transaction will be consummated with any third party or, if consummated, that we or our shareholders would realize any benefits from it.      Critical Accounting Policies      Our unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with U.S. GAAP.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements      There were various updated recently issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.            Management does not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.      Seasonality      We have not noted a significant seasonal impact in our business.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.      Emerging Growth Company      We are an  emerging growth company  under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards.As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates as to new or revised accounting standards.         Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis About Market Risk       As a smaller reporting company, we elected scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information required by this Item.         Item 4. Controls and Procedures       (a)                   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (the same person) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.     (b)                   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.                PART II   OTHER INFORMATION           Item 1. Legal Proceedings.       As of the date hereof, there are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject.         Item 1A. Risk Factors.       Not required.         Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       There were no unregistered sales of equity in the quarter ended September 30, 2016.         Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       There has been no default in the payment of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of our Company.         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.       Not applicable.         Item 5. Other Information.       None.                Item 6. Exhibits.       Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:        ______________________                  SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                    FIRST PRIORITY TAX SOLUTIONS INC.                      Date: November 21, 2016    By:     /s/ Michael Heitz                Michael Heitz               President and Chairman of the Board  (principal executive officer and  principal financial and accounting officer)                     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fpts_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   fpts_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1        SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER       The undersigned, in the capacity and date indicated below, hereby certifies that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of First Priority Tax Solutions Inc.               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    (a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: November 21, 2016   By:    /s/ Michael Heitz                Michael Heitz               President and Chairman of the Board  (principal executive officer and  principal financial and accounting officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 fpts_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   fpts_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1        CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO      SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       In connection with the Quarterly Report of First Priority Tax Solutions Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Heitz , President and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:                 1.  The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.                    Date: November 21, 2016   By:    /s/ Michael Heitz                Michael Heitz               President and Chairman of the Board  (principal executive officer and  principal financial and accounting officer)            

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 fpts-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fpts-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fpts-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fpts-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fpts-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fpts-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

