<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_34956_0001654954-16-003694_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2265401</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97050</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>145026</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>761430</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>694201</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>505304</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003694.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003694
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TENAX THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034956
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				262593535
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34600
		FILM NUMBER:		161984253

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COPLEY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 490
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-806-4414

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COPLEY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 490
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OXYGEN BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNTHETIC BLOOD INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINEQUANON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19901219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003694.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 tenx_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q 

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September 30, 2016 

OR 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM               
TO               

Commission
File Number 001-34600 

TENAX THERAPEUTICS,
INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

ONE Copley Parkway, Suite 490, Morrisville, North Carolina
27560 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(919)
855-2100 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes    
    No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such
files).    Yes    
    No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  
      No    

As of
November 7, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 28,119,934 shares
of Common Stock. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016
(Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited)
for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

17 

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

26 

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures 

27 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings 

28 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

28 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds 

28 

Item 5. 

Other Information 

28 

Item 6. 

Exhibits 

28 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1.  

  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TENAX THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.   

2 

TENAX THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

TENAX THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

TENAX THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Tenax
Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) was originally
formed as a New Jersey corporation in 1967 under the name Rudmer,
David   Associates, Inc., and subsequently changed its
name to Synthetic Blood International, Inc. On June 17, 2008,
the stockholders of Synthetic Blood International approved the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 28, 2008, between
Synthetic Blood International and Oxygen Biotherapeutics, Inc., a
Delaware corporation. Oxygen Biotherapeutics was formed on
April 17, 2008 by Synthetic Blood International to participate
in the merger for the purpose of changing the state of domicile of
Synthetic Blood International from New Jersey to Delaware.
Certificates of Merger were filed with the states of New Jersey and
Delaware and the merger was effective June 30, 2008. Under the
Plan of Merger, Oxygen Biotherapeutics was the surviving
corporation and each share of Synthetic Blood International common
stock outstanding on June 30, 2008 was converted to one share
of Oxygen Biotherapeutics common stock. On September 19, 2014, the
Company changed its name to Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. 

On October 18, 2013, the Company created a wholly
owned subsidiary, Life Newco, Inc., a Delaware corporation
( Life Newco ), to acquire certain assets of Phyxius
Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Phyxius )
pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2013
(the  Asset Purchase Agreement ), by and among the
Company, Life Newco, Phyxius and the stockholders of Phyxius (the
 Phyxius Stockholders ). As further discussed in Note 6
below, on November 13, 2013, under the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, Life Newco acquired
certain assets, including a license granting Life Newco an
exclusive, sublicenseable right to develop and commercialize
pharmaceutical products containing levosimendan, 2.5 mg/ml
concentrate for solution for infusion / 5ml vial in the United
States and Canada . 

NOTE 2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
include all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring
adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of these financial
statements. The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the Company s audited
consolidated financial statements included in its transition report
on Form 10-KT for the transition period ended December 31, 2015.
Certain footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) have
been condensed or omitted pursuant to the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) rules and regulations. Operating
results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or
any other future periods. As such, it is suggested that these
condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
included in the Company s transition report on
Form 10-KT for the transition period ended December 31,
2015. 

Use of Estimates 

In
preparing the unaudited  condensed  consolidated financial
statements, management is required to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the dates of the unaudited  condensed  consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates
and the operating results for the interim periods presented are not
necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal
year. 

On an
ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates to ensure that
these estimates appropriately reflect changes in the
Company s business and new information as it becomes
available. If historical experience and other factors used by
management to make these estimates do not reasonably reflect future
activity, the Company s results of operations and financial
position could be materially impacted. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
accompanying  condensed 
consolidated financial statements include the accounts and
transactions of the Company and  Life
Newco, Inc. All material intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated in consolidation . 

5 

Goodwill 

Acquired businesses
are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, which
requires that assets acquired, including identifiable intangible
assets, and liabilities assumed be recorded at fair value, with
limited exceptions. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the
acquired net assets do not constitute a business, the transaction
is accounted for as an asset acquisition and no goodwill is
recognized. 

Goodwill is
reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if
events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. The
Company s goodwill evaluation is based on both qualitative
and quantitative assessments regarding the fair value of goodwill
relative to its carrying value. The Company assesses qualitative
factors to determine if its sole reporting unit s fair value
is more likely than not to exceed its carrying value, including
goodwill. In the event the Company determines that it is more
likely than not that its reporting unit s fair value is less
than its carrying amount, quantitative testing is performed
comparing recorded values to estimated fair values. If the fair
value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. If the
carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is
recognized through a charge to operations based upon the excess of
the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair
value.  There was no impairment to goodwill recognized
during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

Liquidity and Management s Plan 

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents,
including the fair value of its marketable securities, of
approximately $25.1 million. The Company used $12.8 million of cash
for operating activities during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and had stockholders  equity of $46.7 million, versus
$60.4 million at December 31, 2015. The Company expects that it has
sufficient cash to manage the business through calendar year 2017,
although this assumes that the Company does not accelerate the
development of other opportunities that are available to the
Company or otherwise face unexpected events, costs or
contingencies, any of which could affect the Company s cash
requirements. 

Additional
capital will likely be required to support the Company s
future commercialization activities, including the anticipated
commercial launch of levosimendan for low cardiac output syndrome
( LCOS ), and the development of other products or
indications which may be acquired or licensed by the Company, and
general working capital requirements. Based on product development
timelines the ability to scale up or reduce personnel and
associated costs are factors considered throughout the product
development life cycle. Available resources may be consumed more
rapidly than currently anticipated, potentially resulting in the
need for additional funding. Additional funding, capital or loans
(including, without limitation, milestone or other payments from
commercialization agreements) may be unavailable on favorable
terms, if at all. 

To
the extent that the Company raises additional funds by issuing
shares of its common stock or other securities convertible or
exchangeable for shares of common stock, stockholders will
experience dilution, which may be significant. In the event the
Company raises additional capital through debt financings, the
Company may incur significant interest expense and become subject
to covenants in the related transaction documentation that may
affect the way the Company conducts its business. To the extent
that the Company raises additional funds through collaboration and
licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish some
rights to its technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses
on terms that may not be favorable to the Company. Any or all of
the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the
Company s business and financial performance. 

Net Loss per Share 

Basic
loss per share, which excludes antidilutive securities, is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding for that particular period. In contrast, diluted
loss per share considers the potential dilution that could occur
from other equity instruments that would increase the total number
of outstanding shares of common stock. Such amounts include shares
potentially issuable under outstanding options, restricted stock
and warrants. 

The
following outstanding options, warrants and restricted stock were
excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per
share for the periods presented because including them would have
had an anti-dilutive effect. 

6 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June
2016,  the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (the   FASB ), issued a new
accounting standard that amends how credit losses are measured and
reported for certain financial instruments that are not accounted
for at fair value through net income. This new standard will
require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than
as a write-down for available-for-sale debt securities and will be
effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted, but not
earlier than annual reporting periods beginning January 1,
2019. A modified retrospective approach is to be used for certain
parts of this guidance, while other parts of the guidance are to be
applied using a prospective approach. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that this new standard will have on its
 condensed consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures . 

In
March 2016,  the FASB,  issued a
new accounting standard intended to simplify various aspects
related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented
in the financial statements.   The
new guidance includes provisions to reduce the complexity related
to income taxes, statement of cash flows, and forfeitures when
accounting for share-based payment transactions. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this
new standard will have on its  condensed consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures . 

In May 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting
standard that supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance under GAAP. The new standard is principles-based and
provides a five-step model to determine when and how revenue is
recognized. The core principle of the new standard is that revenue
should be recognized when a company transfers promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. In March 2016, the FASB issued a new standard
to  clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus
agent considerations, and in April 2016, the FASB issued a new
standard to clarify the implementation guidance on identifying
performance obligations and licensing.  The new standard also requires disclosure of
qualitative and quantitative information surrounding the amount,
nature, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers. In July 2015, the FASB agreed to
defer the effective date of the standard from annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, to annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, with an option that permits companies to
adopt the standard as early as the original effective date. Early
application prior to the original effective date is not permitted.
The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or
cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not yet
selected a transition method and it does not believe adoption of
this standard will have a material impact on its condensed
consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures . 

In
February 2016, the FASB, issued a new accounting standard intended
to improve financial reporting regarding leasing transactions. The
new standard will require the Company to recognize on the balance
sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations
created by all leased assets. The new standard will also require it
to provide enhanced disclosures designed to enable users of
financial statements to understand the amount, timing, and
uncertainty of cash flows arising from all leases, operating and
capital, with lease terms greater than 12 months. The new standard
is effective for financial statements beginning after December 15,
2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact that this new standard will have on its financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In
January 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard that will
enhance the Company s reporting for financial instruments.
The new standard is effective for financial statements issued for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those annual periods. Earlier adoption is permitted
for interim and annual reporting periods as of the beginning of the
fiscal year of adoption. The Company does not believe the adoption
of this standard will have a material impact on its condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE
3. FAIR VALUE 

The
Company records its financial assets and liabilities in accordance
with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
820 Fair Value Measurements. The Company s balance sheet
includes the following financial instruments: cash and cash
equivalents, investments in marketable securities, and warrant
liabilities. The Company considers the carrying amount of its cash
and cash equivalents to approximate fair value due to the
short-term nature of these instruments. 

Accounting for fair
value measurements involves a single definition of fair value,
along with a conceptual framework to measure fair value, with a
fair value defined as  the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.  The fair value measurement hierarchy consists of three
levels: 

Level
one 

Quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities; 

7 

Level
two 

Inputs
other than level one inputs that are either directly or indirectly
observable, and 

Level
three 

Unobservable
inputs developed using estimates and assumptions; which are
developed by the reporting entity and reflect those assumptions
that a market participant would use. 

The
Company applies valuation techniques that (1) place greater
reliance on observable inputs and less reliance on unobservable
inputs and (2) are consistent with the market approach, the
income approach and/or the cost approach, and include enhanced
disclosures of fair value measurements in the Company s
 condensed  consolidated
financial statements. 

Investments in Marketable Securities 

The
Company classifies all of its investments as available-for-sale.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments are recognized in
comprehensive income/(loss), unless an unrealized loss is
considered to be other than temporary, in which case the unrealized
loss is charged to operations. The Company periodically reviews its
investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below
cost basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The
Company believes the individual unrealized losses represent
temporary declines primarily resulting from interest rate changes.
Realized gains and losses are reflected in interest and other
income in the C ondensed 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and are determined
using the specific identification method with transactions recorded
on a settlement date basis. Investments with original maturities at
date of purchase beyond three months and which mature at or less
than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as
current. Investments with a maturity beyond 12 months from the
balance sheet date are classified as long-term. At September 30,
2016, the Company believes that the costs of its investments are
recoverable in all material respects. 

The
following table summarizes the fair value of the Company s
investments by type. The estimated fair value of the
Company s fixed income investments is classified as Level 2
in the fair value hierarchy as defined in U.S. GAAP. These fair
values are obtained from independent pricing services which utilize
Level 2 inputs: 

The
following table summarizes the scheduled maturity for the
Company s investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

Warrant liability 

On July 23, 2013, the Company issued common stock
warrants in connection with the issuance of Series C 8% Preferred
Stock (the  Series C Warrants ).  These Series C
Warrants contain  certain
 down-round  price protection clauses and in accordance
with ASC 815-40-35-9,  t he
Company classifies these warrants as a current liability and the
subsequent changes in fair value are recorded as a component of
other expense.  

8 

Financial assets or
liabilities are considered Level 3 when their fair values are
determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies
or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption
or input is unobservable. The Series C Warrants are measured using
the Monte Carlo valuation model which is based, in part, upon
inputs for which there is little or no observable market data,
requiring the Company to develop its own assumptions.  The
assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair value of the
warrants represent the Company s best estimates; however,
these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment.  As a result, if factors change and
different assumptions are used, the warrant liabilities and the
change in estimated fair value of the warrants could be materially
different. 

Inherent in the
Monte Carlo valuation model are assumptions related to expected
stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and
dividend yield.  The Company estimates the volatility of its
common stock based on historical volatility that matches the
expected remaining life of the warrants.  The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve
on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining
life of the warrants.  The expected life of the warrants is
assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. 
The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the
Company anticipates to remain at zero. 

The
Monte Carlo model is used for the Series C Warrants to
appropriately value the potential future exercise price adjustments
triggered by the anti-dilution provisions. This requires Level 3
inputs which are based on the Company s estimates of the
probability and timing of potential future financings and
fundamental transactions.  The other assumptions used by the
Company are summarized in the following table for the Series C
Warrants that were outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

As
of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the warrant liability was
$310,275. The Company recorded a gain of $60,130 and $214,065 for
the change in fair value as a component of other income on the
condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. 

As of
September 30, 2016, there were 240,523 Series C Warrants
outstanding. 

The
following tables summarize information regarding assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

9 

There
were no significant transfers between levels in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE
4. BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS 

Property and equipment, net 

Property and
equipment consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

10 

Depreciation
expense was approximately $5,000 and $12,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $15,000 and $50,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued
liabilities consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015: 

NOTE
5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The
following table summarizes the Company s intangible assets as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The aggregate
amortization expense on the above intangibles was $0 for each of
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $0 and
$25,000, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

In-Process Research and Development 

The
 levosimendan  product in Phase
III clinical trial represents an in-process research and
development ( IPR D ) asset. The IPR D asset is
a research and development project rather than a product or process
already in service or being sold. Research and development
intangible assets are considered indefinite-lived until the
abandonment or completion of the associated research and
development efforts. If abandoned, the assets would be impaired.
Research and development expenditures that are incurred after the
acquisition, including those for completing the research and
development activities related to the acquired intangible research
and development assets, are generally expensed as
incurred. 

Patents and License Rights 

The Company
currently holds, has filed for, or owns exclusive rights to, U.S.
and worldwide patents covering 3 various methods and uses of its
perfluorocarbon ( PFC ) technology and one which covers
the methods and uses of its licensed drug, levosimendan, in
patients undergoing cardiac surgery.  It capitalizes amounts
paid to third parties for legal fees, application fees and other
direct costs incurred in the filing and prosecution of its patent
applications. These capitalized costs are amortized on a
straight-line method over their useful life or legal life,
whichever is shorter. The Company capitalized patent costs of
approximately $0 and $20,000, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

During
the quarter ended April 30, 2015, the Company completed its annual
impairment test of its patents and license rights. The Company
wrote-off approximately $929,000 of capitalized costs for patent
applications that were withdrawn or abandoned during the fiscal
year ended April 30, 2015. These asset impairment charges primarily
related to the Company s PFC formulations which were
determined not to be a core component of the Company s
development strategy. 

11 

Trademarks 

The
Company currently holds, or has filed for, trademarks to protect
the use of names and descriptions of its products and technology.
It capitalizes amounts paid to third parties for legal fees,
application fees and other direct costs incurred in the filing and
prosecution of its trademark applications. These trademarks are
evaluated annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350,
Intangibles   Goodwill and Other. The Company evaluates (i)
its expected use of the underlying asset, (ii) any laws,
regulations, or contracts that may limit the useful life, (iii) the
effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and stability of the
industry, and (iv) the level of costs to be incurred to
commercialize the underlying asset. The Company did not capitalize
any trademark costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

The
Company wrote-off trademark costs of approximately $106,000 for the
fiscal year ended April 30, 2015. These asset impairment charges
primarily related to the Company s PFC formulations which
were determined not to be a core component of the Company s
development strategy. 

NOTE
6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Simdax license agreement 

On November 13, 2013, the Company acquired, 
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Life Newco,  that certain  License Agreement (the
 License ), dated September 20, 2013 by and between
Phyxius and Orion Corporation, a global healthcare company
incorporated under the laws of Finland ( Orion ), and
that certain Side Letter, dated October 15, 2013 by and between
Phyxius and Orion. The License grants the Company  an exclusive, sublicenseable right to develop and
commercialize pharmaceutical products containing levosimendan (the
 Product ) in the United States and Canada (the
 Territory ) from Orion.  Pursuant to the
License, the Company must use Orion s
 Simdax   trademark to commercialize the
Product.  The License also grants to the Company a right
of first refusal to commercialize new developments of the Product,
including developments as to the formulation, presentation, means
of delivery, route of administration, dosage or
indication.  Orion s ongoing role under the License
includes sublicense approval, serving as the sole source of
manufacture, holding a first right to enforce intellectual property
rights in the Territory, and certain regulatory participation
rights.  Additionally, the Company must grant back to
Orion a broad non-exclusive license to any patents or clinical
trial data related to the Product developed by the Company under
the License.  The License has a fifteen (15) year term,
provided, however, that the License will continue after the end of
the fifteen-year term in each country in the Territory until the
expiration of Orion s patent rights in the Product in such
country.    

Pursuant to the terms of the License, the Company
paid to Orion a non-refundable up-front payment in the amount of
$1.0 million.  The License also includes the following
development milestones for which the Company shall make
non-refundable payments to Orion no later than twenty-eight (28)
days after the occurrence of the applicable milestone event: (i)
$2.0 million upon the grant of FDA approval, including all
registrations, licenses, authorizations and necessary approvals, to
develop and/or commercialize the Product in the United States; and
(ii) $1.0 million upon the grant of regulatory approval for the
Product in Canada. Once commercialized, the Company is obligated to
make certain non-refundable commercialization milestone payments to
Orion, aggregating up to $13.0 million, contingent upon achievement
of certain cumulative net sales amounts in the
Territory.  The Company must also pay Orion tiered
royalties based on net sales of the Product in the Territory made
by the Company and its sublicensees. After the end of the term of
the License, the Company must pay Orion a royalty based on net
sales of the Product in the Territory for as long as Life Newco
sells the Product in the Territory . 

As of
September 30, 2016, the Company has not met any of the
developmental milestones and, accordingly, has not recorded any
liability for the contingent payments due to Orion. 

Agreement with Virginia Commonwealth University 

In May
2008, the Company entered into a license agreement with Virginia
Commonwealth University ( VCU ) whereby it obtained a
worldwide, exclusive license to valid claims under three of VCU's
patent applications that relate to methods for non-pulmonary
delivery of oxygen to tissue and the products based on those valid
claims used or useful for therapeutic and diagnostic applications
in humans and animals. The license included the right to
sub-license to third parties. The term of the agreement was the
life of the patents covered by the patent applications unless the
Company elected to terminate the agreement prior to patent
expiration. Under the agreement the Company had an obligation to
diligently pursue product development and pursue, at its own
expense, prosecution of the patent applications covered by the
agreement. As part of the agreement, the Company was required to
pay to VCU non-refundable payments upon achieving development and
regulatory milestones. Prior to termination of the license
agreement, as discussed below, the Company had not met any of the
developmental milestones. 

12 

The
agreement with VCU also required the Company to pay royalties to
VCU at specified rates based on annual net sales derived from the
licensed technology. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company was
required make minimum annual royalty payments to VCU totaling
$70,000 as long as the agreement is in force. These payments were
fully creditable against royalty payments due for sales and
sublicense revenue earned during the fiscal year as described
above. In the prior year, this fee was recorded as an other current
asset and was amortized over the fiscal year. Amortization expense
was approximately $0 for each of the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015; and $0 and $23,500 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

In
September 2014, the Company discontinued the development of its PFC
product candidates. As part of this change in business strategy, on
May 5, 2015 the Company provided VCU its 90-day notice terminating
the license agreement entered into with VCU. The license agreement
gave the Company exclusive rights to intellectual property that was
used for the development and commercialization of its PFC product
candidates and was therefore no longer needed. 

NOTE 7.
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

Under
the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors is authorized, without further stockholder action, to
provide for the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, in one or more series, to
establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in
each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such series and the
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. As of
September 30, 2016, no shares of preferred stock are designated,
issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 

The
Company s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes it to issue
400,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock. As of
September 30, 2016, there were 28,119,934 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Warrants 

As of
September 30, 2016, the Company has 2,416,046 warrants
outstanding. 

The
following table summarizes the warrant activity for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016: 

2016 Stock Incentive Plan 

In June
2016, the Company adopted the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 2016 Plan ).  Under the 2016 Plan, with the
approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors,
the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares,
performance units, cash-based awards or other stock-based awards.
On June 16, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the
2016 Plan and authorized for issuance under the 2016 Plan a total
of 3,000,000 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2016, no
awards have been granted under the 2016 Plan. 

1999 Amended Stock Plan 

In
October 2000, the Company adopted the 1999 Stock Plan, as amended
and restated on June 17, 2008 (the  1999 Plan ).
Under the 1999 Plan, with the approval of the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors, the Company may grant stock
options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and new shares
of common stock upon exercise of stock options. On March 13, 2014,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 1999
Plan which increased the number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance under the 1999 Plan to a total of 4,000,000
shares, up from 300,000 previously authorized. On September 15,
2015, the Company s stockholders approved an additional
amendment to the 1999 Plan which increased the number of shares of
common stock authorized for issuance under the 1999 Plan to a total
of 5,000,000 shares, up from 4,000,000 previously authorized. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company had 934,500 shares of common stock
available for grant under the 1999 Plan. 

13 

The
following table summarizes the shares available for grant under the
1999 Plan for the nine months ended September 30,
2016: 

1999 Plan Stock Options 

Stock
options granted under the 1999 Plan may be either incentive stock
options ( ISOs ), or nonqualified stock options
( NSOs ). ISOs may be granted only to employees. NSOs
may be granted to employees, consultants and directors. Stock
options under the 1999 Plan may be granted with a term of up to ten
years and at prices no less than fair market value for ISOs and no
less than 85% of the fair market value for NSOs. Stock options
granted generally vest over one to three years. 

The
following table summarizes the outstanding stock options under the
1999 Plan for the nine months ended September 30,
2016: 

The
Company chose the  straight-line  attribution method
for allocating compensation costs of each stock option over the
requisite service period using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model to calculate the grant date fair value. 

The Company recorded compensation expense for these stock options
grants of $111,127 and $366,129 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. 

As of
September 30, 2016, there were unrecognized compensation costs of
approximately $298,000 related to non-vested stock option awards
that will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the weighted
average remaining vesting period of 1.09 years. Additionally, there
were unrecognized compensation costs of approximately $7.9 million
related to non-vested stock option awards subject to
performance-based vesting milestones with a weighted average
remaining life of 3.51 years. As of September 30, 2016, none of
these milestones have been achieved. 

14 

The
Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value
of options granted under its stock option plans for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 

The
risk-free interest rate assumption was based on U.S. Treasury
instruments with a term that is consistent with the expected term
of the Company s stock options. 

Expected Volatility 

The
expected stock price volatility for the Company s common
stock was determined by examining the historical volatility and
trading history for its common stock over a term consistent with
the expected term of its options. 

Expected Term 

The
expected term of stock options represents the weighted average
period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. It was
calculated based on the Company s historical experience with
its stock option grants. 

Expected Dividend Yield 

The
expected dividend yield of 0% is based on the Company s
history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has not
paid and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the near
future. 

Forfeitures 

Stock
compensation expense recognized in the statements of operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is based on
awards ultimately expected to vest, and it has been reduced for
estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated
at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent
periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.
Forfeitures were estimated based on the Company s historical
experience. 

Restricted Stock Grants 

The
following table summarizes the restricted stock grants under the
1999 Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 :  

15 

The Company recorded compensation expense for these restricted
stock grants of $439 and $1,417 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. 

As of
September 30, 2016, there were unrecognized compensation costs of
approximately $731 related to the non-vested restricted stock
grants that will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the
remaining vesting period of one year. 

Inducement Stock Options 

On
February 15, 2015, an employment inducement stock option award for
 25,000  shares of common stock
was made to the Company s chief medical officer. This
employment inducement stock option was awarded in accordance with
the employment inducement award exemption provided by NASDAQ Rule
5635(c)(4) and was therefore not awarded under the Company s
stockholder approved equity plan. The option award will vest over a
three-year period, with one-third vesting per year, beginning one
year from the grant date. The options have a 10-year term and an
exercise price of $3.22 per share, the February 13, 2015 closing
price of the Company s common stock. 

Inducement stock
option compensation expense was approximately $4,468 and $9,830 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $15,191 and $26,213 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At
September 30, 2016, there was $13,109 of remaining unrecognized
compensation expense related to the inducement stock options.
Inducement stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 had a
weighted average remaining contractual life of 8.38
years. 

The
estimated weighted average fair value per inducement option share
granted was  $ 2.57 in 2015 using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model based on market prices and the
following assumptions at the date of inducement option grant:
weighted average risk-free interest rate of 1.84 % , dividend yield of  0% , volatility factor for the
Company s common stock of 93.90 %  and a weighted average expected life of 7
years for inducement options not forfeited. 

16 

ITEM 2.  

  MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the  safe
harbor  created by those sections. Forward-looking statements
are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on
information currently available to them. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by words such as
 may,   will,   should, 
 could,   would,   expects, 
 plans,   anticipates, 
 believes,   estimates, 
 projects,   predicts, 
 potential  and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Examples of these statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the
implications of interim or final results of our clinical trials,
the progress of our research programs, including clinical testing,
the extent to which our issued and pending patents may protect our
products and technology, our ability to identify new product
candidates, the potential of such product candidates to lead to the
development of commercial products, our anticipated timing for
initiation or completion of our clinical trials for any of our
product candidates, our future operating expenses, our future
losses, our future expenditures for research and development, and
the sufficiency of our cash resources. Our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us and
described in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, Part I, Item 1A of our Transition Report on Form 10-KT, and
our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
SEC. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future
results may be materially different from those we expect. Except as
required by law, we assume no obligation to update these
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited  condensed 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in
Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with
the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes
thereto included as part of our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for
the transition period ended December 31, 2015. 

All references in this Quarterly Report to  Tenax
Therapeutics ,  we ,  our  and
 us  means Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. 

Overview 

Strategy 

We are
a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on identifying,
developing and commercializing drugs for critical care patients.
Our principal business objective is to acquire or discover,
develop, and commercialize novel therapeutic products for disease
indications that represent significant areas of clinical need and
commercial opportunity. Our lead product is levosimendan, which was
acquired in an asset purchase agreement with Phyxius Pharma, Inc.,
or Phyxius. Levosimendan is a calcium sensitizer developed for
intravenous use in hospitalized patients with acutely decompensated
heart failure. The treatment is currently approved in more than 60
countries for this indication. The United States Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, has granted Fast Track status for
levosimendan for the reduction of morbidity and mortality in
cardiac surgery patients at risk for developing Low Cardiac Output
Syndrome, or LCOS. In addition, the FDA has agreed to the
Phase III protocol design under Special Protocol Assessment, or
SPA, and provided guidance that a single successful trial will be
sufficient to support approval of levosimendan in this
indication. 

Our
current strategy is to: 

Efficiently conduct
clinical development to establish clinical proof of concept with
our lead product candidates; 

Efficiently explore
new high-potential therapeutic applications, leveraging third-party
research collaborations and our results from related
areas; 

Continue to expand
our intellectual property portfolio; and 

Enter into
licensing or product co-development arrangements in certain areas,
while out-licensing opportunities in non-core areas. 

We
believe that this strategy will allow us to develop a portfolio of
high quality product development opportunities, expand our clinical
development and commercialization capabilities, and enhance our
ability to generate value from our proprietary
technologies. 

17 

Third Quarter 2016 Highlights 

The
following summarizes certain key financial measures for the three
months ended September 30, 2016: 

Cash and cash
equivalents, including the fair-value of our marketable securities,
were $25.1 million at September 30, 2016. 

Our net loss from
operations was $4.3 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016
compared to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015. 

Net cash used in
operating activities was $4.3 million and $3.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

After
reviewing the endpoint data from the first 600 patients enrolled in
our Phase III LCOS clinical trial, we are now projecting that we
will need to enroll a total of 880 patients in the trial. The
increase in 120 patients over the initial projection of 760 is
necessary to obtain the 201 events needed to finish the trial. The
reason for the increase is due to several factors including,
approximately 4% of the patients randomized have not received the
study drug; approximately 4% of the patients enrolled are missing
end point data; and the event rate through the 600 patients is
slightly lower than anticipated. As of November 8, 2016, we have
enrolled 858 patients. At the current rate of enrollment, we expect
to complete enrollment by the end of November 2016. 

Opportunities and Trends 

We
initiated the Phase III trial for levosimendan and activated the
initial sites in the three months ended July 31, 2014. Duke
University s Duke Clinical Research Institute, or DCRI, is
conducting the Phase III trial. DCRI is the world s largest
academic clinical research organization, or CRO, with substantial
experience in conducting cardiac surgery trials. The DCRI is
serving as the coordinating center and Drs. John H. Alexander and
Rajendra Mehta are serving as lead investigators for this
trial. 

The
Phase III trial is being conducted in approximately 60 targeted
major cardiac surgery centers in North America.  The trial is
enrolling patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graph, or
CABG, and/or mitral valve surgery, CABG and aortic valve surgery
who are at risk for developing LCOS.  The trial is a double
blind, randomized, placebo controlled study designed to enroll
approximately 880 patients, up from the original projection for 760
patients. We enrolled our first patient on September 18, 2014,
and we anticipate enrollment will continue through the end of
November 2016. 

As we
focus on the development of our existing products and product
candidates, we also continue to position ourselves to execute upon
licensing and other partnering opportunities. To do so, we will
need to continue to maintain our strategic direction, manage and
deploy our available cash efficiently and strengthen our
collaborative research development and partner
relationships. 

During
the remainder of calendar year 2016 and into calendar year 2017, we
are focused on the following four key initiatives: 

Conducting
well-designed studies early in the clinical development process to
establish a robust foundation for subsequent development,
partnership and expansion into complementary areas; 

Working with
collaborators and partners to accelerate product development,
reduce our development costs, and broaden our commercialization
capabilities; 

Gaining regulatory
approval for the continued development and commercialization of our
products in the United States; and 

Developing new
intellectual property to enable us to file patent applications that
cover new applications of our existing technologies and product
candidates. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and
Estimates 

There
have been no significant changes in critical accounting policies,
as compared to the critical accounting policies described in
  Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   Summary of Significant 
 Accounting Policies  
in our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the transition period
ended December 31, 2015. 

18 

Financial Overview 

Results of Operations- Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation for
executive, finance, legal and administrative personnel, including
stock-based compensation. Other general and administrative expenses
include facility costs not otherwise included in research and
development expenses, legal and accounting services, other
professional services, and consulting fees. General and
administrative expenses and percentage changes for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are as
follows: 

Personnel costs: 

Personnel costs
increased approximately $35,000 for the three  months ended September 30, 2016  compared to
the same period in the prior year. The increase was due primarily
to an increase of approximately $70,000 in the recognized expense
for the vesting of outstanding stock option awards, partially
offset by an overall decrease of approximately $35,000 in salaries
and benefits paid during the current period as compared to the same
period in the prior year. 

Legal and professional fees: 

Legal
and professional fees consist of the costs incurred for legal fees,
accounting fees, consulting fees, recruiting costs and investor
relations services, as well as fees paid to our Board of Directors.
Legal and professional fees decreased approximately $109,000 for
the  three months ended September 30,
2016  compared to the same period in the prior year. This
decrease was primarily due to a reduction in costs incurred for
investor relations services, legal fees and accounting fees,
partially offset by an increase in consulting costs. 

- 

  Costs associated
with investor relations and communication decreased approximately
$46,000 in the current period. This decrease was due primarily to
fees paid in the prior year to a third-party investor relations
firm that is no longer providing marketing and corporate
communications services to us in the current period, as well as the
costs incurred for conferences and presentations during the same
period in the prior year. 

- 

  Legal fees and
accounting fees combined decreased in the current period by
approximately $95,000. This decrease was due primarily to
additional costs incurred in the prior year related to our filing
of a Form 10-KT to transition to a calendar year filer which were
not incurred in the current period. 

- 

  Consulting costs
increased approximately $48,000 in the current period. The increase
in costs was due primarily to services performed for market
research and channel strategy and implementation which were not
incurred during the same period in the prior year. 

Other costs: 

Other
costs include costs incurred for banking fees, travel, supplies,
insurance, taxes and licenses and other miscellaneous charges. The
approximately $76,000 decrease in other costs for the  three months ended September 30, 2016  was
due primarily to an approximately $35,000 decrease in franchise
taxes paid and an approximately $33,000 decrease in expenses
related to bank fees, supplies and shipping, as compared to the
same period in the prior year. 

Facilities: 

Facilities costs
include costs paid for rent and utilities at our corporate
headquarters in North Carolina. Facilities costs remained
relatively consistent for the three months  ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.  

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Depreciation and
amortization costs remained relatively consistent for the three
months  ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.  

19 

Research and Development
Expenses   

Research and
development expenses include, but are not limited to,
(i) expenses incurred under agreements with CROs and
investigative sites, which conduct our clinical trials and a
substantial portion of our pre-clinical studies; (ii) the cost
of manufacturing and supplying clinical trial materials;
(iii) payments to contract service organizations, as well as
consultants; (iv) employee-related expenses, which include
salaries and benefits; and (v) facilities, depreciation and
other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated
expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and equipment,
depreciation of leasehold improvements, equipment, laboratory and
other supplies. All research and development expenses are expensed
as incurred. Research and development expenses and percentage
changes for the  three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively , are as
follows: 

Clinical and preclinical development: 

Clinical and
preclinical development costs include, primarily, the costs
associated with our Phase III clinical trial for levosimendan and,
in previous years, a Phase II clinical trial and preclinical trials
for Oxycyte. The increase of approximately $1.6 million in clinical
and preclinical development costs for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year,
was primarily due to increased expenditures for CRO costs to manage
the Levo-CTS Phase III clinical trial. 

Levosimendan 

We
incurred approximately $3.0 million in research and development
costs for levosimendan during the three months ended September 30,
2016, an increase of approximately $1.6 million compared to the
same period in the prior year. The increase in levosimendan
development costs is due primarily to the direct costs of our Phase
III Levo-CTS clinical trial for LCOS. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we recorded CRO costs of approximately $3.0
million for the management of the Phase III trial which includes
approximately $1.2 million in pass-through site activation and
enrolled patient costs, compared to CRO costs of approximately $1.4
million during the same period in the prior year. 

Personnel costs: 

Personnel costs
increased approximately $58,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.
This increase was primarily due to headcount additions during the
period to support the clinical development of
levosimendan. 

Consulting fees: 

Consulting fees
decreased approximately $65,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.
This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of approximately
$82,000 in fees paid to a third-party consulting firm for services
provided to improve training and communication with active sites in
support of our Phase III Levo-CTS clinical trial, partially offset
by approximately $20,000 in costs incurred for potential future
regulatory filings. 

Other costs: 

Other
costs remained relatively consistent for the three months
 ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 . 

Conducting a
significant amount of research and development is central to our
business model. Product candidates in later-stage clinical
development generally have higher development costs than those in
earlier stages of development, primarily due to the significantly
increased size and duration of clinical trials. We plan to incur
substantial research and development expenses for the foreseeable
future to complete development of our most advanced product
candidate, levosimendan, and to continue with the development of
other potential product candidates. 

20 

The
process of conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials
necessary to obtain approval from the FDA is costly and time
consuming. The probability of success for each product candidate
and clinical trial may be affected by a variety of factors,
including, among other things, the quality of the product
candidate s early clinical data, investment in the program,
competition, manufacturing capabilities and commercial viability.
Because of the uncertainties discussed above, uncertainty
associated with clinical trial enrollment and risks inherent in the
development process, we are unable to determine the duration and
completion costs of current or future clinical stages of our
product candidates or when, or to what extent, we will generate
revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product
candidates. Development timelines, probability of success and
development costs vary widely. We are currently focused on
developing our most advanced product candidate, levosimendan;
however, we will need substantial additional capital in the future
to complete the development and potential commercialization of
levosimendan, and to continue with the development of other
potential product candidates. 

Other income, net 

Other
income includes non-operating income and expense items not
otherwise recorded in our  condensed  consolidated statement of
 comprehensive loss . These items
include, but are not limited to, changes in the fair value of
financial assets and derivative liabilities, interest income earned
and fixed asset disposals. Other income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is as
follows: 

Other
income increased approximately $43,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.
This increase is due primarily to an approximately $74,000 gain on
the disposal of fixed assets previously used in the manufacturing
of Oxycyte, partially offset by the change in fair value of our
Series C warrant derivative liability and a decrease in interest
income earned in the current period as compared to the same period
in the prior year. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016,
we recorded a derivative gain of approximately $60,000 which
compared to a derivative gain of approximately $69,000 for the same
period in the prior year. These charges to income are derived from
the free-standing Series C warrants which are measured at their
fair market value each period using the Monte Carlo simulation
model . 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded interest
income of approximately $92,000 from our investments in marketable
securities. This income is derived from approximately $229,000 in
bond interest paid, partially offset by approximately $137,000 in
charges for amortization of premiums paid and fair-value
adjustments measured each period, which compares to approximately
$321,000 in bond interest paid, partially offset by approximately
$207,000 in charges for amortization of premiums paid and
fair-value adjustments during the same period in the prior
year. 

Results of Operations- Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses and percentage changes for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are as
follows: 

21 

Personnel costs: 

Personnel costs
decreased approximately $331,000 for the nine months  ended September 30, 2016  compared to the
same period in the prior year. The decrease was due primarily to
approximately $525,000 in bonuses paid in the prior year as well as
an overall decrease of approximately $19,000 in salaries and
benefits paid during the current period, partially offset by an
increase of approximately $213,000 in the recognized expense for
the vesting of outstanding stock option awards as compared to the
same period in the prior year. 

Legal and professional fees: 

Legal
and professional fees decreased approximately $129,000 for the
 nine months ended September 30,
2016  compared to the same period in the prior year. This
decrease was primarily due to a reduction in costs incurred for
investor relations services, legal fees and accounting fees,
partially offset by an increase in consulting costs. 

- 

  Costs associated
with investor relations and communication decreased approximately
$219,000 in the current period. This decrease was due primarily to
fees paid in the prior year to a third-party investor relations
firm that is no longer providing marketing and corporate
communications services to us in the current period, as well as the
costs incurred for conferences and presentations during the same
period in the prior year. 

- 

  Legal fees and
accounting fees combined decreased in the current period by
approximately $68,000. This decrease was due primarily to
additional costs incurred in the prior year related to our filing
of a Form 10-KT to transition to a calendar year filer which were
not incurred in the current period. 

- 

  Consulting costs
increased approximately $231,000 in the current period. The
increase in costs was due primarily to services performed for
market research and channel strategy and implementation which were
not incurred during the same period in the prior year. 

Other costs: 

The
approximately $194,000 decrease in other costs for the  nine months ended September 30, 2016  was
due primarily to an approximately $185,000 decrease in franchise
taxes paid and $19,000 banking fees, partially offset by an
increase of approximately $31,000 in insurance costs, as compared
to the same period in the prior year. 

Facilities: 

Facilities costs
remained relatively consistent for the nine months  ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 . 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Depreciation and
amortization costs decreased approximately $45,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year. The decrease in costs was due primarily to amortization
costs incurred in the same period of the prior year on our
PFC-based intellectual property portfolio that was fully impaired
as of April 30, 2015 .  

Research and Development
Expenses   

Research and
development expenses and percentage changes for the  nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively , are as follows: 

22 

Clinical and preclinical development: 

The
increase of approximately $5.0 million in clinical and preclinical
development costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the same period in the prior year, was primarily due to
increased expenditures for CRO costs to manage the Levo-CTS Phase
III clinical trial, partially offset by a reduction in costs
incurred in the current period for the development and clinical
testing of Oxycyte, which development we decided to suspend in
September 2014. 

Levosimendan 

We
incurred approximately $9.6 million in research and development
costs for levosimendan during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, an increase of approximately $5.6 million compared to the
same period in the prior year. The increase in levosimendan
development costs is due primarily to the direct costs of our Phase
III Levo-CTS clinical trial for LCOS. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we recorded CRO costs of approximately $9.6
million for the management of the Phase III trial which includes
approximately $4.5 million in pass-through site activation and
enrolled patient costs, compared to CRO costs of approximately $4.0
million during the same period in the prior year. 

Oxycyte 

We
incurred approximately $4,000 in research and development costs for
Oxycyte during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease
of approximately $577,000 compared to the same period in the prior
year. The decrease in Oxycyte development costs was due to our
decision to suspend development of the Oxycyte product in September
2014 and close out all our sites for the Phase II-B clinical trial
for TBI. We do not anticipate any significant additional costs in
the future related to this clinical trial or other close-out
activities related to the discontinuance of the Oxycyte product
development. 

Consulting fees: 

Consulting fees
increased approximately $345,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to an increase in fees paid to a third-party
consulting firm for services provided to improve training and
communication with active sites in support of our Phase III
Levo-CTS clinical trial as well as fees paid for pharmacokinetic
study analysis and LCOS and septic shock cost and incidence
studies. 

Personnel costs: 

Personnel costs
increased approximately $75,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. This
increase was primarily due to headcount additions during the period
to support the clinical development of levosimendan, partially
offset by bonuses of approximately $15,000 recorded during the same
period of the prior year. 

Other costs: 

Other
costs decreased approximately $16,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.
This decrease was due primarily to depreciation of lab equipment
that was written off and disposed of on April 30, 2015 as well as
other lab related costs during the same period in the prior
year. 

Other income, net 

Other
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, is as follows: 

23 

Other
income increased approximately $33,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.
This increase is due to primarily to a gain of approximately
$74,000 on the disposal of fixed assets previously used in the
manufacturing of Oxycyte, partially offset by the change in fair
value of our Series C warrant derivative liability and a decrease
in interest income earned in the current period as compared to the
same period in the prior year. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we recorded a derivative gain of approximately $214,000 which
compared to a derivative gain of approximately $209,000 for the
same period in the prior year. These charges to income are derived
from the free-standing Series C warrants which are measured at
their fair market value each period using the Monte Carlo
simulation model . 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded interest
income of approximately $310,000 from our investments in marketable
securities. This income is derived from approximately $816,000 in
bond interest paid, partially offset by approximately $506,000 in
charges for amortization of premiums paid and fair-value
adjustments measured each period, which compares to approximately
$1.0 million in bond interest paid, partially offset by
approximately $650,000 in charges for amortization of premiums paid
and fair-value adjustments during the same period in the prior
year. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Plan of Operation 

We have
incurred losses since our inception and as of September 30, 2016 we
had an accumulated deficit of $175 million. We will continue to
incur losses until we generate sufficient revenue to offset our
expenses, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur net
losses for at least the next several years. We expect to incur
increased expenses related to our development and potential
commercialization of levosimendan and other product candidates and,
thus, we will need to generate significant net product sales,
royalty and other revenues to achieve profitability. 

Liquidity 

We have
financed our operations since September 1990 through the issuance
of debt and equity securities and loans from stockholders. We had
$7,667,083 and $20,560,353 of total current assets and working
capital of $2,610,055 and $15,958,723 as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. Based on our working capital and
the value of our investments in marketable securities at September
30, 2016, we believe we have sufficient capital to fund our
operations through calendar year 2017. 

We are
in the clinical trial stages in the development of our product
candidates. We are currently conducting a Phase III clinical trial
for levosimendan, and we expect our primary focus will be on
funding the Phase III clinical trial for levosimendan, since this
product is the furthest along in the regulatory review process. Our
ability to continue to pursue testing and development of our
products beyond calendar year 2017 depends on obtaining license
income or outside financial resources. There is no assurance that
we will obtain any license agreement or outside financing or that
we will otherwise succeed in obtaining the necessary
resources. 

Cash Flows 

The
following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

24 

Net cash used in operating activities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $12.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
net cash used in operating activities of approximately $8.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash
used for operating activities was due primarily to an increase in
our costs incurred for the Phase III clinical trial for
levosimendan. 

Net cash provided by investing
activities . Net cash provided by investing activities
was approximately $9.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to approximately $64,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash provided by
investing activities was primarily due the sale of marketable
securities that were purchased during the same period of the prior
year. 

Net cash used in financing
activities . Net cash used in financing activities was
$0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
approximately $151,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease of approximately $151,000 in net cash used by
financing activities was due primarily to  the payment of a note in the prior
year . 

Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requirements 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors that
include, but are not limited to the following: 

the initiation,
progress, timing and completion of clinical trials for our product
candidates and potential product candidates; 

the outcome, timing
and cost of regulatory approvals and the regulatory approval
process; 

delays that may be
caused by changing regulatory requirements; 

the number of
product candidates that we pursue; 

the costs involved
in filing and prosecuting patent applications and enforcing and
defending patent claims; 

the timing and
terms of future in-licensing and out-licensing
transactions; 

the cost and timing
of establishing sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution
capabilities; 

the cost of
procuring clinical and commercial supplies of our product
candidates; 

the extent to which
we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies;
and 

the possible costs
of litigation. 

We
believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, along with our
investment in marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our
projected operating requirements through calendar year 2017. We
will need substantial additional capital in the future to complete
the development and commercialization of levosimendan and to fund
the development and commercialization of other future product
candidates. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product
revenue, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate
collaboration and licensing arrangements. Such funding, if needed,
may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. In the event we
are unable to obtain additional capital, we may delay or reduce the
scope of our current research and development programs and other
expenses. 

To the
extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders may experience additional significant dilution,
and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive
covenants. To the extent that we raise additional funds through
collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to
relinquish some rights to our technologies or our product
candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to
us. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets
whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an
immediate need for additional capital. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with GAAP. For information regarding our critical accounting
policies and estimates, please refer to  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
contained in our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the transition
period ended December 31, 2015. There have not been material
changes to the critical accounting policies previously disclosed in
that report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June
2016,  the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, or  FASB, issued a new accounting standard
that amends how credit losses are measured and reported for certain
financial instruments that are not accounted for at fair value
through net income. This new standard will require that credit
losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down for
available-for-sale debt securities and will be effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning January 1,
2020, with early adoption permitted, but not earlier than annual
reporting periods beginning January 1, 2019. A modified
retrospective approach is to be used for certain parts of this
guidance, while other parts of the guidance are to be applied using
a prospective approach. We are currently evaluating the impact that
this new standard will have on our  condensed consolidated financial statements and
related disclosures . 

25 

In
March 2016,  the FASB  issued a
new accounting standard intended to simplify various aspects
related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented
in the financial statements.   The
new guidance includes provisions to reduce the complexity related
to income taxes, statement of cash flows, and forfeitures when
accounting for share-based payment transactions. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this new
standard will have on our  condensed
consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures . 

In May 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting
standard that supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance under GAAP. The new standard is principles-based and
provides a five-step model to determine when and how revenue is
recognized. The core principle of the new standard is that revenue
should be recognized when a company transfers promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. In March 2016, the FASB issued a new standard to 
clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent
considerations, and in April 2016, the FASB issued a new standard
to clarify the implementation guidance on identifying performance
obligations and licensing.  The new
standard also requires disclosure of qualitative and quantitative
information surrounding the amount, nature, timing and uncertainty
of revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
In July 2015, the FASB agreed to defer the effective date of the
standard from annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, to
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with an option
that permits companies to adopt the standard as early as the
original effective date. Early application prior to the original
effective date is not permitted. The standard permits the use of
either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We
have not yet selected a transition method and we do not believe
adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our
condensed consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures . 

In
February 2016, the FASB, issued a new accounting standard intended
to improve financial reporting regarding leasing transactions. The
new standard will require us to recognize on our balance sheet the
assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by
all leased assets. The new standard will also require it to provide
enhanced disclosures designed to enable users of financial
statements to understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of
cash flows arising from all leases, operating and capital, with
lease terms greater than 12 months. The new standard is effective
for financial statements beginning after December 15, 2018, and
interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this new
standard will have on our financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In
January 2016, the FASB issued a new accounting standard that will
enhance our reporting for financial instruments. The new standard
is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
annual periods. Earlier adoption is permitted for interim and
annual reporting periods as of the beginning of the fiscal year of
adoption. We do not believe the adoption of this standard will have
a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Contractual Obligations 

There
have been no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of
business, to our contractual obligations as previously disclosed in
our transition report on Form 10-KT for the transition period ended
December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Since
our inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet
arrangements, including the use of structured finance, special
purpose entities or variable interest entities. 

ITEM 3.  

  QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

There
have been no material changes to our quantitative and qualitative
disclosures about market risk as compared to the quantitative and
qualitative disclosures about market risk described in our
 transition report on Form 10-KT for
the transition period ended December 31, 2015 . 

26 

ITEM 4.                        

  CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
promulgated under the Exchange Act, our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an
evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e).
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016, the end of the
period covered by this report in that they provide reasonable
assurance that the information we are required to disclose in the
reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required
by the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no significant changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We routinely
review our internal controls over financial reporting and from time
to time make changes intended to enhance the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to
evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures and internal controls over financial reporting on an
ongoing basis and will take action as appropriate. 

27 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  

  LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party
or to which any of our property is subject. 

ITEM 1A.  

  RISK
FACTORS 

The
risks we face have not materially changed from those disclosed in
our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the transition period ended
December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.  

  UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Repurchases of Common Stock 

The
following table lists all repurchases during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 of any of our securities registered under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act by or on behalf of us or any
affiliated purchaser. 

(1) 

  Represents shares
repurchased in connection with tax withholding obligations under
the 1999 Amended Stock Plan. 

(2) 

  Represents the
average price paid per share for the shares repurchased in
connection with tax withholding obligations under the 1999 Amended
Stock Plan. 

ITEM 5.  

  OTHER
INFORMATION 

On
October 31, 2016, Paula Bokesch, M.D. voluntarily resigned from her
position as Chief Medical Officer, effective November 5,
2016. 

ITEM 6.  

  EXHIBITS 

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying exhibit index are filed as part
of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and such exhibit index is
incorporated by reference herein. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TENAX
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date: November 9,
2016 

By:   

/s/  
 Michael
B. Jebsen   

Michael B.
Jebsen 

Chief Financial
Officer 
 
 (On
behalf of the Registrant and as Principal Financial
Officer) 

29 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

No. 

Description 

31.1  

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002. * 

31.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002. * 

32.1  

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
* 

32.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
* 

101.INS 

XBRL
Instance Document * 

101.SCH 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document * 

101.CAL 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document * 

101.DEF 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document * 

101.LAB 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document * 

101.PRE 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * 

* Filed
herewith 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tenx_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, John
P. Kelley, certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tenax Therapeutics,
Inc.; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) 

  designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

  designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 

  evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

  disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

  all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 

  any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9,
2016 

By:   

/s/  
 John
P. Kelley 

John
P. Kelley  

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tenx_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I,
Michael B. Jebsen, certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tenax Therapeutics,
Inc.; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) 

  designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

  designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 

  evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) 

  disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. 

  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

  all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 

  any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 9, 2016  
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Michael B.
Jebsen 

Michael B.
Jebsen  

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tenx_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John
P. Kelley, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of
the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9,
2016 

By:   

/s/  
 John
P. Kelley 

John
P. Kelley  

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the
Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the
date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in
such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request  . 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tenx_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Tenax Therapeutics, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,
Michael B. Jebsen, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer) of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company. 

Date:
November 9, 2016  
 
  By:   

/s/  
 Michael B.
Jebsen 

Michael B.
Jebsen  

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the
Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the
date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in
such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request 
  . 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tenx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tenx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tenx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tenx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tenx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tenx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

