<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_75340_0001144204-16-133844_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4354449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98571</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252609</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1013634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1963207</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>919613</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>70</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133844.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114105321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133844
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			P&F INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075340
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METALWORKING MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3540]
		IRS NUMBER:				221657413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05332
		FILM NUMBER:		161991989

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631)694-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLASTICS & FIBERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133844.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452029_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from                 to  

Commission File Number 1 - 5332  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (631) 694-9800  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x     No

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x
   No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company     x    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting 
company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No  x  

As o f
November 11, 2016 there were 3,597,870 shares of the registr ant s Class A Common Stock outstanding.   

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
     1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     1  

Consolidated
    Statements of  Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30,
    2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     3  

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     7  

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     21  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     32  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     32  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
     33  

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
     33  

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     33  

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     33  

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     33  

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
     33  

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
     33  

Signature   
     34  

Exhibit Index   
     35  

i  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.                Financial
Statements  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements (unaudited). 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)  

NOTE 1 - BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, these interim financial statements
do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the management
of the Company, as defined below, these unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary to present
fairly the information set forth therein. All such adjustments, except for those adjustments relating to discontinued operations
are of a normal recurring nature. Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for a full
year. 

The consolidated balance
sheet information as of December 31, 2015 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015 Form 10-K ). The interim financial
statements contained herein should be read in conjunction with the 2015 Form 10-K. 

The consolidated financial
statements have been reported in U.S. dollars by translating asset and liability amounts of a foreign wholly-owned subsidiary at
the closing exchange rate, equity amounts at historical rates and the results of operations and cash flow at the average of the
prevailing exchange rates during the periods reported. As a result, the Company is exposed to foreign currency translation gains
or losses. These gains or losses are presented in the Company s consolidated financial statements as  Other comprehensive
loss  - foreign currency translation adjustment . 

Principles of Consolidation  

The unaudited consolidated
financial statements contained herein include the accounts of P F Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries, ( P F 
or the  Company ). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been reclassified to conform to classifications used in the current year.
The reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or retained earnings. 

The Company  

P F is a Delaware corporation
incorporated on April 19, 1963. Prior to February 11, 2016, the effective date of the sale of its Nationwide Industries, Inc. ( Nationwide )
subsidiary, P F operated in two primary lines of business or segments: (i) tools and other products ( Tools ) and
(ii) hardware and accessories ( Hardware ). As a result of the sale of Nationwide, the Company currently only operates
in the Tools segment. See Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

Tools   

The Company conducts its
Tools business through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Continental Tool Group, Inc. ( Continental ), which in turn operates
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation ( Florida Pneumatic ) and Hy-Tech
Machine, Inc. ( Hy-Tech ). Exhaust Technologies Inc. ( ETI ) and Universal Air Tool Company Limited ( UAT )
are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Florida Pneumatic. The business of Air Tool Service Company ( ATSCO ) operates through
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech. 

Florida Pneumatic is engaged
in the importation and sale of pneumatic hand tools, primarily for the retail, industrial and automotive markets, and the importation
and sale of compressor air filters.  Florida Pneumatic also markets, through its Berkley Tool division ( Berkley ),
a product line which includes pipe and bolt dies, pipe taps, wrenches, vises and stands, pipe and tubing cutting equipment, hydrostatic
test pumps, and replacement electrical components for a widely-used brand of pipe cutting and threading machines.  

Hy-Tech manufactures and
distributes its own line of industrial pneumatic tools. Hy-Tech also produces and markets impact wrenches, grinders, drills, and
motors. Further, it also manufactures tools to customer specifications. Its customers include refineries, chemical plants, power
generation facilities, heavy construction enterprises, oil and gas and mining companies. In addition, Hy-Tech manufactures an extensive
line of pneumatic tool replacement parts that are sold to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ). It also manufactures
and distributes high pressure stoppers for hydrostatic testing fabricated pipe, gears, sprockets, splines and racks and produces
a line of siphons. 

Hardware   

Prior to the sale of Nationwide,
which was effective February 11, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company conducted its Hardware business through its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Countrywide Hardware, Inc. ( Countrywide ). Countrywide conducted its business operations
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nationwide. As of the Closing Date, Nationwide was an importer and manufacturer of door, window
and fencing hardware and accessories, including rollers, hinges, window operators, sash locks, custom zinc castings and door closers.
On the Closing Date, Countrywide sold Nationwide to an unrelated third party for approximately $22.2 million. See Note 2 to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further discussion. 

Management Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in those financial statements.  Certain significant accounting
policies that contain subjective management estimates and assumptions include those related to revenue recognition, inventory,
goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, income taxes and deferred taxes.  Descriptions of these policies
are discussed in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K.  Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and makes adjustments when facts
and circumstances dictate.  As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.  Significant changes, if any, in those estimates resulting
from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. 

Assets Held for Sale  

The Company classifies
assets as held for sale when specific criteria have been met. Assets classified as held for sale are recorded at the lower of the
carrying value or the estimated fair value less cost to sell those assets. We cease depreciation and amortization of the assets
in the period they are considered held for sale. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements   

Not Yet Adopted   

In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .
The standard reduces complexity in several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based compensation, including the income
tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.
The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

I n
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases . This ASU is a comprehensive new leases standard that amends various
aspects of existing guidance for leases and requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. It will require companies
to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP.
Topic 842 retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between
finance leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital
leases and operating leases in the previous leases guidance. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years; earlier adoption is permitted. In the financial statements in which
the ASU is first applied, leases shall be measured and recognized at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
with an adjustment to equity. Practical expedients are available for election as a package and if applied consistently to all
leases. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.   

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes existing accounting standards for revenue
recognition and creates a single framework. The new guidance requires either a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach
at adoption. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the Company's fiscal year that begins on April 1, 2017 (the original
effective date of the ASU). Additional updates to Topic 606 issued by the FASB in 2015 and 2016 include the following: 

ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
    606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date of the new guidance such that the new provisions
    will now be required for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017.   

ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
    606): Principal versus Agent Considerations , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
    (reporting revenue gross versus net).    

ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
    606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensin g, which clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance
    obligations and classifying licensing arrangements.    

ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
    606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which clarifies the implementation guidance in a number of other
    areas.    

The Company is currently in
the process of assessing the impact the adoption of the new revenue standards will have on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures, as well as the available transition methods. 

In July 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU
2015-11 ).  The standard simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring inventory to be
measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value for entities using the first-in-first out method of valuing
inventory.  ASU 2015-11 eliminates other measures required by current guidance to determine net realizable
value.  ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within
those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company has not early adopted ASU 2015-11 and does not
expect the new guidance to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements when adopted for fiscal 2017 and
beyond. 

There are currently no other
accounting standards that have been issued that will have a significant impact on the Company s financial position, results
of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 

Recently Adopted    

In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 is aimed at reducing complexity in accounting
standards. Currently, GAAP requires the deferred taxes for each jurisdiction to be presented as a net current asset or liability
and net noncurrent asset or liability. This requires a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction analysis based on the classification of the
assets and liabilities to which the underlying temporary differences relate, or, in the case of loss or credit carryforwards, based
on the period in which the attribute is expected to be realized. Any valuation allowance is then required to be allocated on a
pro rata basis, by jurisdiction, between current and noncurrent deferred tax assets. To simplify presentation, the new guidance
requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent
on the balance sheet. As a result, each jurisdiction will now only have one net noncurrent deferred tax asset or liability. The
guidance does not change the existing requirement that only permits offsetting within a jurisdiction; companies are still prohibited
from offsetting deferred tax liabilities from one jurisdiction against deferred tax assets of another jurisdiction. The new guidance
is effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years, with early adoption
permitted. The Company early adopted and applied the new standard retrospectively to the prior period presented in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

The Company reported Deferred
income taxes-net in its 2015 Form 10-K as Current assets of $1,131,000. After adoption of this ASU, and giving effect to the sale
of Nationwide, discussed in Note 2, the Company now presents $229,000 of deferred tax assets being included in the Current assets
from discontinued operations, and the balance of $902,000 included net against the long-term deferred income tax liability. 

In April 2015, the FASB
issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  
(ASU 2015-03). The update requires that deferred debt issuance costs be reported as a reduction to long-term debt (previously reported
in other noncurrent assets). The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016 and for all retrospective periods, as
required. The impact of the adoption was not material to our consolidated financial statements, and is discussed further in Note
9.  

NOTE 2   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

The Company, as part of
its strategic plan, which is to focus on expanding its position in the power-tool and accessories market, sold Nationwide. On the
Closing Date, P F, Countrywide, Nationwide and Argosy NWI Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Buyer ),
entered into a Stock Purchase and Redemption Agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other
things, after giving effect to certain contributions and redemptions of Nationwide s common shares ( Nationwide Shares ),
the Buyer acquired all of the outstanding Nationwide Shares from Countrywide (the  Acquisition ). The purchase price
for the Nationwide Shares acquired in the Acquisition was approximately $22,200,000, before giving effect to an estimated working
capital adjustment, as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement, of approximately $802,000. Further, in accordance with the Stock
Purchase Agreement, the Company placed into escrow $1,955,000 ( escrow funds ), of which $250,000 related to the final
working capital adjustment. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the final working capital amount was determined
to be approximately $75,000 in the Company s favor. As a result, during the three-month period ended June 30, 2016, the $250,000
portion of the escrow funds was released to the Company, and the final working capital adjustment amount of $75,000 was paid to
the Company by the Buyer. The Stock Purchase Agreement also requires Countrywide, under certain circumstances, to contribute an
additional $400,000 into escrow. After paying closing costs, the net cash received from the Buyer was approximately $18.7 million. 

The remaining $1,705,000
of the escrow funds, which is classified as Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheet, is intended to be released eighteen months from the Closing Date, which is August 2017, less any claims made against these
escrow funds, in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company believes that these escrow funds are highly collectible,
and that it is more likely than not that with respect to any or all such potential claims made against the Company, these claims
will not exceed the minimum dollar threshold amount of $150,000 required under the Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company has therefore
included the full amount of the $1,705,000 portion of the escrow funds in its gain on sale of Nationwide. Should claims made against
the Company pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement exceed the minimum threshold, then to the extent such claims are resolved
in favor of the Buyer under the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the total amount of such claims will be recorded as a loss
on sale of Nationwide in future periods. 

As Nationwide was a substantial and unique business
unit of the Company, its sale was a strategic shift. Accordingly, in accordance with Accounting Standard Code Topic 360, the Company
has classified Nationwide as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

Net income from
discontinued operations, net of taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)
Income, is comprised of the following: 

The components of discontinued operations in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheet are as follows: 

On the Closing Date, the
Company and the president of Nationwide, entered into a purchase agreement pursuant to which, among other things the Company acquired
30,000 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock ( Common Stock ) at the aggregate purchase price of $254,940
and options to acquire 6,667 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an aggregate price of $16,597. 

Effective as of the Closing
Date, Countrywide, as landlord, and Nationwide, as tenant, entered into a new lease relating to the Tampa, Florida real property
(the  Premises ). The lease provides for, among other things, a seven-year term commencing on the Closing Date and
an annual base rent of approximately $252,000 with annual escalations. The lease also provides that the tenant will pay certain
taxes and operating expenses associated with the Premises. The lease replaces the previous lease between Countrywide and Nationwide.  

Lastly, effective as of
the Closing Date, Countrywide and Nationwide entered into an Option and Right of First Refusal Agreement relating to the Premises,
pursuant to which Countrywide granted a purchase option to Nationwide relating to the Premises if such option is initiated within
60 days following the Closing Date, which has since lapsed. In addition, Countrywide granted to Nationwide a right of first refusal
relating to certain offers made by third parties during the five-year period following the Closing Date. 

The Company recognized a gain of $12,185,000, on the sale of Nationwide during the three-month period
ended March 31, 2016, which represents the difference between the adjusted net purchase price and the carrying book value of Nationwide.
During the three-month period ended June 30, 2016 the Company incurred an additional $14,000 in expenses related to the sale. For
income tax purposes, the Company s tax basis in Nationwide was greater than the net proceeds, thus resulting in a tax loss.
This tax loss may only be applied against future capital gain transactions.  During the three-month period ended March 31,
2016, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $141,000, net of a valuation allowance against the gain on sale.  Subsequent to
September 30, 2016, Countrywide completed the sale of the Premises, which is treated as a capital gain transaction for tax purposes. 
As a result, during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company removed the valuation allowance initially recorded
against the tax loss, resulting in an additional $187,000 tax benefit recorded against the gain on sale.  See Note 12-Subsequent
Events, for further discussion. 

NOTE 3 - (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic (loss) earnings per
common share is based only on the average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding for the periods. Diluted (loss) earnings
per common share reflects the effect of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options, unless the effect on earnings
is antidilutive. 

Diluted (loss) earnings
per common share is computed using the treasury stock method. Under this method, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding reflects the assumed use of proceeds from the hypothetical exercise of any outstanding options to purchase shares of
Common Stock. The average market value for the period is used as the assumed purchase price. 

The following table sets
forth the elements of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per common share: 

(1)    
Dilutive securities consist of  in the money  stock options. 

At September 30,
2016 and 2015 and during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were outstanding stock options
whose exercise prices were higher than the average market values of the underlying Common Stock for the period. Options for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are anti-dilutive and are excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced a net loss from continuing
operations, as such, these options were not included in the computation of diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing
operations. The weighted average of anti-dilutive stock options outstanding was as follows: 

NOTE 4 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

In connection with an equity restructuring event, which occurred during the three-month period ended March
31, 2016 relating to a special dividend granted by the Company, the Company modified all previously issued outstanding options
to purchase its Common Stock. This modification resulted in an aggregate increase of 19,174 options. The Company did not record
any compensation expense in connection with the issuance of these options, as the issuance was made as the result of an equity
restructuring event. Other than the aforementioned issuance, there were no other options granted or issued during the three and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. 

The following is a summary of the changes in
outstanding options during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016: 

Included in the forfeited options in the table
above are 20,998 options the Company purchased from Nationwide employees for $50,000 in connection with the sale of Nationwide. 

The following is a summary of changes in non-vested
options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The number of shares of
Common Stock available for issuance under the P F Industries, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan )
as of September 30, 2016 was 173,093. At September 30, 2016, there were 115,451 options outstanding issued under the 2012 Plan
and 311,500 options outstanding issued under the 2002 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Restricted Stock   

Pursuant to the 2012 Plan,
the Company, in May 2016, granted 1,000 restricted shares of its Common Stock to each non-employee member of its Board of Directors,
totaling 5,000 restricted shares. The Company determined that the fair value of these shares was $8.72, which was the closing price
of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. These shares cannot be traded earlier than the first anniversary
of the grant date. As such, the Company is ratably amortizing the total non-cash compensation expense of approximately $44,000
in its selling, general and administrative expenses through May 2017. 

NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

Accounting guidance
defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. Under this guidance, the Company is required to classify certain assets and
liabilities based on the following hierarchy: 

Level 1:    Quoted
prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that can be assessed at the measurement date. 

Level 2: Inputs other
than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data. 

Level 3: Inputs reflect
management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. The
inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the instruments valuation. 

The guidance requires
the use of observable market data if such data is available without undue cost and effort. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for current assets
and current liabilities approximated fair value due to the short-term nature of these accounts. 

The fair value of the
Prepaid expenses and other current assets, which consists primarily of escrowed funds from the sale of Nationwide, which was estimated
to be the same as its carrying value, based on Level 3 inputs. The escrow will be released to the Company in August 2017, in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement. 

Assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis include goodwill, and intangible assets. Such assets are reviewed quarterly for
impairment indicators. If a triggering event has occurred, the assets are re-measured when the estimated fair value of the corresponding
asset group is less than the carrying value. The fair value measurements, in such instances, are based on significant unobservable
inputs (level 3). 

NOTE 6   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL
ACCOUNTS  

Accounts receivable - net consists of: 

NOTE 7   INVENTORIES  

Inventories consist of: 

NOTE 8   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE
ASSETS  

Goodwill and other intangible
assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value
of these assets may not be recoverable. 

The impairment testing
is performed in two steps: (i) The Company compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, and (ii) if there
is impairment, the Company measures the amount of impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying
amount of that goodwill. The Company determines the fair value using the income approach methodology of valuation, which considers
the expected present value of future cash flows. As an integral part of the valuation process the Company utilizes its latest cash
flows forecasts for the remainder of the current fiscal year, if applicable, the next four fiscal years, and then applies projected
minimal growth for all remaining years, based upon available statistical data and management s estimates.   

During the second quarter
of 2016, the Company determined that an interim impairment analysis of the goodwill recorded in connection with its Hy-Tech reporting
unit was necessary based on consideration of a number of factors or assumptions, which included: 

Negative changes in revenue, which was driven primarily by continued weakness in the oil and gas exploration and extraction industries;   

the recent loss of a major portion of revenue from one of its larger customers;    

recent significant reductions/guidance of forecasted purchases from the largest customer acquired in the ATSCO acquisition; and   

changes in gross margin, driven primary by product mix and customer mix.   

The combination of these factors
was considered to be a triggering event requiring an interim impairment test. 

 Certain of the factors considered
by management in the performance of the impairment test included: 

Cash flows was determined to be a key assumption primarily due to reductions in future revenue and gross margins; and    

Discount rates. The discount rates applied to internally developed cash flow projections were 14.5% for the previous annual impairment test as of November 30, 2015 and 13.8% at May 31, 2016, which was the date of the interim impairment test. The discount rate represents the weighted average cost of capital consistent with our views of the rate that an expected market participant would utilize for valuation, including the risk inherent in future cash flows, taking into account the capital structure, debt ratings and current debt yields of comparable public companies as well as an estimate of return on equity that reflects historical market returns.   

Based on step one of the
impairment analysis, it was determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value. Step two of
the goodwill impairment test resets the implied fair value of goodwill through a reallocation of the assets. That is, an entity
shall allocate the fair value of a reporting unit, in this case, Hy-Tech to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including
any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Accordingly, after resetting
the carrying values of its intangible assets, other than Goodwill, which resulted in a $2,968,000 impairment of intangible assets
(see below), the Company adjusted the carrying value of Goodwill by recording an impairment charge of $5,343,000 in the second
quarter of 2016. 

The carrying value of Hy-Tech
exceeded its estimated fair value by approximately 15.7% at November 30, 2015. The fair value of Hy-Tech was estimated using 100%
value based on internally developed cash flow projections. The internally developed cash flow projections reflect annual estimates
through a terminal year calculated using a terminal year EBITDA multiple approach. 

The impairment determinations
involved significant assumptions and judgments. The calculations supporting the estimates of the fair value of Hy-Tech and the
fair values of its assets and liabilities utilized models that take into consideration multiple inputs other than those discussed
above. Assumptions regarding each of these inputs could have a significant effect on the related valuations. In performing these
calculations, we also take into consideration assumptions on how current market participants would value Hy-Tech and its operating
assets and liabilities. Changes to assumptions that reflect the views of current market participants can also have a significant
effect on the related valuations. The fair value measurements resulting from these models are classified as non-recurring Level
3 measurements consistent with accounting standards related to the determination of fair value. Because of the volatility of these
factors, we cannot predict the likelihood of any future impairment.  

Trademarks and
tradenames were previously considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset. However, as a result of the testing for
impairment, which determined the  carrying value of Hy-Tech s trademarks and tradenames exceeded the fair  value,
and an impairment charge of $229,000 was recorded at June 30, 2016. The Company will commence amortizing this intangible
asset in July 2016 over a 15 year useful life. Further, future amortization is included in the estimated future amortization
expense table below. 

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are
as follows: 

Other intangible assets were as follows: 

Included in the table above is the impairment
charge recorded during the second quarter of 2016. 

(1)  
      A portion of these intangibles are maintained in a foreign currency, and are therefore subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.   

(2)   
      These were previously considered an indefinite lived intangible asset of Hy-Tech, however as the result of the testing for impairment the Company began amortizing these intangible assets over a fifteen year useful life.   

Amortization expense of intangible assets from
continuing operations subject to amortization was as follows: 

The weighted average amortization period for
intangible assets was as follows: 

Amortization expense
for each of the next five years and thereafter is estimated to be as follows: 

NOTE 9   DEBT  

In October 2010, the Company
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with an affiliate of Capital One, National Association
( Capital One , or the  Bank ). The Credit Agreement provides for a Revolver Loan ( Revolver ),
borrowings under which are secured by the Company s accounts receivable, mortgages on its real property located in Cranberry,
PA, Tampa, FL and Jupiter, FL ( Real Property ),  inventory and equipment. P F and certain of its subsidiaries
are borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and their obligations are cross-guaranteed by certain other subsidiaries. Revolver borrowings
will bear interest at either LIBOR ( London InterBank Offered Rate ) or the Base Rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement,
plus the Applicable Margin, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Further, the interest rate, either LIBOR or Base Rate, which is
added to the Applicable Margin, is at the option of the Company. The Company is limited as to the number of LIBOR borrowings. 

The Company, in August
2014, entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, (the  Restated Loan Agreement ), with Capital
One. The Restated Loan Agreement, among other things, amended the Credit Agreement by: (1) increasing the total amount of the credit
facility from $29,423,000 to $33,657,000, (2) increasing the Revolver from $20,000,000 to $22,000,000, (3) creating a new Term
Loan, as defined in the Restated Loan Agreement ( Term Loan B ), and (4) re-designating as  Term Loan A ,
the previously existing outstanding Term Loan, which relates primarily to the Company s Real Property. In addition, the Restated
Loan Agreement also reset certain financial covenants. 

Contemporaneously with
the sale of Nationwide, as discussed in Note 2, the Company entered into the Consent and Second Amendment to the Restated Loan
Agreement (the  Amendment ) with Capital One. The Amendment, among other things; (a) provided the Bank s consent
to the transactions contained in the Stock Purchase Agreement and the repurchase of certain shares and options discussed in Note
2 and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; (b) amended the Restated Loan Agreement by: (i) reducing the aggregate Commitment
(as defined in the Restated Loan Agreement) to $11,600,000; (ii) reducing the Term Loan A to $100,000; (iii) reducing the Revolver
Commitment to $10,000,000 (less the new Term Loan A balance of $100,000); (iv) reducing the Capex Loan Commitment to $1,600,000;
(v) modifying certain financial covenants, (vi) lowering interest rate margins and fee obligations; and (vii) extending the expiration
of the Credit Agreement to February 11, 2019. Additionally, the Bank released the mortgage on the Company s Real Property
located in Tampa Florida. 

The Company provides Capital
One with, among other things, monthly financial statements, and monthly borrowing base certificates. The Company is required to
comply with certain financial covenants. Under certain circumstances the Company would be required to submit certificates of compliance.
The Company believes it is in compliance with all covenants under the current Credit Facility. 

The net proceeds provided
by the sale of Nationwide of approximately $18.7 million were used to pay down the Revolver and the Capex Term Loans in their entirety,
and paid approximately $6 million against the Term Loan A, discussed below. 

SHORT TERM
BORROWINGS   

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company s Revolver borrowings were $1,449,000 and $9,623,000, respectively. Applicable LIBOR Margins
added to Revolver borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were 1.50% and 2.00%, respectively. The Applicable Base
Rate Margin added to Revolver borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were 0.50% and 1.00%, respectively. 

The Company purchased vehicles
for use by its UAT salesforce. The current portion of the balance due on these vehicles is $17,000 at September 30, 2016 and was
$31,000 at December 31, 2015. 

LONG  TERM
BORROWINGS   

The Restated Loan Agreement
provides for Term Loan A, which is secured by mortgages on the Real Property, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Term
Loan A borrowings can be at either LIBOR, or at the Base Rate, or a combination of the two plus the Applicable Margins. LIBOR borrowings
at September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015 were 1.5% and 3.0% respectively. The Applicable Margin for borrowings at the Base
Rate for the same timeframes were 0.5% and 2.0%, respectively. A portion of the net proceeds from the sale of Nationwide repaid
all but $100,000 of this Term Loan A and, accordingly, such remaining balance is being borrowed at the Base Rate, and is included
in Long-term debt, less current maturities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016. 

During 2012, the Company
borrowed $380,000 and $519,000, as loans to purchase machinery and equipment ( Capex Term Loans ). These loans were
fully repaid with funds from the sale of Nationwide. 

The long-term portion of
the balance due on the purchased vehicles used by the UAT salesforce is $0 at September 30, 2016 and was $16,000 at December 31,
2015. 

In accordance with ASU
2015-03, the Company reduced its long-term debt by $13,000 and $64,000, respectively, relating to deferred financing fees as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 10   DIVIDEND PAYMENTS  

On March 8, 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $0.50 per common share, which was paid on or about April 4, 2016, to shareholders
of record at the close of business on March 21, 2016. The total amount of this special dividend payment was approximately $1.8
million. The Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.05 per share to shareholders of record
at the close of business on March 31, 2016 and July 18, 2016. These respective dividend payments of approximately $180,000 each
were paid on or about April 14, 2016 and July 25, 2016. See Note 12 for discussion relating to dividends paid subsequent to September
30, 2016. 

NOTE 11   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The president of one of
the Company s subsidiaries is part owner of one of the subsidiary s vendors. During the three and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016, the Company purchased approximately $137,000 and $413,000, respectively, of product from this vendor.
During the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, the Company purchased approximately $154,000 and $477,000, respectively,
of product from this vendor. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had trade payables to this vendor of $78,000
and $63,000, respectively. Additionally, during the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded
sales to this vendor of $2,000 and $8,000, respectively. During the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, the
Company recorded sales to this vendor of $2,000 and $7,000, respectively. 

Additionally, this same
individual is part owner of the facility located in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, which one of the Company s subsidiaries leases.
This lease expires in 2021, with rent of approximately $76,000 per annum. 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On November 1, 2016,
the Company s Countrywide subsidiary completed the sale (the  Real Estate Sale ) of the Premises to an unrelated
third party for a purchase price of $3,750,000. After broker fees and certain other expenses relating to the Real Estate Sale,
the Company received approximately $3,500,000. The Premises are used by the Company s former Nationwide subsidiary. As a
result of the Real Estate Sale, Countrywide is no longer a party to the lease relating to the Premises and has no further obligations
relating to the Option and Right of First Refusal Agreement. Additionally, in accordance with the terms set forth in the Stock
Purchase Agreement relating to the sale of Nationwide, Countrywide placed $400,000 of the proceeds from the Real Estate Sale into
the escrow account established with the sale of Nationwide. The full escrow amount is scheduled to be released to the Company in
August 2017, less any permissible claims allowed under the Stock Purchase Agreement. See Note 2 for more information about the
Nationwide sale and the agreements referred to in this Note 12. These assets are classified as Assets held for sale, net of accumulated
depreciation as of September 30, 2016. The net book value of these assets was $1,843,000 at December 31, 2015. 

On October 18, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors declared a $0.05 per common share dividend to all stockholders of record as of October 28, 2016.
The dividend was paid on or about November 8, 2016. The total amount was approximately $180,000. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Item 2.       Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward Looking Statement  

The Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  Reform Act ) provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements
made by or on behalf of P F Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries ( P F , or the  Company ).
P F and its representatives may, from time to time, make written or verbal forward-looking statements, including
statements contained in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in its reports to
shareholders. Generally, the inclusion of the words  believe,   expect,   intend, 
 estimate,   anticipate,   will,   may,   would, 
 could  and their opposites and similar expressions identify statements that constitute  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. Any
forward-looking statements contained herein, including those related to the Company s future performance, are based
upon the Company s historical performance and on current plans, estimates and expectations. All
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Company s
actual results for the 2016 fiscal year and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement
made by or on behalf of the Company for a number of reasons including, but not limited to, those relating to the strength of
the markets in which the Company operates, the impact of competition, product demand and supply chain pricing, the
Company s exposure to fluctuations in energy prices, the Company s ability to maintain mutually beneficial
relationships with key customers, acquisitions of businesses, and as further previously disclosed in the Company s
public filings, including in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ( 2015 Form
10-K ) and its subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which
they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a
result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Business  

P F and each of its
subsidiaries are herein referred to collectively as the  Company.  In addition, the words  we ,  our 
and  us  refer to the Company. Prior to February 11, 2016, (the  Closing Date ), the effective date of the sale
of its Nationwide Industries, Inc. ( Nationwide ) subsidiary, P F operated in two primary lines of business or
segments: (i) tools and other products ( Tools ) and (ii) hardware and accessories ( Hardware ). As a result
of the sale of Nationwide, the Company currently only operates in the Tools segment. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for further discussion. 

Tools   

The Company conducts its
Tools business through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Continental Tool Group, Inc. ( Continental ), which in turn operates
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation ( Florida Pneumatic ) and Hy-Tech
Machine, Inc. ( Hy-Tech ). Exhaust Technologies Inc. ( ETI ) and Universal Air Tool Company Limited ( UAT )
are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Florida Pneumatic. The business of Air Tool Service Company ( ATSCO ) operates through
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech. 

Florida Pneumatic is engaged
in the importation and sale of pneumatic hand tools, primarily for the retail, industrial and automotive markets, and the importation
and sale of compressor air filters.  Florida Pneumatic also markets, through its Berkley Tool division ( Berkley ),
a product line which includes pipe and bolt dies, pipe taps, wrenches, vises and stands, pipe and tubing cutting equipment, hydrostatic
test pumps, and replacement electrical components for a widely-used brand of pipe cutting and threading machines. 

Hy-Tech manufactures and
distributes its own line of industrial pneumatic tools. Hy-Tech also produces and markets impact wrenches, grinders, drills, and
motors. Further, it also manufactures tools to customer specifications. Its customers include refineries, chemical plants, power
generation facilities, heavy construction enterprises, oil and gas and mining companies. In addition, Hy-Tech manufactures an extensive
line of pneumatic tool replacement parts that are sold to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ). It also manufactures
and distributes high pressure stoppers for hydrostatic testing fabricated pipe, gears, sprockets, splines and racks and produces
a line of siphons. 

Hardware   

Prior to the sale of Nationwide,
which was effective on the Closing Date, the Company conducted its Hardware business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Countrywide
Hardware, Inc. ( Countrywide ). Countrywide conducted its business operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Nationwide. Nationwide was an importer and manufacturer of door, window and fencing hardware and accessories, including rollers,
hinges, window operators, sash locks, custom zinc castings and door closers. On the Closing Date, Countrywide sold Nationwide to
an unrelated third party for approximately $22.2 million. See Notes 2 and 12 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

KEY INDICATORS    

Economic Measures    

Much of our business is
driven by the ebbs and flows of the general economic conditions in both the United States and, to a lesser extent, abroad. We focus on a wide array of customer types including, but not limited to large retailers, aerospace, large and small
resellers of pneumatic tools and parts, and automotive related customers. We tend to track the general economic
conditions of the United States, industrial production and general retail sales. 

A key economic measure
relevant to us is the cost of the raw materials in our products. Key materials include metals, especially various types of steel
and aluminum. Also important is the value of the United States Dollar ( USD ) in relation to the Taiwanese dollar ( TWD ),
as we purchase a significant portion of our products from Taiwan. Purchases from Chinese sources are made in USDs. However, if
the Chinese currency, the Renminbi ( RMB ), were to be revalued against the USD, there could be a significant negative
impact on the cost of our products. As the result of the UAT acquisition, we closely monitor the fluctuation in the Great British
Pound ( GBP ) to the USD, and the GBP to TWD, both of which can have an impact on the consolidated results. In addition,
we monitor the number of operating rotary drilling rigs in the United States, as a means of gauging oil production, which is a
key factor in our sales into the oil and gas exploration and extraction sector. 

The cost and availability
of a quality labor pool in the countries where products and components are manufactured, both overseas as well as in the United
States, could materially affect our overall results. 

Operating Measures    

Key operating measures
we use to manage our operations are: orders; shipments; development of new products; customer retention; inventory levels and productivity.
These measures are recorded and monitored at various intervals, including daily, weekly and monthly. To the extent these measures
are relevant; they are discussed in the detailed sections below. 

Financial Measures    

Key financial measures
we use to evaluate the results of our business include: various revenue metrics; gross margin; selling, general and administrative
expenses; earnings before interest and taxes; operating cash flows and capital expenditures; return on sales; return on assets;
days sales outstanding and inventory turns. These measures are reviewed at monthly, quarterly and annual intervals and compared
to historical periods as well as established objectives. To the extent that these measures are relevant, they are discussed in
the detailed sections below for each operating segment. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

We prepare our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
Descriptions of these policies are discussed in the 2015 Form 10-K. Certain of these accounting policies require us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates, including, but not limited to those
related to bad debts, inventory reserves, goodwill and intangible assets, warranty reserves and taxes and deferred taxes. We base
our estimates on historical data and experience, when available, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the combined results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with
precision, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.  Significant changes, if any,
in those estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the consolidated financial
statements in future periods. 

Overview  

During the third quarter
of 2016, our results of operations were impacted by: 

The on-going weakness in the oil and gas exploration and extraction sector continues to negatively impact Hy-Tech s and, to a lesser degree, Florida Pneumatic s results.   

Additional increase to Hy-Tech s allowance for slow moving inventory.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Continuing operations   

Unless otherwise discussed
elsewhere in the Management s Discussion and Analysis, we believe that our relationships with our key customers and suppliers,
given current economic conditions, remain satisfactory. The on-going weakness in the global oil and gas exploration and extraction
markets continues to hamper both Hy-Tech and to a lesser degree, Florida Pneumatic. Further, there is a persistent weakness in
the other markets that Hy-Tech serves, including power generation and construction. Other than the aforementioned on-going weakness,
and those factors discussed in more detail below, there were no major trends or uncertainties that had, or we could reasonably
expect could have, a material impact on our revenue, nor was there any unusual or infrequent event, transaction or any significant
economic change that materially affected our results of operations. 

During the first quarter
of 2016, we sold Nationwide to an unrelated third party for approximately $22.2 million. As a result of this transaction, Nationwide s
results are reported under discontinued operations, and are therefore excluded from continuing operations for all periods presented.
Please see Note 2 - Discontinued Operations, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

The table below provides
an analysis of our net revenue from continuing operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Florida Pneumatic    

Florida Pneumatic markets
its air tool products to three primary sectors within the pneumatic tool market; retail, industrial/catalog and the automotive
market. It also generates revenue from its Berkley products line as well as a line of air filters and other OEM parts ( Other ). 

Primary factors contributing
to the 24.8% growth in Florida Pneumatic s automotive revenue this quarter, compared to the same period in 2015, are the
ongoing efforts to upgrade the lines with new innovative products, as well as expanding its marketing efforts in the United States.,
and in Europe. UAT s revenue is included in the Automotive sector. A portion of UAT s revenue is derived from the sale
of pneumatic air tools to customers that are located and operate in the North Sea region of Scotland, and whose businesses are
in the oil and gas sector. This sector continues to feel the effects of the ongoing weakness in global oil and gas exploration.
Further impacting our consolidated revenue this quarter was the negative effects of the  Brexit , the portmanteau of
 British   Exit  from the European Union. We believe that Brexit was the key factor in the recent decline
in the GBP in the world currency. As a result, the average exchange rate that was applied when converting UAT s local currency
revenue into USDs, for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, declined, resulting in reduced UAT revenue reported
in USDs of approximately $118,000. As a result, UAT s overall revenue declined this quarter compared to the same three months
in 2015. We are currently developing a marketing strategy that is intended to enable UAT to expand its presence into other Western
European countries; however, no specific timetable has been established for this expansion. The decline in Florida Pneumatic s
third quarter 2016 Retail revenue, compared to the third quarter of 2015, was due primarily to the timing of shipments to Sears
that occurred in the third quarter of 2015 that we believe could occur during the fourth quarter of 2016. This decline was 
partially offset by increased shipments to The Home Depot.  We continue to encounter weaknesses in t he
Industrial/catalog market, with the decline  this  quarter compared to the same period a year
ago, occurring most notably in  the  aerospace   and oil and
gas exploration/production channels. Additionally, contributing to the decline in our Industrial/catalog revenue was the fact that
during the third quarter of 2015, we shipped special orders aggregating approximately $220,000, which did not reoccur this year.

When comparing the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the growth in the Automotive sector is the most significant component of
Florida Pneumatic s overall revenue improvement. This growth continues to be driven by the release of new, improved and enhanced
products, broadening the product line offering, as well as expanded marketing efforts. Florida Pneumatic s Industrial/catalog
revenue remains sluggish, as the oil and gas sector, which is a component of this category remains, in our opinion, extremely constricted.
Further, special order shipments declined $458,000, when comparing the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, which
also contributed to the decline in revenue. 

Hy-Tech    

Hy-Tech focuses primarily
on the industrial sector of the pneumatic tools market.  Hy-Tech manufactures and markets its own value-added line of
air tools and parts, including the ATSCO product line, as well as distributes a complementary line of sockets, which in the aggregate
are referred to as  ATP . Hy-Tech Machine also manufactures products primarily marketed to the mining, construction
and industrial manufacturing sectors. These products along with gears, sprockets, splines, and hydraulic stoppers are aggregated
as  Other . 

The on-going weakness
in the oil and gas exploration and extraction sector continues to be the primary factor contributing to the decline in Hy-Tech s
ATP third quarter of 2016 revenue, when compared to the same period in the prior year. This weakness continues to be a significant
factor in the decline in demand of Hy-Tech s pneumatic tools, spare/replacement parts and drilling motors. Evidencing this
decline is the fact that according to information published by Baker Hughes Incorporated: (a) The average U.S. rig count for September
2016 was 509, down 339 from the 848 in September 2015; (b) The average Canadian rig count for September 2016 was 141, down 42 from
the 183 counted in September 2015 and (c) The worldwide rig count for September 2016 was 1,584, down 587 from the 2,171 counted
in September 2015. Further contributing to the decline in revenue is the fact that a former major customer of Hy-Tech is currently
sourcing internally, certain impact wrenches and other products that it had formerly purchased from Hy-Tech. Additionally, a large
customer that was acquired in the ATSCO acquisition has dramatically reduced purchases, which we believe is also the result of
the weakness in the oil and gas exploration sector. We believe that purchases from this customer may not recover until the oil
and gas exploration and extraction market recovers, if at all. The decline in Hy-Tech s Other revenue was driven primarily
due to weakness this quarter in specialty manufacturing for the mining, mine safety and railroad markets. 

ATP s revenue
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, declined, compared to the same period in 2015, due primarily to: i) on-going
weakness in the oil and gas exploration and extraction and related services sector; ii) loss of revenue due to a customer s
decision to source certain products internally; iii) a major downturn in orders from a large customer, and iv) weakness in the
other sectors in which Hy-Tech markets its products, such as mining, and railroad. We believe that should the oil and gas sector
remain at or near current levels of exploration and extraction,  it is likely that future periods may
not reflect an increase over comparable prior periods for some time, even if trending upwards, chronologically.  Significant
factors contributing to the decline in Hy-Tech s Other year to date revenue is a $240,000 order that shipped in the first
quarter of 2015, not recurring thus far in 2016, and overall weakness in the specialty manufacturing for the mining, mine safety
and railroad markets. To mitigate this sluggishness, Hy-Tech is continuing to pursue alternate markets and applications of its
air tools and motors, as well as to utilize and emphasize its manufacturing expertise. We believe this course of action should
generate new sources of revenue in late 2016 or early 2017; however, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. 

Gross margins / profits   

Florida Pneumatic s third quarter
of 2016 gross margin improvement over the same period a year ago was driven primarily by improved product mix emanating from the
growth of its Automotive revenue. Additionally, the foreign exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar to the Taiwan Dollar was more favorable
than during the third quarter of 2015. Lastly, material costs are down slightly this quarter, compared to the same period a year
ago. With respect to Hy-Tech s third quarter gross margin, during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, we increased
Hy-Tech s allowance for obsolete / slow moving inventory ( OSMI ). The primary reason for the additional OSMI
reserve this quarter was due to the notification by a Hy-Tech vendor that it would not re-stock certain inventory items. In addition,
the ongoing sluggish conditions in power generation and manufacturing caused a severe slowdown in Hy-Tech s inventory turnover.
The adjustment to OSMI was the key contributing factor in this quarter s poor gross margin at Hy-Tech. Further, Hy-Tech s
gross margin this quarter is lower compared to the same period in 2015, due in part to lower overhead absorption, which in turn
is due primarily to lower manufacturing activity, being driven by the ongoing weakness in the oil and gas sector and key customer
declines. 

The primary factors
contributing to the increase in Florida Pneumatic s gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
the same period in the prior year include more favorable product mix, favorable foreign exchange and slightly lower cost of product.
Hy-Tech s gross margin during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, has been adversely affected by the effects
of the ongoing downturn in the oil and gas sector, along with weakness in power generation and manufacturing, sectors important
contributors to Hy-Tech s revenue. This has caused Hy-Tech to further increase its OSMI. Additionally, Hy-Tech manufactures
and sells a very low gross margin product line to a key ATSCO customer. We do not intend to continue to manufacture and market
this product line after Hy-Tech has sold its remaining related inventory. It is possible that this decision may have an effect
on Hy-Tech s 2017 revenue; however it should improve its future overall gross margin. 

Selling and general and administrative
expenses   

Selling, general and administrative
expenses, ( SG A ) include salaries and related costs, commissions, travel, administrative facilities, communications
costs and promotional expenses for our direct sales and marketing staff, administrative and executive salaries and related benefits,
legal, accounting and other professional fees as well as general corporate overhead and certain engineering expenses. 

During the third quarter
of 2016, our SG A was $4,915,000 or 33.6% of revenue, compared to $4,787,000, or 30.1% of revenue during the same three-month
period in 2015. The increase was due in large part to the increase in Automotive revenue, which drives variable expenses. As such,
variable expenses increased this quarter $82,000 compared to the same period in 2015. Our compensation expense, which is comprised
of base salaries and wages, accrued performance-based bonus incentives, associated payroll taxes and employee benefits increased
$74,000, and professional fees and related expenses increased $111,000 this quarter compared to the same three-month period in
2015 due primarily to the Company s mergers and acquisitions initiatives. Depreciation and amortization expenses declined
$97,000 when comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the same period in 2015 due primarily to the reduction of intangible assets
associated with the impairment of intangible assets during the second quarter of 2016. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our SG A was $15,088,000 or 33.7% of revenue, compared to $14,834,000, or 31.9% of revenue during
the same nine-month period in 2015. A significant component of this change is due to an increase in incremental variable costs
and expenses, which increased by $377,000, compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase is due in large part to
the increase in the Automotive revenue of $2.2 million. Additionally, when comparing the nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, total compensation, increased $80,000. Partially offsetting the above increases were reductions in professional
fees and related expenses of $75,000, depreciation and amortization expenses of $119,000 and lower stock-based compensation of
$45,000. 

Impairment of goodwill and other
intangible assets   

During
the second quarter of 2016, we determined that an interim impairment analysis of the goodwill recorded in connection with Hy-Tech
and ATSCO was necessary based upon consideration of a number of factors, which included: i) continued weakness in oil and gas exploration
and extraction; ii) the recent loss of a major portion of revenue from one of its larger customers; and iii) recent significant
reductions/guidance of forecasted purchases from the largest customer acquired in the ATSCO acquisition. As a result of the aforementioned
it was determined that  Hy-Tech s short and long-term projections indicated an inability to generate sufficient discounted
future cash flows to support the recorded amounts of goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets necessitating
the impairment charge. As a result, in accordance with current accounting literature, we recorded an impairment charge of $8,311,000
relating to goodwill and other intangible assets during the second quarter of 2016. Should market conditions in the sectors in
which Hy-Tech operates worsen, we could incur additional impairment charges in future periods.  

Other (income) expense   net   

The table below provides
an analysis of our Other (income) expense-net from continuing operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015: 

Lease income-net is income
and related expenses incurred in connection with the lease discussed in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The fair
value adjustment to contingent consideration   UAT reflect the adjustments relating to the carrying value of the additional
consideration due to the sellers of UAT settled in 2015. 

Interest   

In accordance with current
accounting guidance we have reported our short-term and term loan interest expense incurred during the three and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2015 of $144,000 and $479,000, respectively, and for the period January 1, 2016 through the Closing Date of
$60,000, which was the effective date of sale of Nationwide, in Discontinued operations. Additionally, the $18.7 million cash received
from the sale of Nationwide significantly reduced or eliminated the term loans that were included in the Credit Agreement. As a
result, we wrote down the deferred financing costs associated with the repayment of those term loans. As such, $80,000 is included
in amortization expense of debt financing costs in our interest expense for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. See
Notes 2 and 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the sale of Nationwide and the Amendment to our
Credit Agreement. See Liquidity and Capital Resources elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis section for
further information regarding our bank loans. 

Primarily the result of
the cash received from the sale of Nationwide, our average balance of short-term borrowings during the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, was $2,585,000, compared to $13,550,000 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The average
balance of our short-term borrowings during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, was $3,593,000, compared to $14,807,000
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Income taxes   

At the end of each interim
reporting period, the Company estimates its effective tax rate expected to be applied for the full year. This estimate is used
to determine the income tax provision or benefit applicable to continuing operations, on a year-to-date basis, and may change in
subsequent interim periods. As a result, our effective tax rate applicable to continuing operations for the three and nine-months
ended September 30, 2016 was 27.2% and 33.9%, respectively. For the same periods in 2015 our effective tax rate applicable to continuing
operations were 34.9% and 33.6%, respectively. The Company s effective tax rates for both periods were affected primarily
by state taxes and non-deductible expenses. 

Discontinued operations   

Nationwide s results
of operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 2 presents their revenue and cost of goods sold for the period
January 1, 2016 through the Closing Date. The SG A incurred during the same period includes that of Nationwide plus $19,000
of expenses incurred at the corporate level that is specifically attributable to Nationwide. Nationwide s data for the three
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, represents their revenue and cost of goods sold. The SG A for the three and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, includes all of Nationwide plus approximately $54,000 and $298,000, respectively,
of corporate expenses directly attributable to Nationwide. In accordance with current accounting guidance, we have included, as
part of discontinued operations, all interest expense incurred attributable to our Bank borrowings during the three and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015, and for the period January 1, 2016 through the Closing Date. 

We recognized a gain of $12,185,000, on the
sale of Nationwide during the three-month period ended March 31, 2016, which represents the difference between the adjusted net
purchase price and the carrying book value of Nationwide. During the three-month period ended June 30, 2016 we incurred an additional
$14,000 in expenses related to the sale. For income tax purposes, our tax basis in Nationwide was greater than the net proceeds,
thus resulting in a tax loss. This tax loss may only be applied against future capital gain transactions.  During the three-month
period ended March 31, 2016 we recorded a tax benefit of $141,000, net of a valuation allowance against the gain on sale. 
Subsequent to September 30, 2016, Countrywide completed the sale of the Tampa, Florida real property, which is treated as a capital
gain transaction for tax purposes.  As a result, during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, we removed the valuation
allowance initially recorded against the tax loss, resulting in an additional $187,000 tax benefit recorded against the gain on
sale.  See Note 12-Subsequent Events, in our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

We monitor such metrics
as days  sales outstanding, inventory requirements, inventory turns, estimated future purchasing requirements and capital
expenditures to project liquidity needs, as well as evaluate return on assets. Our primary sources of funds are operating cash
flows and our Revolver Loan ( Revolver ) with our Bank. 

We gauge our liquidity
and financial stability by various measurements, some of which are shown in the following table: 

Credit facility    

In October 2010, we
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( Credit Agreement ) with an affiliate of Capital One, National
Association ( Capital One , or the  Bank ). The Credit Agreement, among other things, provides the
ability to borrow funds under  the Revolver arrangement. Revolver borrowings are secured by the
Company s accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and mortgages on real property located in Cranberry, PA, Tampa, FL
and Jupiter, FL ( Real Property ). P F and certain of its subsidiaries are borrowers under the Credit
Agreement, and their obligations are cross-guaranteed by certain other subsidiaries. 

At our option, Revolver
borrowings bear interest at either LIBOR ( London InterBank Offered Rate ) or the Base Rate, as the term is defined
in the Credit Agreement, plus an Applicable Margin, as defined in the Credit Agreement. We are subject to limitations on the number
of LIBOR borrowings. 

In August 2014, we entered
into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, (the  Restated Loan Agreement ), with Capital One. The Restated
Loan Agreement, among other things, amended the Credit Agreement by: (1) increasing the total amount of the credit facility from
$29,423,000 to $33,657,000, (2) increasing the Revolver from $20,000,000 to $22,000,000, (3) creating a new Term Loan, as defined
in the Restated Loan Agreement ( Term Loan B ), and (4) re-designating as  Term Loan A , the previously
existing outstanding Term Loan, which relates primarily to the Company s Real Property. In addition, the Restated Loan Agreement
also reset certain financial covenants. 

Contemporaneously with
the sale of Nationwide in February 2016, we entered into the Consent and Second Amendment to the Restated Loan Agreement (the  Amendment )
with Capital One. The Amendment, among other things; provided the Bank s consent to the transactions contained in the Stock
Purchase Agreement and the repurchase of certain shares and options discussed in Note 2, and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, and amended the Restated Loan Agreement by: (a) reducing the aggregate Commitment (as defined in the Restated Loan
Agreement) to $11,600,000; (b) reducing the Term Loan A to $100,000; (c) reducing the Revolver Commitment to $10,000,000 (less
the new Term Loan A balance of $100,000); (d) reducing the Capex Loan Commitment to $1,600,000; (e) modifying certain financial
covenants, (f) lowering interest rate margins and fee obligations; and (g) extending the expiration of the Credit Agreement to
February 11, 2019. Additionally, the bank released the mortgage on our Tampa, FL Real Property. We believe that despite the reduction
in the overall facility, our cash requirements to operate our business will be funded by operations and the Revolver. Further,
we believe that should a need arise whereby the current credit facility is insufficient, we can borrow additional amounts against
our Real Property or other assets. 

The net funds provided
by the sale of Nationwide of approximately $18.7 million were used to pay down the Revolver, the Cap-Ex loans and the Term Loan
A; however, the Amendment provided for $100,000 to remain outstanding under the Term Loan A, rather than pay it off in full so
that the Company and Capital One could facilitate potential increased future term loan borrowings more inexpensively and efficiently. 

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, Revolver borrowings outstanding were $1,449,000 and $9,623,000, respectively. Applicable LIBOR Margins added
to Revolver borrowings at September 30, 2016 was 1.50% and at December 31, 2015 was 2.00%. The Applicable Base Rate Margin added
to Revolver borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were 0.50% and 1.00%, respectively. 

We purchase vehicles for
use by our UAT salesforce. The current portion of the balance due on these loans applicable to these purchased vehicles was $17,000
at September 30, 2016 and $31,000 at December 31, 2015. 

Cash flows    

During the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, our net cash increased $14,000 to $941,000 from $927,000 at December 31, 2015.   Our total
bank debt at September 30, 2016 was $1,549,000, compared to $16,066,000 at December 31, 2015. As discussed earlier and in
Notes 2 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, our reduction in debt is primarily due to the sale of Nationwide. The total
debt to total book capitalization (total debt divided by total debt plus equity); at September 30, 2016 was 3.1%, compared to 26.9%
at December 31, 2015. 

Our Board of
Directors approved the initiation of a dividend policy under which the Company intends to declare  quarterly cash dividends to
its stockholders in the amount of $0.05 per quarter. Additionally, the Board
of Directors also approved a special $0.50 per common share dividend. Both the special dividend totaling $1.8 million and the
first quarterly $0.05 per common share dividend totaling approximately $180,000, were paid in April 2016, with subsequent
$0.05 dividends paid in July and November 2016. As all cash remitted to us by our customers is delivered to a Capital One
Lockbox, the cash required for the payment of the aforementioned dividends, was from Revolver borrowings. We currently
believe that the quarterly dividend payments of approximately $180,000 are not material to our cash requirements. 

On
November 1, 2016, we sold the real property located in Tampa Florida for $3,750,000. After broker and other fees, we received
approximately $3,500,000, which paid down all outstanding Revolver debt .   

We believe that net cash
flows from our current operating units and our ability to borrow against the Revolver should provide cash to fund our consolidated
cost structure for at least the next twelve months. 

Our capital spending
from continuing operations was $894,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,044,000 during the same
period in the prior year.  Capital expenditures for the balance of 2016 are expected to be approximately $100,000, some
of which may be financed through our credit facilities or financed through independent third party financial institutions. The
remaining 2016 capital expenditures will primarily be for expansion of existing product lines and replacement of equipment. 

Customer concentration    

We have two customers that
in the aggregate account for 57.4% at September 30, 2016, and 47.0% at December 31, 2015 of our accounts receivable. To date, these
customers, with minor exceptions, are current in their payments. Further, these two customers in the aggregate, accounted for 45.3%
and 43.4%, respectively, of our revenue from continuing operations for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, compared to 44.2% and 41.6%, respectively, for the same three-month and nine-month periods in 2015. 

We believe that  the
loss of one or both of these customers would negatively impact our financial condition, but would not affect our ability to remain
a going concern. One of these customers, Sears, has announced that it is seeking bids for the sale of its product group that purchases
our products. There can be no assurance that we would continue to supply these products on similar terms or at all should this
product group be sold. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted would have a material effect on
our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3.             Quantitative
And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

Not required. 

Item 4.             Controls
and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company's management,
with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ),
evaluated, as of September 30, 2016, the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, which were designed
to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016,
the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at the reasonable assurance level at that date. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change in
our internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d),
that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

There have been no material changes to the legal proceedings disclosure described in our 2015 Form 10-K.   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

There were no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K.   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None.   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None.   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

None.   

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None.   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

See  Exhibit Index  immediately following the signature page.   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.    

(Registrant)   

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, Jr.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   

Chief Financial Officer   
 
      Dated: November 14, 2016  
      (Principal Financial and Chief Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are either included in this report or incorporated
herein by reference as indicated below: 

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description of Exhibit    
 
       31.1   
       
      Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2   
       
      Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1   
       
      Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .   

32.2   
       
      Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101   
       
      *  Interactive Data   

* Attached as Exhibit 101 are
the following, each formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i) Consolidated Balance
Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of  Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income; (iii) Consolidated Statement of
Shareholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

A copy of any of the foregoing exhibits to
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be obtained, upon payment of the Registrant s reasonable expenses in furnishing such
exhibit, by writing to P F Industries, Inc., 445 Broadhollow Road, Suite 100, Melville New York 11747, Attention: Corporate
Secretary.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452029_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Richard A. Horowitz, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F Industries, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter, in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ   

Richard A. Horowitz   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       Principal Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452029_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of P F Industries, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter, in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452029_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report on Form
10-Q of P F Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ   

Richard A. Horowitz   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       Principal Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452029_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

P F INDUSTRIES, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report on Form
10-Q of P F Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR.   

Joseph A. Molino, Jr.   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pfin-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pfin-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pfin-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pfin-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pfin-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pfin-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

