<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-Q_edgar_data_755001_0001193125-16-742204_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6175580</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159260</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>366044</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1376624</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2837988</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1225037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-742204.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020065442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-742204
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITIL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000755001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				020381573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08858
		FILM NUMBER:		161943492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6037736504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-742204.txt : 20161020

10-Q
 1
 d236090d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission File Number  1-8858    
  UNITIL CORPORATION   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       

New Hampshire  
   
  02-0381573   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (603) 772-0775   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No        Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large Accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
   FORM 10-Q    
   For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016          Table of Contents        
 
         1   

Table of Contents  

    CAUTIONARY STATEMENT       This report and the documents incorporated by reference into this report contain statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included or incorporated by reference into this
report, including, without limitation, statements regarding the financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for the Company s future operations, are forward-looking statements.   
  These statements include declarations regarding the Company s beliefs and current expectations. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be
identified by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or
 continue,  or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions that could cause the actual results to
differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties include those described in Item 1A (Risk Factors) and the following:   

the Company s regulatory environment (including regulations relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters),
which could affect the rates the Company is able to charge, the Company s authorized rate of return and the Company s ability to recover costs in its rates;      

fluctuations in the supply of, demand for, and the prices of energy commodities and transmission capacity and the Company s ability to recover
energy commodity costs in its rates;          

customers  preferred energy sources;          

severe storms and the Company s ability to recover storm costs in its rates;      

the Company s stranded electric generation and generation-related supply costs and the Company s ability to recover stranded costs in its
rates;          

declines in the valuation of capital markets, which could require the Company to make substantial cash contributions to cover its pension obligations,
and the Company s ability to recover pension obligation costs in its rates;          

general economic conditions, which could adversely affect (i) the Company s customers and, consequently, the demand for the Company s
distribution services, (ii) the availability of credit and liquidity resources and (iii) certain of the Company s counterparties  obligations (including those of its insurers and lenders);      

the Company s ability to obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms;      

increases in interest rates, which could increase the Company s interest expense;      

restrictive covenants contained in the terms of the Company s and its subsidiaries  indebtedness, which restrict certain aspects of the
Company s business operations;          

variations in weather, which could decrease demand for the Company s distribution services;      

long-term global climate change, which could adversely affect customer demand or cause extreme weather events that could disrupt the Company s
electric and natural gas distribution services;      
         2   

Table of Contents  

numerous hazards and operating risks relating to the Company s electric and natural gas distribution activities, which could result in accidents
and other operating risks and costs;          

catastrophic events;          

the Company s ability to retain its existing customers and attract new customers;      

the Company s energy brokering customers  performance under multi-year energy brokering contracts; and      

increased competition.      
  Many of these risks are beyond the Company s control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and the Company
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it
is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors, nor can the Company assess the impact of any such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements.         PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 2.    
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       
   OVERVIEW       Unitil Corporation (Unitil or
the Company) is a public utility holding company headquartered in Hampton, New Hampshire. Unitil is subject to regulation as a holding company system by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under the Energy Policy Act of 2005.   
  Unitil s principal business is the local distribution of electricity and natural gas throughout its service areas in the states of New Hampshire,
Massachusetts and Maine. Unitil is the parent company of three wholly-owned distribution utilities:       

i)  
  Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. (Unitil Energy), which provides electric service in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire, including the
capital city of Concord, New Hampshire;         

ii)  
  Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company (Fitchburg), which provides both electric and natural gas service in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts;
and         

iii)  
  Northern Utilities, Inc. (Northern Utilities), which provides natural gas service in southeastern New Hampshire and portions of southern and central Maine, including
the city of Portland, which is the largest city in northern New England.        Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Northern Utilities are
collectively referred to as the  distribution utilities.  Together, the distribution utilities serve approximately 103,300 electric customers and 78,700 natural gas customers in their service territory.   
  In addition, Unitil is the parent company of Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc. (Granite State) an interstate natural gas transmission pipeline
company, operating 86 miles of underground gas transmission pipeline primarily located in Maine and New Hampshire. Granite State provides Northern Utilities with interconnection to major natural gas pipelines and access to domestic natural gas
supplies in the south and Canadian natural gas supplies in the north.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

   Unitil had an investment in Net Utility Plant of $861.0 million at September 30, 2016. Unitil s
total operating revenue includes revenue to recover the approved cost of purchased electricity and natural gas in rates on a fully reconciling basis. As a result of this reconciling rate structure, the Company s earnings are not directly
affected by changes in the cost of purchased electricity and natural gas. Earnings from Unitil s utility operations are primarily derived from the return on investment in the utility assets of the three distribution utilities and Granite State.
     Unitil also conducts non-regulated operations principally through Usource Inc. and Usource L.L.C. (collectively, Usource), which is
wholly-owned by Unitil Resources Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Unitil. Usource provides energy brokering and advisory services to commercial and industrial customers primarily in the northeastern United States. As an energy broker and advisor,
Usource assists its clients with the procurement and contracting for electricity and natural gas in competitive energy markets.      The
Company s other subsidiaries include Unitil Service Corp., which provides, at cost, a variety of administrative and professional services to Unitil s affiliated companies, Unitil Realty Corp. (Unitil Realty), which owns and manages
Unitil s corporate office building and property located in Hampton, New Hampshire and Unitil Power Corp., which formerly functioned as the full requirements wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy. Unitil s consolidated net
income includes the earnings of the holding company and these subsidiaries.       RATES AND REGULATION    
   Regulation       Unitil is subject to
comprehensive regulation by federal and state regulatory authorities. Unitil and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation as a holding company system by the FERC under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 with regard to certain bookkeeping, accounting
and reporting requirements. Unitil s utility operations related to wholesale and interstate energy business activities are also regulated by the FERC. Unitil s distribution utilities are subject to regulation by the applicable state public
utility commissions, with regard to their rates, issuance of securities and other accounting and operational matters: Unitil Energy is subject to regulation by the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC); Fitchburg is subject to regulation
by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities (MDPU); and Northern Utilities is regulated by the NHPUC and the Maine Public Utilities Commission (MPUC). Granite State, Unitil s interstate natural gas transmission pipeline, is subject to
regulation by the FERC with regard to its rates and operations. Because Unitil s primary operations are subject to rate regulation, the regulatory treatment of various matters could significantly affect the Company s operations and
financial position.      Unitil s distribution utilities deliver electricity and/or natural gas to all customers in their service territory,
at rates established under traditional cost of service regulation. Under this regulatory structure, Unitil s distribution utilities recover the cost of providing distribution service to their customers based on a historical test year, in
addition to earning a return on their capital investment in utility assets. As a result of a restructuring of the utility industry in New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine, Unitil s customers, with the exception of Northern Utilities 
residential customers, have the opportunity to purchase their electricity or natural gas supplies from third-party energy supply vendors. Most customers, however, continue to purchase such supplies through the distribution utilities under regulated
energy rates and tariffs. Unitil s distribution utilities purchase electricity or natural gas from unaffiliated wholesale suppliers and recover the actual approved costs of these supplies on a pass-through basis, as well as certain costs
associated with industry restructuring, through reconciling rate mechanisms that are periodically adjusted.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

   Fitchburg is subject to revenue decoupling. Revenue decoupling is the term given to the elimination of the
dependency of a utility s distribution revenue on the volume of electricity or natural gas sales. The difference between distribution revenue amounts billed to customers and the targeted revenue decoupling amounts is recognized as an increase
or a decrease in Accrued Revenue which forms the basis for resetting rates for future cash recoveries from, or credits to, customers. These revenue decoupling targets may be adjusted as a result of rate cases and other authorized adjustments that
the Company files with the MDPU. The Company estimates that revenue decoupling applies to approximately 27% and 11% of Unitil s total annual electric and natural gas sales volumes, respectively.   
   Rate Case Activity        Unitil Energy
  Base Rates    On April 29, 2016 Unitil Energy filed for an increase in distribution base rates with the NHPUC. The Company is seeking an increase in base rates of approximately $6.3 million or 3.6 percent above present rates. The
Company also requested a long-term rate plan for the annual recovery in future years of the costs associated with certain plant additions. On June 28, 2016 the NHPUC approved a settlement agreement between the Company, Commission Staff and the
Office of Consumer Advocate on a $2.4 million temporary rate increase effective July 1, 2016. The temporary rate increase will remain in effect until a permanent rate increase decision is issued. Once a permanent rate is decided, it will be
reconciled back to the effective date of the temporary rate increase. The remaining issues in the rate case are pending investigation and decision by the NHPUC.       Fitchburg   Base Rates   Electric    On June 16, 2015, Fitchburg filed for a $3.8 million increase in its electric base revenue decoupling target, which represented a 5.6 percent
increase over 2014 test year operating electric revenues. The filing included a request for approval of a capital cost recovery mechanism to recover additions to utility plant on an annual basis. An Order was issued on April 29, 2016 approving
a $2.1 million increase effective May 1, 2016. The MDPU also approved a capital cost recovery mechanism. On July 1, 2016, Fitchburg made its first capital cost adjustment filing documenting its capital investments for calendar year 2015
and presenting the associated revenue requirements for recovery beginning January 1, 2017. This filing is under MDPU review.   
   Fitchburg   Electric Operations    On November 17, 2015, Fitchburg submitted its 2015 annual reconciliation of costs and revenues
for transition and transmission under its restructuring plan, including the reconciliation of costs and revenues for a number of other surcharges and cost factors, for review and approval by the MDPU. All of the rates were given final approval by
the MDPU on December 29, 2015, effective January 1, 2016.       Fitchburg   Base Rates   Gas    On June 16,
2015, Fitchburg filed for a $3.0 million increase in its gas base revenue decoupling target, which represents an 8.3 percent increase over 2014 test year total gas operating revenues. Hearings were completed and briefs filed. An Order was issued on
April 29, 2016 approving a $1.6 million increase effective May 1, 2016.       Fitchburg   Gas Operations    On
October 31, 2015, Fitchburg submitted its second annual filing to recover the estimated costs to be incurred in calendar year 2016 under its approved 20 year gas system enhancement plan program. The plan was established pursuant to legislation
that provided for the establishment of comprehensive replacement programs to address aging natural gas pipeline infrastructure. On April 29, 2016, the MDPU approved the Company s request to collect in rates $0.9 million for the estimated
costs of its cumulative capital investments for 2015 and 2016, effective May 1, 2016. Also on April 29, 2016, Fitchburg submitted its cost filing which documents the Company s actual capital costs and final revenue requirement under
the program for calendar year 2015. Any over or under-recovery of the Company s 2015 revenue requirement will be reconciled in rates effective November 1, 2016. This matter remains pending.   
         5   

Table of Contents  

    Northern Utilities   Base Rates   Maine    The rate case settlement in Northern
Utilities  Maine division s last rate case allowed the Company to implement a Targeted Infrastructure Replacement Adjustment (TIRA) rate mechanism to adjust base distribution rates annually to recover the revenue requirements associated
with targeted investments in gas distribution system infrastructure replacement and upgrade projects. The TIRA has an initial term of four years and covers targeted capital expenditures in 2013 through 2016. The 2016 TIRA, for 2015 expenditures, was
filed on February 29, 2016, provides for an annual increase in base distribution revenue of $1.5 million, effective May 1, 2016, and was approved by the MPUC on April 28, 2016.       Northern Utilities   Targeted Area Build-out Program   Maine    On December 22, 2015 the MPUC approved a new Targeted Area Build-out program and associated rate surcharge
mechanism. This program is designed to allow the economic extension of natural gas mains to new, targeted service areas in Maine and is being initially piloted in the City of Saco. It allows customers in the targeted area the ability to pay a rate
surcharge, instead of a large upfront payment or capital contribution to connect to the natural gas delivery system. This pilot program is planned to be built out over the next three years and has the potential to add 1,000 new customers and
approximately $1 million in annual distribution revenue in the Saco pilot area. The Company will continue to evaluate the success of the program and ways to economically reach new targeted service areas.   
   Northern Utilities   Base Rates   New Hampshire    Northern Utilities  New Hampshire division s last rate case resulted in
a settlement agreement providing for an increase of $4.6 million in distribution base revenue and an additional step increase in revenue of $1.4 million for investments in gas mains extensions and infrastructure replacement projects, effective
May 1, 2014, and a step adjustment that provided for an annual increase of $1.8 million in revenue effective May 1, 2015.   
   Northern Utilities   Pipeline Refund    On February 19, 2015, the FERC issued Opinion No. 524-A, the final order in Portland
Natural Gas Transmission s (PNGTS) Section 4 rate case, requiring PNGTS to issue refunds to shippers. Northern Utilities received a pipeline refund of $22.0 million on April 15, 2015. As a gas supply-related refund, the entire amount
refunded will be credited to Northern Utilities  customers and marketers. In New Hampshire, the refund is being credited to all customers over a three year period as directed by the NHPUC. In Maine, the refund has been divided into two parts,
as directed by the MPUC. Maine retail customers who purchase their gas directly from Northern Utilities are being credited their portion of the refund over a three year period. The second part of the refund was paid on October 5, 2015 as a
one-time lump sum payment directly to marketers who transport gas on Northern Utilities  distribution system. The Company has recorded current and noncurrent Regulatory Liabilities of $5.0 million and $3.5 million, respectively, on its
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016.       Granite State   Base Rates    Granite State has in place a
FERC-approved second amended settlement agreement under which it is permitted each June to file for a rate adjustment to recover the revenue requirements associated with specified capital investments in gas transmission projects up to a specific
cost cap. On June 24, 2016 Granite State filed for an annual revenue and rate increase under this provision of $0.3 million, effective August 1, 2016. This filing was approved by the FERC on July 13, 2016.   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS       The following
section of MD A compares the results of operations for each of the two fiscal periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
and the accompanying Notes to unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).
  
         6   

Table of Contents  

   The Company s results of operations reflect the seasonal nature of the natural gas business. Annual gas
revenues are substantially realized during the heating season as a result of higher sales of natural gas due to cold weather. Accordingly, the results of operations are historically most favorable in the first and fourth quarters. Fluctuations in
seasonal weather conditions may have a significant effect on the result of operations. Sales of electricity are generally less sensitive to weather than natural gas sales, but may also be affected by the weather conditions in both the winter and
summer seasons. Also, as a result of recent rate cases, the Company s natural gas sales margins are derived from a higher percentage of fixed billing components, including customer charges. Therefore, natural gas revenues and margin will be
less affected by the seasonal nature of the natural gas business. In addition, as discussed above, approximately 27% and 11% of the Company s total annual electric and natural gas sales volumes, respectively, are decoupled and changes in sales
to existing customers do not affect sales margin.       Earnings Overview       The Company s Net Income was $3.5 million, or $0.25 per share, for the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $1.8 million, or $0.13 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported Net Income of $16.9 million, a decrease of $0.1 million compared to the same nine month period in 2015. Earnings Per Share (EPS) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were $1.21 and $1.22, respectively. The increase in earnings for the third quarter of 2016 was driven by higher electric sales margins, reflecting increased electric kilowatt-hour (kWh) sales, higher distribution rates and lower Operation and
Maintenance (O M) expenses. The decrease in earnings for the nine month period reflects lower natural gas sales margins, driven by significantly warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by higher electric sales margins,
driven by higher electric distribution rates, and lower O M expenses.      Natural gas sales margins were $16.0 million and $71.7 million in
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in decreases of $0.2 million and $1.4 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Gas sales margins in the third quarter were negatively affected by a
decrease in natural gas unit sales during the usually low-use summer period, partially offset by the positive impact from customer growth and higher natural gas distribution rates. For the nine month period, natural gas sales margins were negatively
affected by lower unit sales due to warmer winter weather, partially offset by the positive impacts of customer growth and higher natural gas distribution rates. The Company estimates that the warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015
negatively impacted gas sales margins by approximately $5.0 million, or $0.22 per share.      Natural gas therm sales decreased 1.5% and 10.5% in
the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. For the nine month period, the decrease in gas therm sales in the Company s service areas was driven by warmer winter weather in
2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by customer growth. Based on weather data collected in the Company s natural gas service areas, there were 19% fewer Heating Degree Days (HDD) in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015. Estimated weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were up 1.9% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. This growth was led by a year over year increase of 4.9% in gas therm sales to large
industrial customers. As of September 30, 2016, the number of total natural gas customers served has increased by approximately 1,100 in the last twelve months.   
         7   

Table of Contents  

   Electric sales margins were $25.6 million and $66.1 million in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in increases of $3.4 million and $2.2 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Electric sales margins in the third quarter were positively affected by higher electric distribution
rates and higher electric kWh sales from customer growth and the favorable impact of hotter than normal summer weather. For the nine month period, electric sales margins were positively affected by customer growth and higher electric distribution
rates, partially offset by the negative impact of warmer winter weather and lower average usage. Electric kWh sales increased 1.3% and decreased 2.8%, respectively in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same periods in 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the number of total electric customers served has increased by approximately 800 in the last twelve months.      O M expenses decreased $1.3 million and $1.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The decrease in the three month
period reflects lower utility operating costs of $1.8 million, partially offset by higher compensation and benefit costs of $0.5 million. The decrease in O M expenses in the nine month period reflects lower utility operating costs of $2.9
million, partially offset by higher compensation and benefit costs of $1.5 million.      Depreciation and Amortization expense increased $0.2
million and $1.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increase in the three month period reflects higher depreciation of $0.3 million on normal utility plant
assets in service, partially offset by lower amortization of $0.1 million. The increase in the nine month period reflects higher depreciation of $1.6 million on normal utility plant assets in service, partially offset by lower amortization of $0.6
million.      Taxes Other Than Income increased $0.4 million and $1.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily reflecting higher local property tax expense.      Interest Expense, net was
relatively unchanged in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, Interest Expense, net decreased $0.6 million compared to the same period in 2015,
primarily reflecting lower levels of long-term debt and higher net interest income on regulatory assets.      Usource, the Company s
non-regulated energy brokering business, recorded revenues of $1.5 million and $4.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, on par with the three and nine month periods in 2015.   
  Also in the third quarter, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared the regular quarterly dividend on the Company s common stock of
$0.3550 per share. This quarterly dividend results in a current effective annual dividend rate of $1.42 per share representing an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments since trading began in Unitil s common stock.   
  A more detailed discussion of the Company s results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below.
      Gas Sales, Revenues and Margin         Therm Sales     Unitil s total therm sales of natural gas decreased 1.5% and 10.5% in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the
same periods in 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, sales to Residential customers were relatively unchanged and sales to Commercial and Industrial (C I) customers decreased 1.7% compared to the same period in 2015, reflecting lower average
usage of natural gas during this usually low-use summer   
         8   

Table of Contents  

period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales to Residential and C I customers decreased 16.0% and 9.0%, respectively, compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in
gas therm sales in the Company s service areas was driven by warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by customer growth. Based on weather data collected in the Company s natural gas service areas, there were 19%
fewer HDD in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Estimated weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were up 1.9% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. This growth
was led by a year over year increase of 4.9% in gas therm sales to large industrial customers. As of September 30, 2016, the number of total natural gas customers served has increased by approximately 1,100 in the last twelve months. As
discussed above, sales margin derived from decoupled unit sales (representing approximately 11% of total annual therm sales volume) is not sensitive to changes in gas therm sales.      The following table details total firm therm sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, by major customer class:   
   
      Gas Operating Revenues and Sales Margin     The following table details total Gas Operating Revenues and
Sales Margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       
    The Company analyzes operating results using Gas Sales Margin, a non-GAAP measure. Gas Sales Margin is calculated as
Total Gas Operating Revenue less Cost of Gas Sales. The Company believes Gas Sales Margin is a better measure to analyze profitability than Total Gas Operating Revenue because the approved cost of sales are tracked and reconciled to costs that are
passed through directly to the customer, resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected   
         9   

Table of Contents  

in Total Gas Operating Revenue. Sales margin can be reconciled to Operating Income, a GAAP measure, by including Operation and Maintenance, Depreciation and Amortization and Taxes Other Than
Income Taxes for each segment in the analysis.      Natural gas sales margins were $16.0 million and $71.7 million in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in decreases of $0.2 million and $1.4 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Gas sales margins in the third quarter were negatively affected by $0.7 million from lower
natural gas sales, partially offset by the positive impact from customer growth and higher natural gas distribution rates of $0.5 million. For the nine month period, the warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015 had a negative impact on gas
sales margins of approximately $5.0 million, which was partially offset by the positive impacts of $2.3 million in higher natural gas distribution rates and $1.3 million from customer growth.      The increase in Total Gas Operating Revenues of $0.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 reflects higher gas base rates, partially offset by lower sales volumes and lower cost of gas sales, which are
tracked and reconciled costs that are passed through directly to customers.      The decrease in Total Gas Operating Revenues of $25.5 million in
the first nine months of 2016 reflects lower sales volumes and lower cost of gas sales, which are tracked and reconciled costs that are passed through directly to customers, partially offset by higher gas base rates.   
   Electric Sales, Revenues and Margin    
    Kilowatt-hour Sales     Unitil s total electric kWh sales increased 1.3% and decreased 2.8%, respectively in the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015. In the three month period, sales to Residential customers increased 3.3% reflecting hotter than normal summer weather while sales to C I customers decreased 0.1%.
In the nine month period, sales to Residential and C I customers decreased 4.3% and 1.8%, respectively compared to the same period in 2015, reflecting warmer winter and early spring weather in 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by warmer
summer weather in 2016. Based on weather data collected in the Company s electric service areas, there were 16% more Cooling Degree Days in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the number
of total electric customers served has increased by approximately 800 in the last twelve months As discussed above, sales margin derived from RDM decoupled unit sales (representing approximately 27% of total annual kWh sales volume) is not sensitive
to changes in electric kWh sales.      The following table details total kWh sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 by major customer class:       
 
         10   

Table of Contents  

     Electric Operating Revenues and Sales Margin     The following table details total Electric
Operating Revenues and Sales Margin for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       
    The Company analyzes operating results using Electric Sales Margin, a non-GAAP measure. Electric Sales Margin is
calculated as Total Electric Operating Revenues less Cost of Electric Sales. The Company believes Electric Sales Margin is a better measure to analyze profitability than Total Electric Operating Revenues because the approved cost of sales are
tracked and reconciled to costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in Total Electric Operating Revenues. Sales margin can be reconciled to Operating Income, a GAAP measure, by
including Operation and Maintenance, Depreciation and Amortization and Taxes Other Than Income Taxes for each segment in the analysis.   
  Electric sales margins were $25.6 million and $66.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in
increases of $3.4 million and $2.2 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Electric sales margins in the third quarter were positively affected by $2.2 million in higher electric distribution rates and higher sales from customer
growth and the favorable impact of hotter than normal summer weather of $1.2 million. For the nine month period, electric sales margins were positively affected by $2.6 million in higher electric distribution rates and the favorable impact of
customer growth and hotter than normal summer weather of $1.2 million, partially offset by the negative impact of warmer winter weather and lower usage of $1.6 million.      The increase in Total Electric Operating Revenues of $3.8 million in the third quarter of 2016 reflects higher electric sales volumes and higher cost of electric sales, which are tracked and reconciled to
costs that are passed through directly to customers.      The decrease in Total Electric Operating Revenues of $19.7 million in the first nine
months of 2016 reflects lower electric sales volumes and lower cost of electric sales, which are tracked and reconciled to costs that are passed through directly to customers.   
         11   

Table of Contents  

    Operating Revenue   Other       The following table details total Other Revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       
    Total Other Operating Revenue is comprised of revenues from the Company s non-regulated energy brokering business,
Usource. Usource s revenues in each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 were on par compared to the same periods in 2015. Usource s revenues are primarily derived from fees and charges billed to suppliers as
customers take delivery of energy from these suppliers under term contracts brokered by Usource.       Operating Expenses    
   Cost of Gas Sales    Cost of Gas Sales includes the cost of natural gas purchased and manufactured to supply the Company s total gas
supply requirements and spending on energy efficiency programs. Cost of Gas Sales increased $0.6 million, or 10.9%, and decreased $24.1 million, or 31.5%, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same
periods in 2015. The increase in the three month period primarily reflects higher wholesale natural gas prices and a decrease in the amount of natural gas purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers, partially offset by lower sales of
natural gas. The decrease in the nine month period reflects lower sales of natural gas and lower wholesale natural gas prices, partially offset by a decrease in the amount of natural gas purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers.
The Company reconciles and recovers the approved Cost of Gas Sales in its rates at cost on a pass through basis and therefore changes in approved expenses do not affect earnings.       Cost of Electric Sales    Cost of Electric Sales includes the cost of electric supply as well as other energy supply related restructuring costs, including power supply buyout costs, and
spending on energy efficiency programs. Cost of Electric Sales increased $0.4 million, or 1.4%, and decreased $21.9 million, or 20.6%, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.
The increase in the three month period primarily reflects higher electric kWh sales and higher wholesale electricity prices, partially offset by an increase in the amount of electricity purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. The
decrease in the nine month period primarily reflects lower wholesale electricity prices, lower electric kWh sales and an increase in the amount of electricity purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. The Company reconciles and
recovers the approved Cost of Electric Sales in its rates at cost and therefore changes in approved expenses do not affect earnings.   
    Operation and Maintenance (O M)     O M expense includes gas and electric utility operating costs, and the operating cost of the
Company s corporate and other business activities. Total O M expenses decreased $1.3 million, or 7.7%, and $1.4 million, or 2.8%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in
2015. The   
         12   

Table of Contents  

decrease in the three month period reflects lower utility operating costs of $1.8 million, partially offset by higher compensation, health care and other benefit costs of $0.5 million. The
decrease in O M expenses in the nine month period reflects lower utility operating costs of $2.9 million, partially offset by higher compensation, health care and other benefit costs of $1.5 million.   
    Depreciation and Amortization     Depreciation and Amortization expense increased $0.2 million, or 1.8%, and $1.0 million, or 2.9%, in
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increase in the three month period reflects higher depreciation of $0.3 million on normal utility plant assets in service, partially
offset by lower amortization of $0.1 million. The increase in the nine month period reflects higher depreciation of $1.6 million on normal utility plant assets in service, partially offset by lower amortization of $0.6 million.   
    Taxes Other Than Income Taxes     Taxes Other Than Income Taxes increased $0.4 million, or 8.9%, and $1.7 million, or 13.1%, in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily reflecting higher local property tax expense.        Other Expense, net     Other Expense, net increased $0.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and was relatively unchanged in the
nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.        Income Taxes     Federal and State
Income Taxes increased by $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, reflecting higher pre-tax earnings. Federal and State Income Taxes increased by $0.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.        Interest Expense, net     Interest expense is presented in the
Consolidated Financial Statements net of interest income. Interest expense is mainly comprised of interest on long-term debt and short-term borrowings. In addition, certain reconciling rate mechanisms used by the Company s distribution
operating utilities give rise to regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities on which interest is calculated.      Unitil s utility
subsidiaries operate a number of reconciling rate mechanisms to recover specifically identified costs on a pass through basis. These reconciling rate mechanisms track costs and revenue on a monthly basis. In any given month, this tracking and
reconciling process will produce either an under-collected or an over-collected balance of costs. In accordance with the distribution utilities  rate tariffs, interest is accrued on these balances and will produce either interest income or
interest expense. Consistent with regulatory precedent, interest income is recorded on an under-collection of costs which creates a regulatory asset to be recovered in future periods when rates are reset. Interest expense is recorded on an
over-collection of costs, which creates a regulatory liability to be refunded in future periods when rates are reset.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

(1)      
    AFUDC   Allowance for Funds Used During Construction.         Interest Expense, net was relatively unchanged in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, Interest
Expense, net decreased $0.6 million compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflecting lower levels of long-term debt and higher net interest income on regulatory assets.       CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS        Sources of Capital    
  Unitil requires capital to fund utility plant additions, working capital and other utility expenditures recovered in subsequent periods through regulated
rates. The capital necessary to meet these requirements is derived primarily from internally-generated funds, which consist of cash flows from operating activities. The Company initially supplements internally-generated funds through short-term bank
borrowings, as needed, under its unsecured revolving Credit Facility. Periodically, the Company replaces portions of its short-term debt with long-term financings more closely matched to the long-term nature of its utility assets. Additionally, from
time to time, the Company has accessed the public capital markets through public offerings of equity securities. The Company s utility operations are seasonal in nature and are therefore subject to seasonal fluctuations in cash flows. The
amount, type and timing of any future financing will vary from year to year based on capital needs and maturity or redemptions of securities.   
  The Company and its subsidiaries are individually and collectively members of the Unitil Cash Pool (the  Cash Pool ). The Cash Pool is the
financing vehicle for day-to-day cash borrowing and investing. The Cash Pool allows for an efficient exchange of cash among the Company and its subsidiaries. The interest rates charged to the subsidiaries for borrowing from the Cash Pool are based
on actual interest costs from lenders under the Company s revolving Credit Facility. At September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company and all of its subsidiaries were in compliance with the
regulatory requirements to participate in the Cash Pool.      On October 4, 2013, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement (as further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the  Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility terminates October 4, 2020 and provides for a borrowing limit of $120 million which
includes a $25 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. The Credit Facility provides Unitil with the ability to elect that borrowings under the Credit   
         14   

Table of Contents  

Facility bear interest under several options, including at a daily fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.25%. Provided there is no
event of default under the Credit Facility, the Company may on a one-time basis request an increase in the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility by an aggregate additional amount of up to $30 million.   
  The Company utilizes the Credit Facility for cash management purposes related to its short-term operating activities. Total gross borrowings were $148.3
million and $77.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Total gross repayments were $153.4 million and $102.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, respectively. In the third quarter of 2016, the Company issued a standby letter of credit for $1.1 million. The following table details the borrowing limits, amounts outstanding and amounts available under the revolving
Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015:       
    The Credit Facility contains customary terms and conditions for credit facilities of this type, including affirmative and
negative covenants. There are restrictions on, among other things, Unitil s and its subsidiaries  ability to permit liens or incur indebtedness, and restrictions on Unitil s ability to merge or consolidate with another entity or
change its line of business. The affirmative and negative covenants under the Credit Facility shall apply to Unitil until the Credit Facility terminates and all amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility are paid in full (or with respect to letters
of credit, they are cash collateralized). The only financial covenant in the Credit Facility provides that Unitil s Funded Debt to Capitalization (as each term is defined in the Credit Facility) cannot exceed 65%, tested on a quarterly basis.
At September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Facility in effect on that date. (See also  Credit Arrangements  in Note 5.)
     Unitil Corporation and its utility subsidiaries, Fitchburg, Unitil Energy, Northern Utilities, and Granite State are currently rated
 BBB+  by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services.   
         15   

Table of Contents  

   In April 2014, Unitil Service Corp. entered into a financing arrangement, structured as a capital lease
obligation, for various information systems and technology equipment. Final funding under this capital lease occurred on October 30, 2015, resulting in total funding of $13.4 million. The capital lease matures on September 30, 2020. As of
September 30, 2016, there are $2.6 million of current and $8.4 million of noncurrent obligations under this capital lease on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.      The continued availability of various methods of financing, as well as the choice of a specific form of security for such financing, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: security
market conditions; general economic climate; regulatory approvals; the ability to meet covenant issuance restrictions; the level of earnings, cash flows and financial position; and the competitive pricing offered by financing sources.   
  The Company provides limited guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities. The
Company s policy is to limit the duration of these guarantees. As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately $21.1 million of guarantees outstanding and the longest term guarantee extends through August 2017.   
  Northern Utilities enters into asset management agreements under which Northern Utilities releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets,
resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. There was
$9.3 million, $9.9 million and $10.8 million of natural gas storage inventory at September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to these asset management agreements. The amount of natural gas
inventory released in September 2016 and payable in October 2016 is $0.1 million and is recorded in Accounts Payable at September 30, 2016. The amount of natural gas inventory released in September 2015 and payable in October 2015 was $0.1
million and is recorded in Accounts Payable at September 30, 2015. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2015 and payable in January 2016 was $0.6 million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2015.
     The Company also guarantees the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on the notes issued by Unitil Realty and Granite
State. As of September 30, 2016, the principal amount outstanding for the 8% Unitil Realty notes was $0.6 million, and the principal amount outstanding for the 7.15% Granite State notes was $10.0 million.   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       The
Company and its subsidiaries do not currently use, and are not dependent on the use of, off-balance sheet financing arrangements such as securitization of receivables or obtaining access to assets or cash through special purpose entities or variable
interest entities. Unitil s subsidiaries conduct a portion of their operations in leased facilities and also lease some of their vehicles, machinery and office equipment under both capital and operating lease arrangements. Additionally, as of
September 30, 2016, there were approximately $21.1 million of guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities outstanding and the longest term guarantee extends through August
2017. See Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.       CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The preparation of the Company s financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America requires the Company to make estimates   
         16   

Table of Contents  

and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In making those estimates and assumptions, the Company is sometimes required to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments about the impact of matters that are inherently uncertain and for
which different estimates that could reasonably have been used could have resulted in material differences in its financial statements. If actual results were to differ significantly from those estimates, assumptions and judgment, the financial
position of the Company could be materially affected and the results of operations of the Company could be materially different than reported. The following is a summary of the Company s most critical accounting policies, which are defined as
those policies where judgments or uncertainties could materially affect the application of those policies. For a complete discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to the Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2016.       LABOR
RELATIONS       As of September 30, 2016, the Company and its subsidiaries had 502 employees. The Company considers its relationship with
employees to be good and has not experienced any major labor disruptions.      As of September 30, 2016, a total of 162 employees of certain
of the Company s subsidiaries were represented by labor unions. The following table details by subsidiary the employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) as of September 30, 2016:   
   
    The CBAs provide discrete salary adjustments, established work practices and uniform benefit packages. The Company
expects to negotiate new agreements prior to their expiration dates.       INTEREST RATE RISK    
  As discussed above, Unitil meets its external financing needs by issuing short-term and long-term debt. The majority of debt outstanding represents
long-term notes bearing fixed rates of interest. Changes in market interest rates do not affect interest expense resulting from these outstanding long-term debt securities. However, the Company periodically repays its short-term debt borrowings
through the issuance of new long-term debt securities. Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rate and corresponding interest expense on any new issuances of long-term debt securities. In addition, short-term debt borrowings bear a
variable rate of interest. As a result, changes in short-term interest rates will increase or decrease interest expense in future periods. For example, if the average amount of short-term debt outstanding was $25 million for the period of one year,
a change in interest rates of 1% would result in a change in annual interest expense of approximately $250,000. The average interest rates on the Company s short-term borrowings for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015 were 1.78% and 1.50%, respectively. The average interest rates on the Company s short-term borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were 1.74% and 1.55%, respectively. The
average interest rate on the Company s short-term borrowings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 was 1.55%.   
         17   

Table of Contents  

    COMMODITY PRICE RISK       Although Unitil s three distribution utilities are subject to commodity price risk as part of their traditional operations, the current regulatory framework within which these companies operate
allows for the reconciliation and collection of approved purchased electricity and gas costs in rates on a pass-through basis. Consequently, there is limited commodity price risk after consideration of the related rate-making. Additionally, as
discussed above and below in Regulatory Matters, the Company has divested its commodity-related contracts and therefore, further reduced its exposure to commodity risk.       REGULATORY MATTERS        Please refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Part I, Item 1 of this report for a discussion of Regulatory Matters.        ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS    
   Please refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a discussion of Environmental Matters.
   
         18   

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS       ( Millions except per share data )      (UNAUDITED)   
   
     (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements.)
   
         19   

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS        (Millions)       (UNAUDITED)   

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements.)           20   

Table of Contents  

UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Cont.)        (Millions, except number of shares)       (UNAUDITED)   

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements.)
   
         21   

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   (Millions)    
  (UNAUDITED)       
     (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements.)
   
         22   

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK EQUITY    
   (Millions, except number of shares)       (UNAUDITED)       
     (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated unaudited financial statements.)
   
         23   

Table of Contents  

    UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES    
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
  (UNAUDITED)       NOTE 1  
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Nature of Operations    Unitil Corporation (Unitil or the Company) is a public
utility holding company. Unitil and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation as a holding company system by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under the Energy Policy Act of 2005. The following companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries
of Unitil: Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. (Unitil Energy), Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company (Fitchburg), Northern Utilities, Inc. (Northern Utilities), Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc. (Granite State), Unitil Power Corp. (Unitil Power),
Unitil Realty Corp. (Unitil Realty), Unitil Service Corp. (Unitil Service) and its non-regulated business unit Unitil Resources, Inc. (Unitil Resources). Usource Inc. and Usource L.L.C. are subsidiaries of Unitil Resources.   
  The Company s earnings are seasonal and are typically higher in the first and fourth quarters when customers use natural gas for heating purposes.
     Unitil s principal business is the local distribution of electricity in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New
Hampshire and the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts, and the local distribution of natural gas in southeastern New Hampshire, portions of southern and central Maine and in the greater Fitchburg area of north central
Massachusetts. Unitil has three distribution utility subsidiaries, Unitil Energy, which operates in New Hampshire, Fitchburg, which operates in Massachusetts and Northern Utilities, which operates in New Hampshire and Maine (collectively referred to
as the distribution utilities).      Granite State is a natural gas transportation pipeline, operating 86 miles of underground gas transmission
pipeline primarily located in Maine and New Hampshire. Granite State provides Northern Utilities with interconnection to three major natural gas pipelines and access to domestic natural gas supplies in the south and Canadian natural gas supplies in
the north. Granite State derives its revenues principally from the transportation services provided to Northern Utilities and, to a lesser extent, third-party marketers.      A fifth utility subsidiary, Unitil Power, formerly functioned as the full requirements wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy. In connection with the implementation of electric industry
restructuring in New Hampshire, Unitil Power ceased being the wholesale supplier of Unitil Energy on May 1, 2003 and divested of its long-term power supply contracts through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity associated with
various electric power supply contracts it had acquired to serve Unitil Energy s customers.      Unitil also has three other wholly-owned
subsidiaries: Unitil Service; Unitil Realty; and Unitil Resources. Unitil Service provides, at cost, a variety of administrative and professional services, including regulatory, financial, accounting, human resources, engineering, operations,
technology, energy management and management services on a centralized basis to its affiliated Unitil companies. Unitil Realty owns and manages the Company s corporate office in Hampton, New Hampshire and leases this facility to Unitil Service
under a long-term lease arrangement. Unitil Resources is the Company s wholly-owned non-regulated subsidiary. Usource, Inc. and Usource L.L.C. (collectively, Usource) are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Unitil Resources. Usource provides brokering
and advisory services to large commercial and industrial customers in the northeastern United States.       Basis of Presentation    The
accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of Unitil have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles. In the
opinion of   
         24   

Table of Contents  

management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included and are of a normal and recurring nature. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, please refer to Note 1 of Part II to the Consolidated Financial Statements    Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies  of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on January 28, 2016, for a description of the Company s Basis of
Presentation. Certain reclassifications of prior year data were made in the accompanying financial statements. These reclassifications were made to conform to the current year presentation.       Income Taxes    The Company is subject to Federal and State income taxes as well as various other business taxes. This process involves estimating the Company s current tax liabilities as
well as assessing temporary and permanent differences resulting from the timing of the deductions of expenses and recognition of taxable income for tax and book accounting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and
liabilities, which are included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company accounts for income tax assets, liabilities and expenses in accordance with the FASB Codification guidance on Income Taxes. The Company classifies penalty
and interest expense related to income tax liabilities as income tax expense and interest expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.      Provisions for income taxes are calculated in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates for each period for which a statement of earnings is presented. The Company accounts for income taxes
in accordance with the FASB Codification guidance on Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach for the financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the current
and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company s current and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect its best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. In accordance with the FASB Codification, the Company periodically assesses
the realization of its deferred tax assets and liabilities and adjusts the income tax provision, the current tax liability and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts and circumstances which gave rise to the revision become known.
     In the first quarter of 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-17 which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes in a classified
statement of financial position. Current generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position.
ASU 2015-17 amends current GAAP to require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.      For all periods presented in this Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, deferred income taxes are reported as  Deferred Income Taxes  in the  Noncurrent Liabilities 
section on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Prior to adoption, the Company reported deferred income taxes in either the  Current Assets  or  Current Liabilities  and  Other Noncurrent Assets  or  Noncurrent
Liabilities  sections on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on whether the net current deferred income taxes and net noncurrent deferred income taxes were in an asset or liability position, respectively. The change in presentation for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 resulted in a reduction of both  Current Assets  and  Noncurrent Liabilities  for all prior periods presented.       Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash and Cash Equivalents includes all cash and cash equivalents to which the Company has legal title. Cash equivalents include short-term investments with original
maturities of three months or less and interest bearing deposits. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are held at financial institutions and at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such
accounts. Under the Independent System Operator New England (ISO-NE) Financial Assurance Policy (Policy),   
         25   

Table of Contents  

Unitil s subsidiaries Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Unitil Power are required to provide assurance of their ability to satisfy their obligations to ISO-NE. Under this Policy, Unitil s
subsidiaries provide cash deposits covering approximately 2-1/2 months of outstanding obligations, less credit amounts that are based on the Company s credit rating. As of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and
December 31, 2015, the Unitil subsidiaries had deposited $3.5 million, $2.9 million and $2.3 million, respectively to satisfy their ISO-NE obligations.       Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    The Company recognizes a provision for doubtful accounts each month based upon the Company s experience in collecting electric and gas utility service
accounts receivable in prior years. At the end of each month, an analysis of the delinquent receivables is performed which takes into account an assumption about the cash recovery of delinquent receivables. The analysis also calculates the amount of
written-off receivables that are recoverable through regulatory rate reconciling mechanisms. The Company s distribution utilities are authorized by regulators to recover the costs of their energy commodity portion of bad debts through rate
mechanisms. Also, the electric and gas divisions of Fitchburg are authorized to recover through rates past due amounts associated with hardship accounts that are protected from shut-off. Evaluating the adequacy of the Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts requires judgment about the assumptions used in the analysis, including the level of customers enrolling in payment plans with the Company. It has been the Company s experience that the assumptions it has used in evaluating the
adequacy of the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts have proven to be reasonably accurate.      The Allowance for Doubtful Accounts as of
September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, which is included in Accounts Receivable, net on the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets, was as follows:   
   
     Accrued Revenue    Accrued Revenue includes the current portion of Regulatory Assets and unbilled revenues.
The following table shows the components of Accrued Revenue as of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015.       
     Exchange Gas Receivable    Northern Utilities and Fitchburg have gas exchange and storage agreements whereby
natural gas purchases during the months of April through October are delivered to a third party. The third party delivers natural gas back to the Company during the months of November through March. The exchange and storage gas volumes are recorded
at weighted average cost. The following table shows the components of Exchange Gas Receivable as of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015.   
         26   

Table of Contents  

Gas Inventory    The Company uses the weighted average cost methodology to value natural gas inventory. The
following table shows the components of Gas Inventory as of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015.       
     Utility Plant    The cost of additions to Utility Plant and the cost of renewals and betterments are
capitalized. Cost consists of labor, materials, services and certain indirect construction costs, including an allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC). The costs of current repairs and minor replacements are charged to appropriate
operating expense accounts. The original cost of utility plant retired or otherwise disposed of is charged to the accumulated provision for depreciation. The Company includes in its mass asset depreciation rates, which are periodically reviewed as
part of its ratemaking proceedings, cost of removal amounts to provide for future negative salvage value. At September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company estimates that the cost of removal amounts,
which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Cost of Removal Obligations are $77.4 million, $69.9 million, and $70.1 million, respectively.       Regulatory Accounting    The Company s principal business is the distribution of electricity and natural gas by the three distribution utilities: Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Northern
Utilities. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg are subject to regulation by the FERC. Fitchburg is also regulated by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities (MDPU), Unitil Energy is regulated by the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC)
and Northern Utilities is regulated by the Maine Public Utilities Commission (MPUC) and NHPUC. Granite State, the Company s natural gas transmission pipeline, is regulated by the FERC. Accordingly, the Company uses the Regulated Operations
guidance as set forth in the FASB Codification. The Company has recorded Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities which will be recovered from customers, or applied for customer benefit, in accordance with rate provisions approved by the
applicable public utility regulatory commission.   
         27   

Table of Contents  

(1)  
    
      Reflects amounts included in Accrued Revenue, discussed above, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.      
   
    Generally, the Company receives a return on investment on its regulated assets for which a cash outflow has been made.
Included in Regulatory Assets as of September 30, 2016 are $4.1 million of deferred storm charges to be recovered over the next two and a half years and $8.4 million of environmental costs, rate case costs and other expenditures to be recovered
over varying periods in the next seven and a half years. Regulators have authorized recovery of these expenditures, but without a return. Regulatory commissions can reach different conclusions about the recovery of costs, which can have a material
impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes it is probable that its regulated distribution and transmission utilities will recover their investments in long-lived assets, including regulatory assets. If the
Company, or a portion of its assets or operations, were to cease meeting the criteria for application of these accounting rules, accounting standards for businesses in general would become applicable and immediate recognition of any previously
deferred costs, or a portion of deferred costs, would be required in the year in which the criteria are no longer met, if such deferred costs were not recoverable in the portion of the business that continues to meet the criteria for application of
the FASB Codification topic on Regulated Operations. If unable to continue to apply the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations, the Company would be required to apply the provisions for the Discontinuation of Rate-Regulated Accounting
included in the FASB Codification. In the Company s opinion, its regulated operations will be subject to the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations for the foreseeable future.   
   Derivatives    The Company s regulated energy subsidiaries enter into energy supply contracts to serve their electric and gas customers.
The Company follows a procedure for determining   
         28   

Table of Contents  

whether each contract qualifies as a derivative instrument under the guidance provided by the FASB Codification on Derivatives and Hedging. For each contract, the Company reviews and documents
the key terms of the contract. Based on those terms and any additional relevant components of the contract, the Company determines and documents whether the contract qualifies as a derivative instrument as defined in the FASB Codification. The
Company has determined that none of its energy supply contracts, other than the regulatory approved hedging program, described below, qualifies as a derivative instrument under the guidance set forth in the FASB Codification.   
  The Company has a regulatory approved hedging program for Northern Utilities designed to fix or cap a portion of its gas supply costs for the coming
years of service. The Company purchases call option contracts on NYMEX natural gas futures contracts for future winter period months.      Any
gains or losses resulting from the change in the fair value of these derivatives are passed through to ratepayers directly through Northern Utilities  Cost of Gas Clause. The fair value of these derivatives is determined using Level 2 inputs
(valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly), specifically based on the NYMEX closing prices for outstanding contracts as of the balance sheet
date. As a result of the ratemaking process, the Company records gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of the derivatives as regulatory liabilities or assets, then reclassifies these gains or losses into Cost of Gas Sales when the
gains and losses are passed through to customers through the Cost of Gas Clause.      As of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015
and December 31, 2015 the Company had 2.9 billion, 3.7 billion and 2.5 billion cubic feet (BCF), respectively, outstanding in natural gas futures and options contracts under its hedging program.   
  As of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company s derivatives that are not designated as hedging
instruments under FASB ASC 815-20 have a fair value of $0.2 million, $0.1 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively.       Investments in
Marketable Securities    In 2015, the Company established a trust through which it invests in a variety of equity and fixed income mutual funds. These funds are intended to satisfy obligations under the Company s Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan ( SERP ) (See further discussion of the SERP in Note 9.      At September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015
and December 31, 2015, the fair value of the Company s investments in these trading securities, which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other Assets, were $1.9 million, $0.7 million and $0.7 million, respectively, as shown
in the table below. These investments are valued based on quoted prices from active markets and are categorized in Level 1 as they are actively traded and no valuation adjustments have been applied. Changes in the fair value of these investments are
recorded in Other Expense, net.       
 
         29   

Table of Contents  

    Energy Supply Obligations    The following discussion and table summarize the nature and amounts
of the items recorded as current and noncurrent Energy Supply Obligations on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.       
    Exchange Gas Obligation   Northern Utilities enters into gas exchange agreements under which Northern Utilities
releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets, resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold
the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. The gas inventory related to these agreements is recorded in Exchange Gas Receivable on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets while the corresponding obligations are recorded in Energy Supply
Obligations.      Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards   Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards (RPS) require retail electricity suppliers,
including public utilities, to demonstrate that required percentages of their sales are met with power generated from certain types of resources or technologies. Compliance is demonstrated by purchasing and retiring Renewable Energy Certificates
(REC) generated by facilities approved by the state as qualifying for REC treatment. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg purchase RECs in compliance with RPS legislation in New Hampshire and Massachusetts for supply provided to default service customers.
RPS compliance costs are a supply cost that is recovered in customer default service rates. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg collect RPS compliance costs from customers throughout the year and demonstrate compliance for each calendar year on the
following July 1. Due to timing differences between collection of revenue from customers and payment of REC costs to suppliers, Unitil Energy and Fitchburg typically maintain accrued revenue for RPS compliance which is recorded in Accrued
Revenue with a corresponding liability in Energy Supply Obligations on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.      In compliance with the
Massachusetts Green Communities Act, discussed below in Note 6, Regulatory Matters, Fitchburg has entered into long-term renewable contracts for electric energy and/or renewable energy credits. The generating facilities associated with two of these
contracts have been constructed and are operating. Another contract has been approved by the MDPU and is pending facility construction and operation, which is anticipated to begin by the end of 2016. Fitchburg will recover its costs under this
contract through a regulatory approved cost tracker rate mechanism.      Power Supply Contract Divestitures   As a result of the
restructuring of the utility industry in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, Unitil Energy s and Fitchburg s customers have the opportunity to purchase their electric or natural gas supplies from third-party suppliers. In connection with the
  
         30   

Table of Contents  

implementation of retail choice, Unitil Power, which formerly functioned as the wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy, and Fitchburg divested their long-term power supply contracts
through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity sold under those contracts. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg recover in their rates all the costs associated with the divestiture of their power supply portfolios and have secured regulatory
approval from the NHPUC and MDPU, respectively, for the recovery of power supply-related stranded costs. The obligations related to these divestitures are recorded in Energy Supply Obligations on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets with
corresponding regulatory assets recorded in Accrued Revenue (current portion) and Regulatory Assets (long-term portion).       Debt Issuance
Costs    In the first quarter of 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-03, which requires entities to present debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability on the balance sheet as opposed to being presented as a deferred charge, and ASU 2015-15, which adds paragraphs to ASU 2015-03 indicating that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs
related to line of credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line of credit
arrangement.      For all periods presented in this Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, unamortized debt issuance costs
related to the Company s long-term debt are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a reduction of the carrying value of the related debt. Prior to adoption, the Company reported the unamortized debt issuance costs in  Other
Assets  on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in presentation resulted in a reduction of  Other Assets  and  Long-Term Debt  of $3.0 million and $2.9 million as of September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.       Recently Issued Pronouncements    In April and March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08,
respectively. ASU 2016-10 clarifies the implementation guidance on licensing and the identification of performance obligations considerations included in ASU 2014-09. ASU 2016-08 provides amendments to clarify the implementation guidance on
principal versus agent considerations included in ASU 2014-09. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The effective date of this pronouncement is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 with
early adoption permitted as of the original effective date. The Company is evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.      In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which provides for improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016. ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as
well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The Company is evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.      In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which replaces the existing guidance in Accounting Standard Codification 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. ASU 2016-02 requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance (also referred to as capital) leases or operating leases. Both finance leases
and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability. For   
         31   

Table of Contents  

finance leases the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset and for operating leases the lessee would recognize straight-line total lease expense. The
Company is evaluating the impact that this new guidance will have on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.      Other than the
pronouncements discussed above, there are no recently issued pronouncements that the Company has not already adopted or that have a material impact on the Company.       Subsequent Events    The Company has evaluated all events or transactions through the date of this filing. During this period the Company did not have any material subsequent events that
impacted its unaudited consolidated financial statements.       NOTE 2   DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER SHARE    

32   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 3   SEGMENT INFORMATION       The following table provides significant segment financial data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and as of December 31, 2015 (millions):

33   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 4   DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS    
  Details on long-term debt at September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015 are shown below:   

34   

Table of Contents  

    Fair Value of Long-Term Debt    Currently, the Company believes that there is no active market in
the Company s debt securities, which have all been sold through private placements. If there were an active market for the Company s debt securities, the fair value of the Company s long-term debt would be estimated based on the
quoted market prices for the same or similar issues, or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs (valuations based on
quoted prices available in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are directly observable, and inputs derived
principally from market data.) In estimating the fair value of the Company s long-term debt, the assumed market yield reflects the Moody s Baa Utility Bond Average Yield. Costs, including prepayment costs, associated with the early
settlement of long-term debt are not taken into consideration in determining fair value.       
     Credit Arrangements       On October 4, 2013, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the  Credit
Facility ). The Credit Facility terminates October 4, 2020 and provides for a borrowing limit of $120 million which includes a $25 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. The Credit Facility provides Unitil with the
ability to elect that borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest under several options, including at a daily fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.25%. Provided there is no
event of default under the Credit Facility, the Company may on a one-time basis request an increase in the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility by an aggregate additional amount of up to $30 million.   
  The Company utilizes the Credit Facility for cash management purposes related to its short-term operating activities. Total gross borrowings were $148.3
million and $77.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. Total gross repayments were $153.4 million and $102.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, respectively. In the third quarter of 2016, the Company issued a standby letter of credit for $1.1 million. The following table details the borrowing limits, amounts outstanding and amounts available under the revolving
Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015:   
         35   

Table of Contents  

The Credit Facility contains customary terms and conditions for credit facilities of this type, including affirmative and
negative covenants. There are restrictions on, among other things, Unitil s and its subsidiaries  ability to permit liens or incur indebtedness, and restrictions on Unitil s ability to merge or consolidate with another entity or
change its line of business. The affirmative and negative covenants under the Credit Facility shall apply to Unitil until the Credit Facility terminates and all amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility are paid in full (or with respect to letters
of credit, they are cash collateralized). The only financial covenant in the Credit Facility provides that Unitil s Funded Debt to Capitalization (as each term is defined in the Credit Facility) cannot exceed 65%, tested on a quarterly basis.
At September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Facility in effect on that date. (See also  Credit Arrangements  in Note 5.)
     The weighted average interest rates on all short-term borrowings were 1.7% and 1.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on all short-term borrowings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 was 1.5%.      Unitil Corporation and its utility subsidiaries, Fitchburg, Unitil Energy, Northern Utilities, and Granite State are currently rated  BBB+  by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services.
     In April 2014, Unitil Service Corp. entered into a financing arrangement, structured as a capital lease obligation, for various information
systems and technology equipment. Final funding under this capital lease occurred on October 30, 2015, resulting in total funding of $13.4 million. The capital lease matures on September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2016, there are
$2.6 million of current and $8.4 million of noncurrent obligations under this capital lease on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.   
  Northern Utilities enters into asset management agreements under which Northern Utilities releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets,
resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. There was
$9.3 million, $9.9 million and $10.8 million of natural gas storage inventory at September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to these asset management agreements. The amount of natural gas
inventory released in September 2016 and payable in October 2016 is $0.1 million and is recorded in Accounts Payable at September 30, 2016. The amount of natural gas inventory released in September 2015 and payable in October 2015 was $0.1
million and is recorded in Accounts Payable at September 30, 2015. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2015 and payable in January 2016 was $0.6 million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2015.
  
         36   

Table of Contents  

    Guarantees       The Company provides limited guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities. The Company s policy is to limit the duration of
these guarantees. As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately $21.1 million of guarantees outstanding and the longest term guarantee extends through August 2017.      The Company also guarantees the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on the notes issued by Unitil Realty and Granite State. As of September 30, 2016, the principal amount
outstanding for the 8% Unitil Realty notes was $0.6 million, and the principal amount outstanding for the 7.15% Granite State notes was $10.0 million.       NOTE 5   COMMON STOCK AND PREFERRED STOCK        Common Stock    
  The Company s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol,  UTL.    
  The Company had 13,982,941, 13,991,430 and 14,060,147 shares of common stock outstanding at September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2016, respectively.       Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan    During the first nine months of 2016, the
Company sold 24,697 shares of its common stock, at an average price of $39.88 per share, in connection with its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) and its 401(k) plans resulting in net proceeds of approximately $985,000. The DRP
provides participants in the plan a method for investing cash dividends on the Company s common stock and cash payments in additional shares of the Company s common stock.       Stock Plan    The Company maintains the Unitil Corporation Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan (the Stock Plan). Participants in the Stock Plan are selected by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors to receive awards under the Stock Plan, including awards of restricted shares (Restricted Shares), or of restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Units). The Compensation Committee has the authority to determine
the sizes of awards; determine the terms and conditions of awards in a manner consistent with the Stock Plan; construe and interpret the Stock Plan and any agreement or instrument entered into under the Stock Plan as they apply to participants;
establish, amend, or waive rules and regulations for the Stock Plan s administration as they apply to participants; and, subject to the provisions of the Stock Plan, amend the terms and conditions of any outstanding award to the extent such
terms and conditions are within the discretion of the Compensation Committee as provided for in the Stock Plan. On April 19, 2012, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Stock Plan to, among other things, increase the
maximum number of shares of common stock available for awards to plan participants.      The maximum number of shares available for awards to
participants under the Stock Plan is 677,500. The maximum number of shares that may be awarded in any one calendar year to any one participant is 20,000. In the event of any change in capitalization of the Company, the Compensation Committee is
authorized to make an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of shares of common stock that may be delivered under the Stock Plan and, in addition, may authorize and make an equitable adjustment to the Stock Plan s annual individual award
limit.   
         37   

Table of Contents  

    Restricted Shares       Outstanding awards of Restricted Shares fully vest over a period of four years at a rate of 25% each year. During the vesting period, dividends on Restricted Shares underlying the award may be credited to
a participant s account. The Company may deduct or withhold, or require a participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any taxes required by federal, state, or local law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any
taxable event arising in connection with an Award. For purposes of compensation expense, Restricted Shares vest immediately upon a participant becoming eligible for retirement, as defined in the Stock Plan. Prior to the end of the vesting period,
the restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant ceases to be employed by the Company other than due to the participant s death.      On January 26, 2016, 43,220 Restricted Shares were issued in conjunction with the Stock Plan with an aggregate market value at the date of issuance of approximately $1.6 million. On April 19,
2016, 800 Restricted Shares were issued in conjunction with the Stock Plan with an aggregate market value at the date of issuance of less than $0.1 million. There were 95,506 and 80,588 non-vested shares under the Stock Plan as of September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of these shares was $35.30 and $33.14, respectively. The compensation expense associated with the issuance of shares under the Stock Plan is being recognized over the vesting
period and was $2.0 million and $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost under the Stock Plan
which is expected to be recognized over approximately 2.6 years. There were no forfeitures or cancellations under the Stock Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Restricted Stock Units       Restricted Stock Units earn dividend equivalents and will generally
be settled by payment to each Director as soon as practicable following the Director s separation from service to the Company. The Restricted Stock Units will be paid such that the Director will receive (i) 70% of the shares of the
Company s common stock underlying the restricted stock units and (ii) cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of 30% of the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. The equity portion of
Restricted Stock Units activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in conjunction with the Stock Plan are presented in the following table:       
    There were 24,294 Restricted Stock Units outstanding as of September 30, 2015 with a weighted average stock price of
$30.04. On October 3, 2016, there were 12,150 fully-vested Restricted Stock Units issued to members of the Company s Board of Directors. Included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015 is $0.6 million, $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively, representing the fair value of liabilities associated with the portion of fully vested Restricted Stock
Units that will be settled in cash.   
         38   

Table of Contents  

    Preferred Stock       There was $0.2 million, or 1,893 shares, and $0.2 million, or 1,898 shares, of Unitil Energy s 6.00% Series Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. There was $0.2 million, or 2,009 shares, of Unitil Energy s 6.00% Series Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2015. There were less than $0.1 million of total dividends declared on Preferred Stock in each of the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.       NOTE 6   REGULATORY MATTERS
       UNITIL S REGULATORY MATTERS ARE DESCRIBED IN NOTE 8 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS IN ITEM 8 OF PART II OF UNITIL
CORPORATION S FORM 10-K FOR DECEMBER 31, 2015 AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JANUARY 28, 2016.        Rate
Case Activity        Unitil Energy   Base Rates    On April 29, 2016 Unitil Energy filed for an increase in distribution
base rates with the NHPUC. The Company is seeking an increase in base rates of approximately $6.3 million or 3.6 percent above present rates. The Company also requested a long-term rate plan for the annual recovery in future years of the costs
associated with certain plant additions. On June 28, 2016 the NHPUC approved a settlement agreement between the Company, Commission Staff and the Officer of Consumer Advocate on a $2.4 million temporary rate increase effective July 1,
2016. The temporary rate increase will remain in effect until a permanent rate increase decision is issued. Once a permanent rate is decided, it will be reconciled back to the effective date of the temporary rate increase. The remaining issues in
the rate case are pending investigation and decision by the NHPUC.       Fitchburg   Base Rates   Electric    On June 16,
2015, Fitchburg filed for a $3.8 million increase in its electric base revenue decoupling target, which represented a 5.6 percent increase over 2014 test year operating electric revenues. The filing included a request for approval of a capital cost
recovery mechanism to recover additions to utility plant on an annual basis. An Order was issued on April 29, 2016 approving a $2.1 million increase effective May 1, 2016. The MDPU also approved a capital cost recovery mechanism. On
July 1, 2016, Fitchburg made its first capital cost adjustment filing documenting its capital investments for calendar year 2015 and presenting the associated revenue requirements for recovery beginning January 1, 2017. This filing is
under MDPU review.       Fitchburg   Electric Operations    On November 17, 2015, Fitchburg submitted its 2015 annual
reconciliation of costs and revenues for transition and transmission under its restructuring plan, including the reconciliation of costs and revenues for a number of other surcharges and cost factors, for review and approval by the MDPU. All of the
rates were given final approval by the MDPU on December 29, 2015, effective January 1, 2016.       Fitchburg   Base Rates  
Gas    On June 16, 2015, Fitchburg filed for a $3.0 million increase in its gas base revenue decoupling target, which represents an 8.3 percent increase over 2014 test year total gas operating revenues. Hearings were completed and
briefs filed. An Order was issued on April 29, 2016 approving a $1.6 million increase effective May 1, 2016.   
         39   

Table of Contents  

    Fitchburg   Gas Operations    On October 31, 2015, Fitchburg submitted its second
annual filing to recover the estimated costs to be incurred in calendar year 2016 under its approved 20 year gas system enhancement plan program. The plan was established pursuant to legislation that provided for the establishment of comprehensive
replacement programs to address aging natural gas pipeline infrastructure. On April 29, 2016, the MDPU approved the Company s request to collect in rates $0.9 million for the estimated costs of its cumulative capital investments for 2015
and 2016, effective May 1, 2016. Also on April 29, 2016, Fitchburg submitted its cost filing which documents the Company s actual capital costs and final revenue requirement under the program for calendar year 2015. Any over or
under-recovery of the Company s 2015 revenue requirement will be reconciled in rates effective November 1, 2016. This matter remains pending.       Northern Utilities   Base Rates   Maine    The rate case settlement in Northern Utilities  Maine division s last rate case allowed the Company to implement a Targeted
Infrastructure Replacement Adjustment (TIRA) rate mechanism to adjust base distribution rates annually to recover the revenue requirements associated with targeted investments in gas distribution system infrastructure replacement and upgrade
projects. The TIRA has an initial term of four years and covers targeted capital expenditures in 2013 through 2016. The 2016 TIRA, for 2015 expenditures, was filed on February 29, 2016, provides for an annual increase in base distribution
revenue of $1.5 million, effective May 1, 2016, and was approved by the MPUC on April 28, 2016.       Northern Utilities  
Targeted Area Build-out Program   Maine    On December 22, 2015 the MPUC approved a new Targeted Area Build-out program and associated rate surcharge mechanism. This program is designed to allow the economic extension of natural
gas mains to new, targeted service areas in Maine and is being initially piloted in the City of Saco. It allows customers in the targeted area the ability to pay a rate surcharge, instead of a large upfront payment or capital contribution to connect
to the natural gas delivery system. This pilot program is planned to be built out over the next three years and has the potential to add 1,000 new customers and approximately $1 million in annual distribution revenue in the Saco pilot area. The
Company will continue to evaluate the success of the program and ways to economically reach new targeted service areas.       Northern Utilities
  Base Rates   New Hampshire    Northern Utilities  New Hampshire division s last rate case resulted in a settlement agreement providing for an increase of $4.6 million in distribution base revenue and an additional step
increase in revenue of $1.4 million for investments in gas mains extensions and infrastructure replacement projects, effective May 1, 2014, and a step adjustment that provided for an annual increase of $1.8 million in revenue effective
May 1, 2015.       Northern Utilities   Pipeline Refund    On February 19, 2015, the FERC issued Opinion No. 524-A,
the final order in Portland Natural Gas Transmission s (PNGTS) Section 4 rate case, requiring PNGTS to issue refunds to shippers. Northern Utilities received a pipeline refund of $22.0 million on April 15, 2015. As a gas
supply-related refund, the entire amount refunded will be credited to Northern Utilities  customers and marketers. In New Hampshire, the refund is being credited to all customers over a three year period as directed by the NHPUC. In Maine, the
refund has been divided into two parts, as directed by the MPUC. Maine retail customers who purchase their gas directly from Northern Utilities are being credited their portion of the refund over a three year period. The second part of the refund
was paid on October 5, 2015 as a one-time lump sum payment directly to marketers who transport gas on Northern Utilities  distribution system. The Company has recorded current and noncurrent Regulatory Liabilities of $5.0 million and $3.5
million, respectively, on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016.       Granite State   Base Rates  
 Granite State has in place a FERC-approved second amended settlement agreement under which it is permitted each June to file for a rate adjustment to recover the revenue requirements associated with specified capital investments in gas
transmission projects up to a specific cost cap. On June 24, 2016 Granite State filed for an annual revenue and rate increase under this provision of $0.3 million, effective August 1, 2016. This filing was approved by the FERC on
July 13, 2016.   
         40   

Table of Contents  

    Other Matters        NHPUC Energy Efficiency Resource Standard Proceeding    In May 2015 the NHPUC opened a proceeding to establish an Energy Efficiency Resource Standard ( EERS ), an energy efficiency
policy with specific targets or goals for energy savings that New Hampshire electric and gas utilities must meet. On April 27, 2016, a comprehensive settlement agreement was filed by the parties, including Unitil Energy and Northern Utilities,
which was approved by the NHPUC on August 2, 2016. The settlement provides for: extending the 2014-2016 Core program an additional year (through 2017); establishing an EERS; establishing a recovery mechanism to compensate the utilities for
lost-revenue related to the EERS programs; and approving the performance incentives and processes for stakeholder involvement, evaluation, measurement and verification, and oversight of the EERS programs.   
   Unitil Energy   Other    In July 2015, the NHPUC opened an investigation into Grid Modernization to address a variety of issues related
to Distribution System Planning, Customer Engagement with Distributed Energy Resources, and Utility Cost Recovery and Financial Incentives. The NHPUC has engaged a consultant to direct a Working Group to investigate these issues over the next year
and to prepare a final report with recommendations for the Commission. Unitil Energy is an active participant in the Working Group. This matter remains pending.      Pursuant to legislation that became effective in May 2016, the NHPUC has opened a proceeding to consider alternatives to the net metering tariffs currently in place. The legislation requires that a
decision on this matter must be issued by the NHPUC by March 2, 2017. Unitil Energy is an active participant in this proceeding.   
   Fitchburg   Service Quality    On March 1, 2016, Fitchburg submitted its 2015 Service Quality Reports for both its gas and electric
divisions. Fitchburg reported that it met or exceeded its benchmarks for service quality performance in all metrics for both its gas and electric divisions. Fitchburg s annual gas and electric divisions  Service Quality Reports for the
periods up through 2014 have all been approved by the MDPU. On September 30, 2016, the MDPU approved Fitchburg s 2015 electric division Service Quality Report as filed. Fitchburg s 2015 gas division Service Quality Report remains
pending.       MDPU Service Quality Guidelines    In December 2015, the MDPU issued its final order adopting new and revised Service
Quality Guidelines. The Company has generally been able to meet or exceed the performance metrics of the previous Service Quality Guidelines and believes that it will continue to meet or exceed the performance metrics under the new and revised
Guidelines.       Fitchburg   Solar Generation    On August 19, 2016, Fitchburg filed a petition with the MDPU seeking
approval to develop a 1.3 MW solar generation facility pursuant to G.L. c. 164,   1A(f), as amended by Chapter 75 of the Acts of 2016. The facility would be located on Company property in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. The proposal includes a cost
recovery mechanism that would share the costs and benefits of the project among all Fitchburg customers. The MDPU is expected to issue a decision on the petition by the end of 2016, and construction of facilities is expected to be completed by the
end of November 2017.       Fitchburg   Energy Diversity    Governor Baker signed into law H4568  An Act to Promote Energy
Diversity  on August 8, 2016. Among many sections in the bill, the primary provision adds new sections 83c and 83d to the 2008 Green Communities Act. Section 83c requires every   

         41   

Table of Contents  

electric distribution company (EDC) to jointly and competitively solicit proposals for at least 400 MW s of offshore wind energy generation by June 30, 2017, as part of a total of 1,600
MW of offshore wind the EDCs are directed to procure by June 30, 2027. The procurement requirement is subject to a determination by the MDPU that the proposed long-term contracts are cost-effective. Section 83d further requires the EDCs to
jointly seek proposals for cost effective clean energy (hydro and other) long-term contracts via one or more staggered solicitations, the first of which shall be issued not later than April 1, 2017, for a total of 9,450,000 megawatt-hours by
December 31, 2022.       Fitchburg   Clean Energy RFP    Pursuant to Section 83a of the Green Communities Act in
Massachusetts and similar clean energy directives established in Connecticut and Rhode Island, state agencies and the electric distribution companies in the three states, including Fitchburg, issued an RFP for clean energy resources (including Class
I renewable generation and large hydroelectric generation) in November 2015. The RFP sought proposals for clean energy and transmission projects that can deliver new renewable energy to the three states. Project proposals were received in January
2016 and joint evaluation activities are ongoing. Selection of contracts is expected during the fourth quarter of 2016. Fitchburg s final contracts will be subject to review and approval of the MDPU.   
   Fitchburg   Other    On September 23, 2016, the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources ( DOER ) presented its Solar
Incentive Straw Proposal in accordance with Chapter 75 of the Acts of 2016 which directed the DOER to develop a statewide solar incentive program to encourage the continued development of solar renewable energy generating sources by residential,
commercial, governmental and industrial electricity customers throughout the commonwealth. The program would replace the state s expiring solar incentive program, which uses solar renewable energy credits ( SRECs ) and is known as
SREC-2, with a tariff program. The tariff would provide for incentive payments which would be net of energy value (i.e., total tariff rate minus value of energy). The program also includes a variety of tariff adders, including incentives for
location, such as landfill site, for off-takers, such as a community aggregation program, and for other technologies, such as behind-the-meter storage. Cost recovery of tariff payments and administrative costs may be made through a fixed,
non-bypassable monthly charge to all distribution customers. Comments on the straw proposal are due October 28, 2016. The DOER s implementation schedule includes filing emergency regulations by the end of the year, conducting a rulemaking
during winter 2017 to permanently promulgate emergency regulation, MDPU review of model tariffs in spring 2017, and final program implementation in summer 2017.      On May 11, 2016, the MDPU issued an Order commencing a rulemaking proceeding to adopt emergency regulations amending 220 C.M.R.   18.00 et seq. ( Net Metering Regulations ).
Specifically, the MDPU amended its Net Metering Regulations to implement the net metering provisions of An Act Relative to Solar Energy, St. 2016, c. 75,    3-9, and to make additional clerical changes to the Net Metering Regulations. On
July 15, 2016, the MDPU issued an order approving Final Net Metering Regulations. The distribution companies were required to submit draft net metering tariffs to comply with the new regulations, which they did on September 1, 2016. On
August 23, 2016 the MDPU held a technical session to discuss its straw proposal for a monthly minimum reliability contribution ( MMRC ). The purpose of the MMRC is for all distribution company customers to contribute to the fixed
costs that ensure the reliability, proper maintenance, and safety of the electric distribution system. Parties in the proceeding are scheduled to file alternative proposals on October 11, 2016. These matters remain pending.   
  In December 2013, the MDPU opened an investigation into Modernization of the Electric Grid. The stated objective of the Grid Modernization
proceeding is to ensure that the electric distribution companies  adopt grid modernization policies and practices.  In June 2014, the MDPU issued its first Grid Modernization order, setting forth a requirement that each electric
  
         42   

Table of Contents  

distribution company submit a ten-year strategic Grid Modernization Plan (GMP). As part of the GMP, each company must include a five-year Short-Term Investment Plan (STIP), which must include an
approach to achieving advanced metering functionality within five years of the Department s approval of the GMP. The filing of a GMP is a recurring obligation and must be updated as part of subsequent base distribution rate cases, which by
statute must occur no less often than every five years. Capital investments contained in the STIP are eligible for pre-authorization, meaning that the MDPU will not revisit in later filings whether the Company should have proceeded with these
investments. Fitchburg and the Commonwealth s three other electric distribution companies filed their initial GMPs on August 19, 2015. These filings are currently under MDPU review and remain pending.   
  On January 28, 2016 the MDPU approved Fitchburg s Three-Year Energy Efficiency Plan for 2016-2018, subject to limited modifications and
directives in the Order. The Department found that the savings goals included in each Three-Year Plan are reasonable and are consistent with the achievement of all available cost-effective energy efficiency; approved each Program
Administrator s program implementation cost budget for the Three-Year Plans; approved the performance incentive pool, mechanism, and payout rates; found that all proposed energy efficiency programs are cost-effective; found that funding sources
are reasonable and that each Program Administrator may recover the funds to implement its energy efficiency plan through its EES; and found that each Program Administrator s Three-Year Plan is consistent with the Green Communities Act, the
Guidelines, and Department precedent.       FERC Transmission Formula Rate Proceeding    On December 28, 2015, FERC issued an
order, pursuant to Section 206 of the Federal Power Act, instituting a proceeding concerning the justness and reasonableness of ISO-New England, Inc. Participating Transmission Owners  Regional Network Service and Local Network Service
formula rates and to develop formula rate protocols for these rates. Fitchburg and Unitil Energy are Participating Transmission Owners, although Unitil Energy does not own transmission plant. To the extent that this proceeding results in any changes
to the rates being charged, a refund period will begin as of January 4, 2016. The Company does not believe this investigation will have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.   
   Legal Proceedings       The Company is
involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types, which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes, based upon information furnished by counsel and others, that the ultimate resolution of these claims
will not have a material impact on its financial position, operating results or cash flows.      In early 2009, a putative class action complaint
was filed against Unitil s Massachusetts based utility, Fitchburg, in Massachusetts  Worcester Superior Court (the  Court ), (captioned Bellermann et al v. Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company). The Complaint seeks an
unspecified amount of damages, including the cost of temporary housing and alternative fuel sources, emotional and physical pain and suffering and property damages allegedly incurred by customers in connection with the loss of electric service
during the ice storm in Fitchburg s service territory in December 2008. The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court issued an order denying class certification status in July 2016, though the plaintiffs  individual claims remain pending. The
Town of Lunenburg has filed a separate action in the Court arising out of the December 2008 ice storm. The Company continues to believe that both of these suits are without merit and will continue to defend itself vigorously. The Company believes,
based upon information furnished by counsel and others, that the ultimate resolution of these suits will not have a material impact on its financial position, operating results or cash flows.   
         43   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 7   ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS        UNITIL S ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS ARE DESCRIBED IN NOTE 8 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS IN ITEM 8 OF PART II OF UNITIL CORPORATION S FORM 10-K FOR DECEMBER 31, 2015 AS FILED WITH THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JANUARY 28, 2016.       The Company s past and present operations include activities that are
generally subject to extensive and complex federal and state environmental laws and regulations. The Company is in material compliance with applicable environmental and safety laws and regulations and, as of September 30, 2016, has not
identified any material losses reasonably likely to be incurred in excess of recorded amounts. However, we cannot assure that significant costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future. It is possible that other developments, such as
increasingly stringent federal, state or local environmental laws and regulations could result in increased environmental compliance costs.   
   Northern Utilities Manufactured Gas Plant Sites    Northern Utilities has an extensive program to identify, investigate and remediate former
manufactured gas plant (MGP) sites, which were operated from the mid-1800s through the mid-1900s. In New Hampshire, MGP sites were identified in Dover, Exeter, Portsmouth, Rochester and Somersworth. In Maine, Northern Utilities has documented the
presence of MGP sites in Lewiston and Portland, and a former MGP disposal site in Scarborough.      Northern Utilities has worked with the Maine
Department of Environmental Protection (ME DEP) and New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services (NH DES) to address environmental concerns with these sites. Northern Utilities or others have substantially completed remediation of the Exeter,
Rochester, Dover, Somersworth, Portsmouth, Lewiston, Portland and Scarborough sites, though future activities may be required.      Off-site
sediment contamination attributed to the former Exeter MGP was remediated successfully in January 2016. The closure report submitted by Northern Utilities was accepted by the NH DES with minor water quality monitoring for a limited time period.
     At the site in Somersworth, Northern Utilities submitted the investigative report requested by the NH DES in September 2016. Although the
report is currently under review by the NH DES, a recommendation was advanced favoring a third round of on-site treatment of MGP residuals. Northern Utilities anticipates a decision by the NH DES on the recommendation by December 2016.   
  In Lewiston, on-site monitoring continues with a continued yet gradual reduction observed in the concentration of MGP residuals in the on-site
groundwater.      Final remediation activities in Portland were completed in December 2015 and closure documentation was submitted to the ME DEP
in June 2016. Northern Utilities anticipates the ME DEP will issue a Certificate of Completion for these activities by December 2016. Pursuant to an agreement between the State of Maine and Northern Utilities, future remedial activities necessitated
as a result of development of the site will be primarily the responsibility of the State of Maine.      The NHPUC and MPUC have approved
regulatory mechanisms for the recovery of MGP environmental costs. For Northern Utilities  New Hampshire division, the NHPUC has approved the recovery of MGP environmental costs over succeeding seven-year periods, without carrying costs. For
Northern Utilities  Maine division, the MPUC has authorized the recovery of environmental remediation costs over succeeding five-year periods, without carrying costs.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

   The Environmental Obligations table below shows the amounts accrued for Northern Utilities related to
estimated future cleanup costs associated with Northern Utilities  environmental remediation obligations for former MGP sites. Corresponding Regulatory Assets were recorded to reflect that the future recovery of these environmental remediation
costs is expected based on regulatory precedent and established practices.       Fitchburg s Manufactured Gas Plant Site  
 Fitchburg completed the scheduled site work at the former MGP site at Sawyer Passway, located in Fitchburg, Massachusetts in the fourth quarter of 2014. The closure documentation for the site was submitted in December 2015 and is under review by
the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (MA DEP) with a decision anticipated by the fourth quarter of 2016.      The
Environmental Obligations table below shows the amounts accrued for Fitchburg related to estimated future cleanup costs for permanent remediation of the Sawyer Passway site with a corresponding Regulatory Asset recorded to reflect that the recovery
of these environmental remediation costs are probable through the regulatory process. The amounts recorded do not assume any amounts are recoverable from insurance companies or other third parties. Fitchburg recovers the environmental response costs
incurred at this former MGP site in gas rates pursuant to the terms of a cost recovery agreement approved by the MDPU. Pursuant to this agreement, Fitchburg is authorized to amortize and recover environmental response costs from gas customers over
succeeding seven-year periods, without carrying costs.      The Company s ultimate liability for future environmental remediation costs,
including MGP site costs, may vary from estimates, which may be adjusted as new information or future developments become available. Based on the Company s current assessment of its environmental responsibilities, existing legal requirements
and regulatory policies, the Company does not believe that these environmental costs will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations.   
  The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the Company s liability for Environmental Obligations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015.       
 
         45   

Table of Contents  

    NOTE 8: INCOME TAXES       The Company filed its tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2015 with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in September 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had recorded cumulative
federal Net Operating Loss (NOL) carryforward assets and Research and Development (R D) credit carryforwards of $12.2 million to offset against taxes payable in future periods. If unused, the Company s federal NOL carryforward assets will
begin to expire in 2029, and the federal R D credits will begin to expire in 2035. In addition, at September 30, 2016, the Company had $1.5 million of cumulative Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) credit carryforwards to offset future AMT taxes
payable indefinitely.      In 2015, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $63,000 and $288,000 for tax years 2014 and 2015, respectively, in the
tax provision related to Federal research and development tax credits under the rules of section 41 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company will continue to recognize a tax benefit on its incremental qualified research expenses and for the nine
month period ended September 30, 2016 has recognized a tax benefit in the tax provision of $362,852 related to 2016 expenditures.      The
Company evaluated its tax positions at September 30, 2016 in accordance with the FASB Codification, and has concluded that no adjustment for recognition, derecognition, settlement and foreseeable future events to any tax liabilities or assets
as defined by the FASB Codification is required. The Company remains subject to examination by Federal, Maine, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire tax authorities for the tax periods ended December 31, 2013; December 31, 2014; and
December 31, 2015.      The Company bills its customers for sales tax in Massachusetts and Maine and consumption tax in New Hampshire. These
taxes are remitted to the appropriate departments of revenue in each state and are excluded from revenues on the Company s unaudited Consolidated Statements of Earnings.       NOTE 9: RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS       The Company co-sponsors the Unitil Corporation
Retirement Plan (Pension Plan), the Unitil Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Plan (PBOP Plan), and the Unitil Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) to provide certain pension and postretirement benefits for its retirees and
current employees. Please see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016 for additional information regarding these plans.
     The following table includes the key weighted average assumptions used in determining the Company s benefit plan costs and obligations:

46   

Table of Contents  

   The following tables provide the components of the Company s Retirement plan costs ($000 s):

Employer Contributions       As of September 30, 2016, the Company had made $5.1 million and $2.8 million of contributions to its Pension Plan and PBOP Plan, respectively, in 2016. The Company, along with its subsidiaries,
expects to continue to make contributions to its Pension and PBOP Plans in 2016 and future years at minimum required and discretionary funding levels consistent with the amounts recovered in the distribution utilities  rates for these Pension
and PBOP Plan costs.      As of September 30, 2016, the Company had made $25,600 of benefit payments under the SERP Plan in 2016. The Company
presently anticipates making an additional $8,500 of benefit payments under the SERP Plan in 2016.       

Item 3.    
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          Reference is made to the  Interest Rate Risk  and  Market Risk  sections of Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  (above).   
         47   

Table of Contents  

Item 4  .  
    Controls and Procedures       
  Management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Accounting Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer concluded as of September 30, 2016 that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) are effective.
     There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15(d)-15(f)) during the fiscal quarter covered by this Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. The Company plans to implement a new
customer information system; the project is in process and the timing of the implementation is subject to the completion of user testing and system acceptance.        PART II. OTHER INFORMATION        

Item 1.    
    Legal Proceedings          The Company is
involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain specific matters are discussed in Notes 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In the opinion of
Management, based upon information furnished by counsel and others, the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position.   

Item 1A.    
    Risk Factors          There have been no
material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016.   

Item 2.    
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds           Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities       There were no sales of unregistered equity
securities by the Company during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016.       Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers       Pursuant to the written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), adopted by the Company on May 2, 2016, the Company will periodically repurchase shares of its Common Stock on the open market related to Employee Length of Service Awards and the stock portion of the Directors  annual
retainer for those Directors who elected to receive common stock. There is no pool or maximum number of shares related to these purchases; however, the trading plan will terminate when $75,000 in value of shares have been purchased or, if sooner, on
May 2, 2017.      The Company may suspend or terminate this trading plan at any time, so long as the suspension or termination is made in
good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act, or other applicable securities laws.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

   The following table shows information regarding repurchases by the Company of shares of its common stock
pursuant to the trading plan for each month in the quarter ended September 30, 2016.       

Item 5.    
    Other Information          On
October 20, 2016, the Company issued a press release announcing its results of operations for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. The press release is furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as Exhibit
99.1.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

Item 6.    
    Exhibits           

(a)  
  Exhibits         
 
         50   

Table of Contents  

11   
      
  Computation in Support of Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.1   
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.2   
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.3   
      
  Certification of Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

32.1   
      
  Certifications of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

99.1   
      
  Unitil Corporation Press Release Dated October 20, 2016 Announcing Earnings For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.INS   
      
  XBRL Instance Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.SCH   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.CAL   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.DEF   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.LAB   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.PRE   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

*  
  The exhibits referred to in this column by specific designations and dates have heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under such
designations and are hereby incorporated by reference.     
         51   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

UNITIL CORPORATION    

(Registrant)   

Date: October 20, 2016   
      
    /s/ Mark H. Collin    

Mark H. Collin   

Chief Financial Officer   

Date: October 20, 2016   
      
    /s/ Laurence M. Brock    

Laurence M. Brock   

Chief Accounting Officer   
 
         52   

Table of Contents  

      EXHIBIT INDEX    

53   

Table of Contents  

11   
      
  Computation in Support of Earnings Per Weighted Average Common Share  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.1   
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.2   
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

31.3   
      
  Certification of Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

32.1   
      
  Certifications of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
      
  Filed herewith   

99.1   
      
  Unitil Corporation Press Release Dated October 20, 2016 Announcing Earnings For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.INS   
      
  XBRL Instance Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.SCH   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.CAL   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.DEF   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.LAB   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

101.PRE   
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  
      
  Filed herewith   

*  
  The exhibits referred to in this column by specific designations and dates have heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under such
designations and are hereby incorporated by reference.     
         54   

<EX-11>
 2
 d236090dex11.htm
 EX-11

EX-11 

EXHIBIT 11   
  UNITIL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES   
  COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING   
    (Millions except common shares and per share data)   
 (UNAUDITED)      

</EX-11>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d236090dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Robert G. Schoenberger, certify that:      

1) 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unitil Corporation;        

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and    

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Robert G. Schoenberger   
 
 Robert G. Schoenberger  
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d236090dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Mark H. Collin, certify that:      

1) 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unitil Corporation;        

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and    

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Mark H. Collin   
 
 Mark H. Collin  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 d236090dex313.htm
 .EX-31.3

.EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3   
  CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Laurence M. Brock, certify that:      

1) 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unitil Corporation;        

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and    

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Laurence M. Brock   
 
 Laurence M. Brock  
 
 Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d236090dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Unitil Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned Robert G. Schoenberger, Chief Executive Officer and President, Mark H. Collin, Chief Financial Officer and Laurence M. Brock, Chief
Accounting Officer, certifies, to the best knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Signature  
    
   Capacity  
   
   Date   

/s/ Robert G. Schoenberger  

Robert G. Schoenberger  
    
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
   
 October 20, 2016  

/s/ Mark H. Collin  

Mark H. Collin  
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
   
 October 20, 2016  

/s/ Laurence M. Brock  

Laurence M. Brock  
    
 Chief Accounting Officer 
   
 October 20, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 d236090dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1        Page 1 of 4         FOR RELEASE     
   UNITIL REPORTS THIRD QUARTER EARNINGS        HAMPTON, N.H., OCTOBER 20, 2016    Unitil Corporation (NYSE: UTL) ( www.unitil.com ) today announced Net Income of $3.5 million, or $0.25 per share, for the third quarter of 2016, an
increase of $1.8 million, or $0.13 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported Net Income of $16.9 million, a decrease of $0.1 million compared to the same nine month
period in 2015. Earnings Per Share (EPS) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1.21 and $1.22, respectively. The increase in earnings for the third quarter of 2016 was driven by higher electric sales margins, reflecting
increased electric sales, new distribution rates and lower operation and maintenance (O M) expenses.       Higher electric sales driven
by the hotter than normal summer weather and cost control efforts combined to provide strong financial results for the third quarter,  said Robert G. Schoenberger, Unitil s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  We ve had a very
productive summer completing a number of gas and electric distribution system expansion projects, as we have added nearly 2,000 new gas and electric customers in the last twelve months.       Natural gas sales margins were $16.0 million and $71.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in decreases of $0.2 million and $1.4 million,
respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Gas sales margins in the third quarter were negatively affected by a decrease in natural gas unit sales during the usually low-use summer period, partially offset by the positive impact from
customer growth and higher natural gas distribution rates. For the nine month period, natural gas sales margins were negatively affected by lower unit sales due to warmer winter weather, partially offset by the positive impacts of customer growth
and higher natural gas distribution rates. Based on weather data collected in the Company s natural gas service areas, there were 19% fewer Heating Degree Days (HDD) in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The
Company estimates that the warmer winter weather in 2016 compared to 2015 negatively impacted gas sales margins by approximately $5.0 million, or $0.22 per share.   
         6 Liberty
Lane West      Hampton, NH 03842      T 603.772.0775      www.unitil.com   

Page
 2
 of 4             Electric
sales margins were $25.6 million and $66.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting in increases of $3.4 million and $2.2 million, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Electric sales
margins were positively affected by customer growth, higher electric distribution rates and the favorable effect of hotter than normal summer weather.      Usource, the Company s non-regulated energy brokering business, recorded revenues of $1.5 million and $4.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, on par
with the three and nine month periods in 2015.      O M expenses decreased $1.3 million and $1.4 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The decrease in the three month period reflects lower utility operating costs of $1.8 million, partially offset by higher compensation and benefit costs of $0.5 million.
The decrease in O M expenses in the nine month period reflects lower utility operating costs of $2.9 million, partially offset by higher compensation and benefit costs of $1.5 million.      Depreciation, Amortization, Property Taxes and other expenses increased $0.7 million and $2.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods
in 2015, reflecting higher utility plant assets in service and property taxes.      Interest Expense, net was relatively unchanged in the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, Interest Expense, net decreased $0.6 million compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflecting lower levels of
long-term debt and higher net interest income on regulatory assets.      Income Taxes increased by $1.9 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, reflecting higher pre-tax earnings. Federal and State Income Taxes increased by $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
     Also in the third quarter, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared the regular quarterly dividend on the Company s common
stock of $0.3550 per share. This quarterly dividend results in a current effective annual dividend rate of $1.42 per share representing an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments since trading began in Unitil s common stock.   
         6 Liberty
Lane West      Hampton, NH 03842      T 603.772.0775      www.unitil.com   

Page
 3
 of 4             The
Company s earnings are seasonal and are typically higher in the first and fourth quarters when customers use natural gas for heating purposes.      The Company will hold a quarterly conference call to discuss third quarter 2016 results on Thursday, October 20, 2016, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time. This call is being webcast and can be accessed in the
Investor Relations section of Unitil s website, www.unitil.com.       About Unitil Corporation    
  Unitil Corporation provides energy for life by safely and reliably delivering natural gas and electricity in New England. We are committed to the
communities we serve and to developing people, business practices, and technologies that lead to the delivery of dependable, more efficient energy. Unitil Corporation is a public utility holding company with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and
Massachusetts. Together, Unitil s operating utilities serve approximately 103,300 electric customers and 78,700 natural gas customers. Other subsidiaries include Usource, Unitil s non-regulated business segment. For more information about
our people, technologies, and community involvement please visit www.unitil.com.       Forward-Looking Statements    
  This press release may contain forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this press release are
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include declarations regarding Unitil s beliefs and current expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting future results
and conditions that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties include the following: Unitil s regulatory environment
(including regulations relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters); fluctuations in the supply of, the demand for, and the prices of, gas and electric energy commodities and transmission and transportation
capacity and Unitil s ability to recover energy supply costs in its rates; customers  preferred energy sources; severe storms and Unitil s ability to recover storm costs in its rates; general economic conditions; variations in
weather; long-term global climate change; Unitil s ability to retain its existing customers and attract new customers; increased competition; and other risks detailed in Unitil s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These
forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Unitil undertakes no obligation, and does not intend, to update these forward-looking statements.       For more information please contact:        
 
         6 Liberty
Lane West      Hampton, NH 03842      T 603.772.0775      www.unitil.com   

Page
 4
 of 4             Selected
financial data for 2016 and 2015 is presented in the following table:       Unitil Corporation   Condensed Consolidated
Financial Data        
   (Millions, except Per Share data)(Unaudited)        
 
         6 Liberty
Lane West      Hampton, NH 03842      T 603.772.0775      www.unitil.com   

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 utl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 utl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 utl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 utl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 utl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 utl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

