<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_87050_0001213900-16-018151_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3800719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115423</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>248850</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>748588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1627103</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>994900</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018151.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018151
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neonode, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000087050
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				941517641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35526
		FILM NUMBER:		161984638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STORGATAN 23C, 114 55
		CITY:			STOCKHOLM
		STATE:			V7
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		46 0 8 667 17 17

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STORGATAN 23C, 114 55
		CITY:			STOCKHOLM
		STATE:			V7
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SBE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018151.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_neonodeinc.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

Quarterly
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

Transition
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934  

For
the transition period from _______ to ________  

Commission
file number 1-35526  

NEONODE
    INC.   

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
         
      94-1517641   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (IRS
    Employer  
    Identification No.)   

Storgatan
23C, 114 55 Stockholm, Sweden   

  (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes      No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  non-accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Smaller
    reporting company  
         
      Non-accelerated
    filer  

(do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes     No    

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 3, 2016 was 48,844,503.  

NEONODE
INC.   

Form
10-Q   

   For
the Fiscal Quarter Ended September 30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I   
       FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1   
      Financial
    Statements  
      1   

Condensed
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (Audited)  
      1   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      2   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      3   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      4   

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
      5   

Item 2   
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      21   

Item
    3   
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      27   

Item
    4   
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      27   

PART II    
       OTHER
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1   
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      28   

Item 1A   
      Risk
    Factors  
      28   

Item
    6   
      Exhibits  
      28   

SIGNATURES   
         
      29   

EXHIBITS

PART
I.   Financial Information    

Item
1.  Financial Statements   

NEONODE
INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (In
thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NEONODE
INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (In
thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NEONODE
INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

  (In
thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NEONODE
INC.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (In
thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NEONODE
INC.   

   Notes
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

   (Unaudited)

1.
Interim Period Reporting   

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements, include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and results of
operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results for a full fiscal year or any other period.  

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have
been prepared by us, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States ( U.S. ) Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally contained in financial statements prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted. These condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Operations    

Neonode Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries,
is referred to in this Form 10-Q Report as  Neonode ,  we ,  us ,  our  or the
 Company ). We develop and license user interface and touch technology. We also develop, manufacture and sell, hardware
sensor solutions as modules incorporating our technology.  

 We offer a patented family of optical touch solutions under the zForce and Multi-Sensing brands. Our optical
touch technology is capable of projecting a full plane of light beams in free air or over any flat touch surface. Our technology
can also send light into a fluid or a glass to achieve a flush design without a bezel. An object touching the touch surface obstructs
a portion of the projected light beams. This small variance of signal is detected with sensitive light sensors connected to our
touch controllers that process the analog signals and produce touch object coordinates.  

Reclassifications    

Accrued
payroll and employee benefits as of December 31, 2015 is now reported under its own caption, separate from accrued expenses, in
the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet, in order to conform to the current period presentation.  

Liquidity    

We have incurred significant operating
losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. The Company incurred net losses attributable to Neonode Inc.
of approximately $2.2 million and $4.9 million and $1.4 million and $5.2 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of approximately $178.6 million and $173.7 million as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) was $3.7 million as of
September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million as of December 31, 2015. In addition, the Company used cash in operating activities
of approximately $3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $4.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

In August 2016, Neonode entered into a purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement )
with institutional and accredited investors as part of a private placement pursuant to which Neonode agreed to issue a total of
8,627,352 shares of Neonode common stock, as described below, and warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $7.9 million in net
proceeds. The total number of shares includes (i) an aggregate of 427,352 shares at $1.17 per share to Thomas Eriksson, Chief Executive
Officer of Neonode, and Remo Behdasht, SVP AirBar Devices at Neonode (the  Employee Investor Shares ) for gross proceeds
of approximately $500,000, (ii) an aggregate of 4,600,000 shares at a price of $1.00 per share to outside investors (the  Outside
Investor Shares  and, together with the Employee Investor Shares, the  Initial Shares ) for gross proceeds of
$4,600,000, and (iii) up to 3,600,000 shares (the  Pre-Funded Warrant Shares ) issuable upon exercise of warrants (the
 Pre-Funded Warrants  and, together with the Initial Shares, the  Investor Shares ) for which Neonode received
$3,564,000 pre-funded in gross proceeds and up to $36,000 in proceeds upon future cash exercises. In addition, under the terms
of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Neonode issued warrants (the  Purchase Warrants ) to all investors in the private
placement to purchase up to a total of 4,313,676 shares of Neonode common stock (the  Purchase Warrant Shares ) at
an exercise price of $1.12 per share. See Note 4 for additional discussion regarding the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

In
June 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that became effective on June 12, 2014. We may from time to time
issue shares of our common stock under our shelf registration in amounts, at prices, and on terms to be announced when and if
the securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will
be described in a prospectus supplement and any other offering materials, at the time of the offering. Our shelf registration
statement will expire on June 12, 2017.  

On
October 13, 2015, we issued 3,200,000 shares of our common stock from our shelf registration statement to investors in connection
with an equity financing transaction. We sold the stock at $1.90 per share and raised approximately $6.1 million gross and received
approximately $5.4 million in cash, net of direct offering costs including underwriting discounts and legal, audit and other regulatory
costs of approximately $0.7 million.  

As
of September 30, 2016 there were 1,800,000 shares remaining for issuance under our existing shelf registration statement.  

We believe that, based upon our current
operating plan, our existing cash and cash provided by operations to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next twelve months.
We expect our revenues from license fees, non-recurring engineering fees and AirBar sales will enable us to reduce our operating
losses in 2016. In addition, we have improved the overall cost efficiency of our operations, as a result of the transition from
providing our customers a full custom design solution to providing standardized sensor modules which require limited to no custom
design work. We intend to continue to implement various measures to improve our operational efficiencies. No assurances can be
given that management will be successful in meeting its revenue targets and reducing its operating loss. 

In the future, we may require sources of capital
in addition to cash on hand to continue operations and to implement our strategy. No assurances can be given that we will be successful
in obtaining such additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms,
or at all, we may be unable to adequately fund our business plans and it could have a negative effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, if funds are available, the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible
into equity could dilute the value of shares of our common stock and cause the market price to fall, and the issuance of debt
securities could impose restrictive covenants that could impair our ability to engage in certain business transactions. 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Principles
of Consolidation    

The
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of Neonode
Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, as well as Pronode Technologies AB, a 51% majority owned subsidiary of Neonode Technologies
AB. The remaining 49% of Pronode Technologies AB is owned by Propoint AB, located in Gothenburg, Sweden. Pronode Technologies
AB was organized to enable and build a master platform for a successful mass production of sensor modules. All inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Neonode
consolidates entities in which we have a controlling financial interest. We consolidate subsidiaries in which we hold, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights, and variable interest entities (VIEs) in which Neonode is the primary beneficiary.  

In June 2016, we entered into a Joint Venture
( JV ) with a Swedish based eye-tracking company SMART EYE AB. By combining our technologies, we plan to bring multi-chip
modules to the market for the consumer and automotive markets that provide new opportunities for interaction with cars and devices.
The name of the newly established JV is Neoeye AB ( Neoeye ).  

We use the equity method of accounting to record our investments in the common stock of each entity in which
Neonode has the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not own a majority equity interest. Under the equity method,
our investment is originally included in equity interests at cost, and is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses
of the investee, in our consolidated balance sheets; our share of net income (loss) is reported in our consolidated statements
of operations according to our equity ownership in each entity. 

The
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016, the condensed consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include
our accounts and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries, Neonode Technologies AB (Sweden), Neonode Americas Inc. (U.S.), Neonode
Japan Inc. (Japan), NEON Technology Inc. (U.S.), Neno User Interface Solutions AB (Sweden), Neonode Korea Ltd. (South Korea) and
Neonode Taiwan Ltd. (Taiwan), and the majority-owned subsidiary of Neonode Technologies AB, Pronode Technologies AB.  

The
condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 include our accounts and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries, Neonode
Technologies AB (Sweden), Neonode Americas Inc. (U.S.), Neonode Japan Inc. (Japan), NEON Technology Inc. (U.S.), Neno User Interface
Solutions AB (Sweden), Neonode Korea Ltd. (South Korea) and Neonode Taiwan Ltd. (Taiwan), and the majority-owned subsidiary of
Neonode Technologies AB, Pronode Technologies AB.  

The
unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015 and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include our accounts and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries,
Neonode Technologies AB (Sweden), Neonode Americas Inc. (U.S.), Neonode Japan Inc. (Japan), NEON Technology Inc. (U.S.), Neno
User Interface Solutions AB (Sweden), Neonode Korea Ltd. (South Korea) and Neonode Taiwan Ltd. (Taiwan).  

Estimates    

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires making estimates and assumptions that affect, at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. Actual
results could differ from these estimates. Significant estimates include, but are not limited to, collectability of accounts receivable,
the achievement of substantive milestones and vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value for purposes
of revenue recognition (or deferral of revenue), net realizable value of inventory, recoverability of capitalized project costs
and long-lived assets, the valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets, and the fair value of options and warrants
issued for stock-based compensation.  

Cash    

We
have not had any liquid investments other than normal cash deposits with bank institutions to date. The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  

Concentration
of Cash Balance Risks    

Cash
balances are maintained at various banks in the U.S., Japan, Korea, Taiwan and Sweden. For deposits held with financial institutions
in the U.S. the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, provides basic deposit coverage with limits up to $250,000 per owner.
The Swedish government provides insurance coverage up to 100,000 Euro per customer and covers deposits in all types of accounts.
The Japanese government provides insurance coverage up to 10,000,000 Yen per customer. The Korea Deposit Insurance Corporation
provides insurance coverage up to 50,000,000 Won per customer. The Central Deposit Insurance Corporation in Taiwan provides insurance
coverage up to 3,000,000 Taiwan Dollar per customer. At times, deposits held with financial institutions may exceed the amount
of insurance provided.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts     

Our
accounts receivable are stated at net realizable value. Our policy is to maintain allowances for estimated losses resulting from
the inability of our customers to make required payments. Credit limits are established through a process of reviewing the financial
history and stability of each customer. Where appropriate, we obtain credit rating reports and financial statements of the customer
when determining or modifying its credit limits. We regularly evaluate the collectability of our trade receivable balances based
on a combination of factors. When a customer s account balance becomes past due, we initiate dialogue with the customer
to determine the cause. If it is determined that the customer will be unable to meet its financial obligation, such as in the
case of a bankruptcy filing, deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial position or other material events
impacting its business, we record a specific allowance to reduce the related receivable to the amount we expect to recover. Should
all efforts fail to recover the related receivable, we will write-off the account. We also record an allowance for all customers
based on certain other factors including the length of time the receivables are past due and historical collection experience
with customers. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately $149,000 as of September 30, 2016 and $167,000 as of December
31, 2015.  

Projects
in Process    

Projects
in process consist of costs incurred toward the completion of various projects for certain customers. These costs are primarily
comprised of direct engineering labor costs and project-specific equipment costs. These costs are capitalized on our condensed
consolidated balance sheet as an asset and deferred until revenue for each project is recognized in accordance with our revenue
recognition policy. Costs capitalized in projects in process were $64,000 and $158,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively.  

Inventory    

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method ( FIFO )
and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Any adjustments to reduce the cost of inventories to their net realizable
value are recognized in earnings in the current period. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s inventory consists primarily
of components that will be used in the manufacturing of our first sensor module, AirBar. We segregate inventory for reporting purposes
by raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods. 

Raw
materials, work-in-process, and finished goods at September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Investment
in JV    

We
have invested $3,000, a 50% interest in Neoeye (see above). We account for our investment using the equity method of accounting
since the investment provides us the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. Significant
influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the voting stock of the investee of between 20% and
50%, although other factors, such as representation on the investee s Board of Directors, are considered in determining
whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment, originally recorded
at cost, is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses of the investee and will be recognized in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations and will also be adjusted by contributions to and distributions from Neoeye. The Company
is not required to guarantee any obligations of the JV. There have been no operations of Neoeye through September 30, 2016.  

Neoeye,
as an unconsolidated equity investee, will recognize revenue from technology license agreements at the time a contract is entered
into, the license method is determined (paid-in-advance or on-going royalty), performance obligations under the license agreement
are satisfied, and the realization of revenue is assured, which is generally upon the receipt of the license proceeds. Neoeye
may at times enter into license agreements whereby contingent revenues are recognized as one or more contractual milestones have
been met.  

We
review our investment in Neoeye to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. The primary factors we consider in our determination are the financial condition, operating performance and
near term prospects of Neoeye. If a decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary, we would recognize an impairment
loss.  

Property
and Equipment    

Property
and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are computed
using the straight-line method based upon estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:  

Estimated
useful lives   

Computer
    equipment  
      3
    years   

Furniture
    and fixtures  
      5 years   

Equipment  
      7
    years   

Equipment
purchased under a capital lease is recognized over the term of the lease, if that lease term is shorter than the estimated useful
life.  

Upon
retirement or sale of property and equipment, cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
and any gains or losses are reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Maintenance and repairs are charged
to expense as incurred.  

Long-lived
Assets    

We
assess any impairment by estimating the future cash flow from the associated asset in accordance with relevant accounting guidance.
If the estimated undiscounted future cash flow related to these assets decreases or the useful life is shorter than originally
estimated, we may incur charges for impairment of these assets. As of September 30, 2016, we believe there was no impairment of
our long-lived assets. There can be no assurance, however, that market conditions will not change or sufficient demand for our
products and services will continue, which could result in impairment of long-lived assets in the future.  

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transaction Gains and Losses    

The functional currency of our foreign
subsidiaries is the applicable local currency, the Swedish Krona, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won and the Taiwan Dollar.
The translation from Swedish Krona, Japanese Yen, South Korean Won and Taiwan Dollar to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet
accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for income statement accounts using a weighted-average
exchange rate during the period. Gains or (losses) resulting from translation are included as a separate component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss). Foreign currency translation losses were $(36,000) and $(102,000) during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to translation losses of $(20,000) and $(67,000) during the same periods
in 2015, respectively. Gains resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were $25,000 and $59,000 during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to $11,000 and $42,000 during the same periods in 2015, respectively. 

Concentration
of Credit and Business Risks    

Our
customers are located in U.S., Europe and Asia.  

As
of September 30, 2016, three customers represented approximately 92% of the Company s accounts receivable.  

As
of December 31, 2015, three customers represented approximately 78% of the Company s accounts receivable.  

Our
net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were earned from fifteen and twenty-five customers. Customers
who accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Customers
who accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Our
net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were earned from twenty-three and thirty-five customers, respectively.
Customers who accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2015 are as follows:  

Customers who accounted for 10% or more
of our net revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are as follows:  

Revenue
Recognition    

Licensing
Revenues:   

We
derive revenue from the licensing of internally developed intellectual property ( IP ). We enter into IP licensing
agreements that generally provide licensees the right to incorporate our IP components in their products with terms and conditions
that vary by licensee. Fees under these agreements may include license fees relating to our IP and royalties payable following
the distribution by our licensees of products incorporating the licensed technology. The license for our IP has standalone value
and can be used by the licensee without maintenance and support. We follow U.S. GAAP for revenue recognition as per unit royalty
products are distributed or licensed by our customers. For technology license arrangements that do not require significant modification
or customization of the underlying technology, we recognize technology license revenue when: (1) we enter into a legally binding
arrangement with a customer for the license of technology; (2) the customer distributes or licenses the products; (3) the customer
payment is deemed fixed or determinable and free of contingencies or significant uncertainties; and (4) collection is reasonably
assured. Our customers report to us the quantities of products distributed or licensed by them after the end of the reporting
period stipulated in the contract, generally 30 to 45 days after the end of the month or quarter. We recognize licensing revenue
in the period in which royalty reports are received, rather than the period in which the products are distributed or to which
the license relates.  

Explicit
return rights are not offered to customers. There have been no returns through September 30, 2016.  

Engineering
Services:   

We
may sell engineering consulting services to our customers on a flat rate or hourly rate basis. We recognize revenue from these
services when all of the following conditions are met: (1) evidence existed of an arrangement with the customer, typically consisting
of a purchase order or contract; (2) our services were performed and risk of loss passed to the customer; (3) we completed all
of the necessary terms of the contract; (4) the amount of revenue to which we were entitled was fixed or determinable; and (5)
we believed it was probable that we would be able to collect the amount due from the customer. To the extent that one or more
of these conditions has not been satisfied, we defer recognition of revenue.  

Generally,
we recognize revenue as the engineering services stipulated under the contract are completed and accepted by our customers. Engineering
services are performed under a signed Statement of Work ( SOW ) with a customer. The deliverables and payment terms
stipulated under the SOW provide guidance on the project revenue recognition.  

Revenues
from contracts that are short-term in nature and related costs that are difficult to estimate are accounted for under the completed
contract method.  

Revenues
from contracts with substantive defined milestones that we have determined are reasonable, relevant to all the deliverables and
payment terms in the SOW that are commensurate with the efforts required to achieve the milestones are recognized under the milestone
recognition method.  

Estimated losses on all SOW projects
are recognized in full as soon as they become evident. In the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $0 and $165,000 were
recorded as cost of sales due to expected losses related to two SOW projects, respectively. 

Product Revenue:  

Neonode will recognize revenue from the sale
of products when all of the following conditions are met: (1) evidence existed of an arrangement with the customer, typically
consisting of a purchase order or contract; (2) our product was delivered and the risk of loss passed to the customer; (3) we
completed all of the necessary terms of the contract; (4) the amount of revenue to which we were entitled was fixed or determinable;
and (5) we believed it was probable that we would be able to collect the amount due from the customer. To the extent that one
or more of these conditions has not been satisfied, we defer recognition of revenue. 

Until we are able to estimate returns, we will record deferred revenue upon invoicing and transfer of ownership
of goods to our customers. We will record estimated commitments related to price protections, marketing development allowances
and rebates as reductions to revenue. If those commitments cannot be reasonably and reliably estimated, we will defer revenue recognition
until reliable estimates can be made. 

Revenues from the sales of new products including
AirBar will be stated separately from other types of revenue, and will be reported net of discounts, returns, and allowances. 

Warranty Expense   

We will record a warranty provision
related to product sales, including AirBar, when amounts can be estimated, which will include an appropriate provision for
return processing charges in compliance with the terms of our contracts with resellers. 

Deferred
Revenues    

From
time-to-time we receive pre-payments from our customers related to future services or future license fee revenues. We defer the
license fees until we have met all accounting requirements for revenue recognition as per unit royalty products are distributed
and royalty reports are received. Engineering development fee revenues are deferred until such time as the engineering work has
been completed and accepted by our customers.  

Advertising    

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to approximately $76,000 and $193,000, respectively.
Advertising costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 amounted to approximately $46,000 and $74,000, respectively.
We will classify any reseller marketing allowances related to AirBar in general as sales expense unless we can define an identifiable
benefit to us from the reseller marketing allowance.  

Research
and Development    

Research
and development ( R D ) costs are expensed as incurred. R D costs consist mainly of personnel related costs
in addition to some external consultancy costs such as testing, certifying and measurements.  

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense    

We
measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments, including stock options, based
on the estimated fair value of the award on the grant date, and recognize the value as compensation expense over the period the
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures.  

We
account for equity instruments issued to non-employees at their estimated fair value. The measurement date for the estimated fair
value for the equity instruments issued is determined at the earlier of (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by
the consultant or vendor is reached, or (2) the date at which the consultant or vendor s performance is complete. In the
case of equity instruments issued to consultants, the fair value of the equity instruments is primarily recognized over the term
of the consulting agreement. The estimated fair value of the stock-based compensation is periodically re-measured and income or
expense is recognized during the vesting term.  

When
determining stock-based compensation expense involving options and warrants, we determine the estimated fair value of options
and warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  

Noncontrolling
Interests    

The
Company recognizes noncontrolling interests as equity in the condensed consolidated financial statements separate from the parent
company s equity. Noncontrolling interests  partners have less than 50% share of voting rights at any one of the subsidiary
level companies. The amount of net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests is included in consolidated net income
(loss) on the face of the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Changes in a parent entity s ownership interest
in a subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation are treated as equity transactions if the parent entity retains its controlling
financial interest. The Company recognizes a gain or loss in net income (loss) when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. Such gain
or loss is measured using the fair value of the noncontrolling equity investment on the deconsolidation date. Additionally, operating
losses are allocated to noncontrolling interests even when such allocation creates a deficit balance for the noncontrolling interest
partner.  

The
Company provides either in the condensed consolidated statement of stockholders  (deficit) equity, if presented, or in the
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements, a reconciliation at the beginning and the end of the period of the carrying
amount of total equity (net assets), equity (net assets) attributable to the parent, and equity (net assets) attributable to the
noncontrolling interest that separately discloses:  

(1)  
      Net
    income or loss.   

(2)  
      Transactions
    with owners acting in their capacity as owners, showing separately contributions from and distributions to owners.    

(3)  
      Each
    component of other comprehensive income or loss.   

Income
Taxes    

We
recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of items that have been included in the
consolidated financial statements or tax returns. We estimate income taxes based on rates in effect in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial statement
and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
to reverse. The realization of deferred tax assets is based on historical tax positions and expectations about future taxable
income. Valuation allowances are recorded against net deferred tax assets when, in our opinion, realization is uncertain based
on the  more likely than not  criteria of the accounting guidance.  

Based
on the uncertainty of future pre-tax income, we fully reserved our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period such determination was made. The provision for income taxes represents
the net change in deferred tax amounts, plus income taxes paid or payable for the current period.  

We
follow U.S. GAAP related accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, which provisions include a two-step approach to recognizing,
de-recognizing and measuring uncertainty in income taxes. As a result, we did not recognize a liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had no unrecognized tax benefits.  

Net
Loss per Share    

Net
loss per share amounts has been computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Net loss per share, assuming dilution amounts from common stock equivalents,
is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potential common stock equivalents outstanding
during the period. The weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potential common stock equivalents used in computing
the net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 exclude the potential common stock equivalents,
as the effect would be anti-dilutive (See Note 8).  

Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss)    

Our
other comprehensive income (loss) includes foreign currency translation gains and losses. The cumulative amount of translation
gains and losses are reflected as a separate component of stockholders  (deficit) equity in the condensed consolidated balance
sheets as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  

Cash
Flow Information    

Cash
flows in foreign currencies have been converted to U.S. Dollars at an approximate weighted-average exchange rate for the respective
reporting periods. The weighted-average exchange rate for the condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows:  

Exchange
rate for the condensed consolidated balance sheets was as follows:   

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    

We
disclose the estimated fair values for all financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. Financial
instruments including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses and are deemed to approximate fair value
due to their short maturities.  

New
Accounting Pronouncements    

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606 )   ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 amends
the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry specific requirements and converges areas under this topic
with those of the International Financial Reporting Standards. The ASU implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue
recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced
disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. Other
major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring the time value of money is considered
in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved
in certain circumstances. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment
as of the date of adoption. On July 9, 2015, the FASB approved amendments deferring the effective date by one year to December
15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitting early adoption of the standard, but not before
the original effective date or for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We have not yet selected a transition
method and are currently assessing the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and
disclosures.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern . The amendments in this update provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibilities
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. The main provision of the amendments are for an entity s management, in connection with the preparation
of financial statements, to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued. Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known or reasonably knowable
at the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. When management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, the entity should disclose information that enables users
of the consolidated financial statements to understand all of the following: (1) principal conditions or events that raised substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management s plans); (2)
management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet
its obligations; and (3) management s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern or management s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt
about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The amendments in this update are effective for interim and annual
reporting periods after December 15, 2016 and early application is permitted. We are currently assessing this guidance for future
implementation. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,
 Inventory (Topic 330)  ( ASU 2015-11 ). The amendments in ASU 2015-11 require that an entity measure
inventory within the scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amendments
in this update more closely align the measurement of inventory in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively with
early application permitted as of the beginning of the interim or annual reporting period. The Company adopted the provisions
of ASU 2015-11 effective September 1, 2016. 

In November 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income
Taxes (Topic 740), Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ), which eliminates the current
requirement for an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and non-current amounts in a classified
balance sheet. Instead, the ASU requires deferred tax liabilities, deferred tax assets and valuation allowances be classified
as non-current in a classified balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. Additionally, this guidance may be applied
either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company elected not to early adopt ASU 2015-17 and is evaluating
the effect of the adoption of this ASU to its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize the following
for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: a lease liability, which is a lessee s
obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an
asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application
is permitted. Lessees must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would
not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees may not
apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company elected not to early adopt ASU 2016-02 and is evaluating the effect
of the adoption of this ASU to its consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,  Investments- Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the
Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  ( ASU 2016-07 ). ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement to apply
the equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a previously held investment.
ASU 2016-07 is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU
to its consolidated financial statements.   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU
2016-09 ), which simplified certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU
2016-09 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual
periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new stock compensation standard on its consolidated financial
statements. 

3.
Deferred Revenues   

We
defer license fees until we have met all accounting requirements for revenue recognition as per unit royalty products are distributed
and royalty reports are received. Engineering development fee revenues are deferred until such time as the engineering work has
been completed and accepted by our customers. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have $2.1 million and $1.1 million,
respectively, of deferred license fee revenue related to prepayments for future license fees from four and two customers, respectively,
and a total of $0.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively, of deferred engineering development fees from four and one customers.  

4.
Stockholders  Equity   

Securities Purchase Agreement   

In August 2016, Neonode entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with institutional and accredited investors
as part of a private placement pursuant to which Neonode agreed to issue a total of 8,627,352 shares of Neonode common stock, as
described below, and warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $7.9 million in net proceeds. The total number of shares includes
(i) an aggregate of 427,352 Employee Investor Shares at $1.17 per share for gross proceeds of approximately $500,000, (ii) an aggregate
of 4,600,000 Outside Investor Shares at a price of $1.00 per share for gross proceeds of $4,600,000, and (iii) up to 3,600,000
Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants for which Neonode received $3,564,000 pre-funded in
gross proceeds and up to $36,000 in proceeds upon future cash exercises. The Pre-Funded Warrants were issued to certain outside
investors whose purchase of shares of Neonode common stock would make them the beneficial owners of more than 9.99% of the outstanding
common stock of Neonode. Each of the Pre-Funded Warrants were pre-funded upon closing of the private placement at $0.99 per Pre-Funded
Warrant Share and have an exercise price of $0.01 per Pre-Funded Warrant Share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable
upon issuance and will not expire prior to exercise. 

In addition, under the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, Neonode issued the Purchase Warrants to all investors in the private placement to purchase up to a total of
4,313,676 shares of Neonode common stock at an exercise price of $1.12 per share. The total number of Purchase Warrant Shares represents
a ratio of 50% warrant coverage to the Investor Shares such that investors will be entitled to receive one Purchase Warrant Share
upon cash exercise for every two Initial Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants purchased. The Purchase Warrants will expire five and one-half
years from issuance and are non-exercisable for the first six months. The terms of the Purchase Warrants require that exercise
may only be for cash and not on a cashless basis unless, after a period of six months from closing of the private placement, the
Purchase Warrant Shares are not subject to a registration statement or there has been a failure to maintain the effective registration
of the Purchase Warrant Shares by Neonode as described below.  

The exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants
and the Purchase Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, and similar transactions
or a  Fundamental Transaction  as provided for in the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Purchase Warrants. The
holders may exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants or the Purchase Warrants in whole or in part.   

In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement,
Neonode entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) pursuant to which Neonode
will file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the offer and sale by the holders of
the Initial Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, and the Purchase Warrant Shares. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
Neonode is obligated to file the registration statement within 30 days and to use best efforts to cause the registration statement
to be declared effective within 90 days. Failure to meet those and related obligations, or failure to maintain the effective
registration of the Initial Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, and Purchase Warrant Shares will subject Neonode to payment
for liquidated damages. The registration statement was filed and declared effective in September 2016. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, Neonode has agreed that during the 90-day period following the required effectiveness of the registration statement
described above, Neonode will not announce, issue, or enter into any agreement to issue any shares of Neonode common stock or equivalents,
subject to certain exceptions including securities issuable pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or pursuant to exercises,
exchanges, or conversions of Neonode s outstanding securities, issuances pursuant to any employee benefit plan of Neonode,
and issuances pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions. In addition, Neonode has agreed not to enter into any  Variable
Rate Transaction  as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement for a period of up to two years. 

Other Common Stock Activity   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a warrant holder exercised warrants to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock using
the cashless net exercise provision allowed in the warrant and received 11,565 shares of our common stock.  

Preferred
Stock    

We
have one class of preferred stock outstanding. The terms of the Series B Preferred stock are as follows:  

Dividends
and Distributions   

The
holders of shares of Series B Preferred stock are entitled to participate with the holders of our common stock with respect to
any dividends declared on the common stock in proportion to the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
shares of Series B Preferred stock held by them.  

Liquidation
Preference   

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of our operations, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights
of the Series B Preferred stock and Senior Preferred stock, shall be entitled to receive, after any distribution to the holders
of senior preferred stock and prior to and in preference to any distribution to the holders of common stock, $0.001 for each share
of Series B Preferred stock then outstanding.  

Voting   

The
holders of shares of Series B Preferred stock have one vote for each share of Series B Preferred stock held by them.  

Conversion  

Initially,
each share of Series B Preferred stock was convertible into one share of our common stock. On March 31, 2009, our stockholders
approved a resolution to increase the authorized share capital, and to increase the conversion ratio to 132.07 shares of our common
stock for each share of Series B Preferred stock.  

Conversion
of Preferred Stock Issued to Common Stock    

The
following table summarizes the amounts as of September 30, 2016.  

Warrants    

A
summary of all warrant activity is set forth below:  

Outstanding Warrants to Purchase 
Common Stock as of September 30, 2016: 

Certain outside investors whose purchase of shares would
make them the beneficial owners of more than 9.99% of Neonode s outstanding common stock received pre-funded warrants in
lieu of common stock. These pre-funded warrants for outside investors were sold at $0.99 per share for a total cash payment of
$3.6 million and contain a Pre-Funded warrant exercise price of $0.01 per share to represent a total payment of $1.00 per share.
The warrants issued in the August 2016 financing transaction are not exercisable for six months from the issuance date, until February
2017. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance and will not expire prior to exercise. 

5.
Stock-Based Compensation   

The
stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects the estimated fair value
of the vested portion of options granted to employees, directors and eligible consultants. Stock-based compensation expense in
the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in thousands):  

The
remaining unrecognized expense related to stock options will be recognized on a straight line basis monthly as compensation expense
over the remaining vesting period, which approximates 1.3 years.  

The
estimated fair value of stock-based awards is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, even though this model
was developed to estimate the fair value of freely tradable, fully transferable options without vesting restrictions, which differ
significantly from our stock options. The Black-Scholes model also requires subjective assumptions, including future stock price
volatility and expected time to exercise, which greatly affect the calculated values. The expected term and forfeiture rate of
options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior, as well
as expected behavior on outstanding options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rates in effect during the corresponding
period of grant. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. These factors could change
in the future, which would affect fair values of stock options granted in such future periods, and could cause volatility in the
total amount of the stock-based compensation expense reported in future periods.  

Stock
Options    

We
have adopted equity incentive plans for which stock options and restricted stock awards are available to grant to employees, consultants
and directors. Except for 265,000 options issued to certain Swedish employees during 2015, all employee, consultant and director
stock options granted under our stock option plans have an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common stock
on the grant date. There are no vesting provisions tied to performance conditions for any options, as vesting for all outstanding
option grants was based only on continued service as an employee, consultant or director. All of our outstanding stock options
and restricted stock awards are classified as equity instruments.  

As
of September 30, 2016 we had two equity incentive plans:  

We
also had expired one non-employee director stock option plan.  

A
summary of the combined activity under all of the stock option plans is set forth below:  

The
aggregate intrinsic value of the 1,884,750 stock options that are outstanding, vested and expected to vest as of September 30,
2016 was approximately $0.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $54,000 and $0.2 million and $0.2 million and $0.9, respectively,
of compensation expense related to the vesting of stock options. The fair value of the stock-based compensation was calculated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the date of grant of the stock option.  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we granted 25,000 options to purchase shares of our common
stock to employees with a grant fair value of $17,000 computed using the Black-Sholes option pricing model. The weighted-average
grant date fair value of the options during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.67 per share. We did not grant any
options to purchase shares to any of the members of our board of directors. 

See below for assumptions used in the valuation of stock options:   

Stock
options granted under the 2006 and 2015 Plans are exercisable over a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant, vest in
various installments over a one to four-year period and have exercise prices reflecting the market value of the shares of common
stock on the date of grant.  

6. Commitments
and Contingencies   

Indemnities
and Guarantees    

Our
bylaws require that we indemnify each of our executive officers and directors for certain events or occurrences arising as a result
of the officer or director serving in such capacity. The term of the indemnification period is for the officer s or director s
lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements
is unlimited. However, we have a directors  and officers  liability insurance policy that should enable us to recover
a portion of future amounts paid. As a result of our insurance policy coverage, we believe the estimated fair value of these indemnification
agreements is minimal and we have no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

We
enter into indemnification provisions under our agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, typically
with business partners, contractors, customers and landlords. Under these provisions we generally indemnify and hold harmless
the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party as a result of our activities or, in some cases,
as a result of the indemnified party s activities under the agreement. These indemnification provisions often include indemnifications
relating to representations made by us with regard to intellectual property rights. These indemnification provisions generally
survive termination of the underlying agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make
under these indemnification provisions is unlimited. We have not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related
to these indemnification agreements. As a result, we believe the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal. Accordingly,
we have no liabilities recorded for these indemnification provisions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Non-recurring
Engineering Development Costs    

On
February 4, 2011, we entered into an Analog Device Development Agreement with an effective date of January 24, 2010 (the  NN1001
Agreement ) with Texas Instruments pursuant to which Texas Instruments integrated Neonode s intellectual property
into an Application Specific Integrated Circuit ( ASIC ). The NN1001 ASIC only can be sold by Texas Instruments exclusively
to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms of the NN1001 Agreement, we have reimbursed Texas Instruments $500,000 of non-recurring
engineering development costs based on shipments of the NN1001. Under the terms of the NN1001 Agreement, we have reimbursed Texas
Instruments a non-recurring engineering fee of $0.08 per unit for each of the first one million units sold and $0.05 for the next
eight million units sold. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, $0 and $20,000 of non-recurring engineering
expense related to the NN1001 Agreement is included in research and development in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
All payments under the NN1001 Agreement have been made as of 2015.  

On
April 25, 2013, we entered into an additional Analog Device Development Agreement with an effective date of December 6, 2012 (the
 NN1002 Agreement ) with Texas Instruments pursuant to which Texas Instruments will integrate Neonode s intellectual
property into an ASIC. The NN1002 ASIC only can be sold by Texas Instruments exclusively to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms
of the NN1002 Agreement, we will reimburse Texas Instruments up to $500,000 of non-recurring engineering costs based on shipments
of the NN1002. Under the terms of the NN1002 Agreement we will reimburse Texas Instruments a non-recurring engineering fee of
$0.25 per unit for each of the first two million units sold. The NN1002 began sampling to customers in May 2014. As of September
30, 2016, we had made no payments under the NN1002 Agreement.  

On
December 4, 2014, we entered into an additional Analog Device Development Agreement (the  NN1003 Agreement ) with
STMicroelectronics International N.V pursuant to which STMicroelectronics will integrate Neonode s intellectual property
into an ASIC. The NN1003 ASIC only can be sold by STMicroelectronics exclusively to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms of the
NN1003 Agreement, we will reimburse STMicroelectronics up to $885,000 of non-recurring engineering costs as follows:  

Under
the terms of the NN1003 Agreement, we also will reimburse STMicroelectronics a non-recurring engineering fee of $5.00 per each
of the first 10,000 units sold. As of September 30, 2016, we had paid $635,000 under the NN1003 Agreement.  

7.
Segment Information   

We
have one reportable segment, which is comprised of the touch technology licensing business. All of our sales for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were to customers located in the U.S., Europe and Asia. Of our total assets, 55%
and 73% were held in the U.S. as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and 44% and 22% were held in Sweden,
respectively.  

The
following table presents net revenues by geographic region for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in
thousands):  

8.
Net Loss per Share   

Basic
net loss per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was computed by dividing the net loss
attributable to Neonode Inc. for the relevant period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to Neonode Inc. by the weighted average number of shares of
common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding.  

Potential common stock equivalents of approximately
5,000 and 24,000 outstanding stock options and 5.2 million and 0.1 million outstanding stock warrants under the treasury stock
method, and 11,000 and 11,000 shares issuable upon conversion of preferred stock are excluded from the diluted earnings per share
calculation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to their anti-dilutive effect. 

9.
Subsequent Events   

We
have evaluated subsequent events through the filing date of this Form 10-Q, and determined that no subsequent events have occurred
that would require recognition in the condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto other than
as discussed in the accompanying notes.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

   Forward
Looking Statements    

   This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not purely historical may be forward-looking. You can identify some forward-looking statements
by the use of words such as  believes,   anticipates,   expects,   intends  and
similar expressions. Forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties regarding events, conditions and financial
trends that may affect our future plans of operation, business strategy, results of operations and financial position. A number
of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those included within or contemplated by such forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to risks relating to the uncertainty of growth in market acceptance for our technology,
our history of losses since inception, our ability to remain competitive in response to new technologies, the costs to defend,
as well as risks of losing, patents and intellectual property rights, a reliance on our future customers  ability to develop
and sell products that incorporate our technology, our customer concentration and dependence on a limited number of customers,
the uncertainty of demand for our technology in certain markets, the length of a product development and release cycle, our ability
to manage growth effectively, our dependence on key members of our management and development team, our limited experience manufacturing
hardware devices and our need and ability to obtain adequate capital to fund future operations, For a discussion of these and
other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contemplated in the forward-looking statements, please see
the discussion under  Risk Factors  contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015 and in our publicly available filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements reflect
our analysis only as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Because actual events or results may differ materially
from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statement. We do not undertake responsibility to update or revise any of these factors or to announce publicly
any revision to forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.    

  The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.     

  Neonode
Inc., collectively with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this Form 10-Q as  Neonode ,  we ,  us ,
 our ,  registrant , or the  Company .   

   Overview    

 We develop and license user interface
and touch technology. We also develop, manufacture and sell, hardware sensor solutions as modules incorporating our technology.  

  We
offer a patented family of optical touch solutions under the zForce and Multi-Sensing brands.   Our optical touch technology
is capable of projecting a full plane of light beams in free air or over any flat touch surface. Our technology can also send
light into a fluid or a glass to achieve a flush design without a bezel. An object touching the touch surface obstructs a portion
of the projected light beams. This small variance of signal is detected with sensitive light sensors connected to our touch controllers
that process the analog signals and produce touch object coordinates.   

    Licensing
Solutions     

  As
of September 30, 2016, we had forty-one   technology license agreements with global OEMs and ODMs.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had fifteen customers using our touch technology in products that were being
shipped to customers. In addition, we are currently developing prototype products and are engaged in product engineering
design discussions with numerous global OEMs and ODMs who are in the process of qualifying our touch technology for incorporation
in various products. The development and release cycle for these products typically takes six to thirty-nine months.     

  We
also offer engineering consulting services to our OEM and ODM customers on a flat rate or hourly rate basis.   

    Hardware
Solutions     

In
December 2015, we announced AirBar, our first product based on our embedded sensor module. Through a simple USB connection, the
AirBar hardware module can touch enable non-touch PCs. The AirBar  Plug-and-Touch  solution is based on our zForce
AIR sensing platform. We began manufacturing and selling AirBar for PCs in the third quarter of 2016 at our fully automated manufacturing
facility located in Gothenburg, Sweden. In October 2016 we entered into an agreement for final assembly of AirBar with Salutica
Allied Solutions in Malaysia .  We continue to manufacture the sensor module
in our facility in Gothenburg and send the completed sensor modules to Salutica for final assembly, packaging and shipping.   

We currently have signed agreements with Ingram Micro for Europe, North America and Asia to act as our direct
customer and distribution partner. We expect to market AirBar through consumer electronics retailers, online stores, and resellers
to the education and enterprise customers in the U.S., Europe and Asia. Beyond direct purchaser of AirBar by consumers, we anticipate
demand from PC OEMs to bundle AirBar with their non-touch notebooks to add greater value and functionality to their low to mid-end
notebooks. 

In 2015, Neonode entered into
a joint development and cooperation agreement, with Autoliv Development AB ( Autoliv ) to develop a new Human Machine
Interface ( HMI ) sensing product for vehicle steering wheel applications. Neonode will license its zForce DRIVE technology
to Autoliv as part of the agreement. On April 9, 2015, Autoliv paid an initial $1.5 million to Neonode under the agreement and
an additional $1.5 million in three staggered payments subject to and after achievement of project milestones during a 12 months
period. The initial payment of $1.5 million was initially recorded as deferred revenue and was amortized to revenue during the
12 month development period, beginning in the second quarter of 2015. The additional $1.5 million has been recognized as revenue
as project milestones were completed. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the last $375,000 of the initial payment
and the last $500,000 related to completion of project milestones was recognized as revenue. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, $750,000 of the initial payment and $500,000 related to completion of project milestones was recognized as revenue.    

   Results
of Operations     

    Net
Revenues    

 Net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.6 million and $7.3 million, respectively,
compared to net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $3.1 million and $8.2 million, respectively.
Our net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $1.6 million and $6.1 million, respectively, from
technology license fees and $0 and $1.2 million, respectively, in non-recurring engineering services ( NRE ) related
to our touch solutions for customers. Our net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $2.0 million
and $5.4 million, respectively, from technology license fees and $1.1 million and $2.8 million, respectively, in NRE services. 

 The 47% decrease in net revenues for
the three month period 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily due to lower NRE fees recognized in the third
quarter 2016, compared to recognized NRE fees of $1.1 million in the third quarter 2015. There was also a 20% decrease in
license fees, comprised of a 64% decrease of E-reader and tablet license fees which was partially offset by an increase of
license fees from our automotive and printer customers. The decrease in E-reader and tablet license fees is primarily related
to a one time revenue recognition of $0.7 million of license fees from a customer who discontinued E-reader sales in the
third quarter 2015.  

 The decrease of 10% in net revenues for the nine month period 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015
is primarily due to a decrease in license fees from E-reader and tablet customers and NRE services from all markets, partially
offset by an increase in license fees from automotive and printer customers. The decrease in NRE fees is due to the transition
from custom design solutions where we collect up-front fees for design services to standardized sensor modules which require limited
to no custom design services.  

 In the future, we expect to sell sensor modules to our automotive customers for applications such as interactive
door handles, lift gate systems, steering wheels and infotainment systems. We will also sell sensor modules to our printer and
E-reader and tablet customers and AirBar is our first consumer sensor module that touch enables PCs. We expect all of these sensor
modules to generate higher revenues and gross margin profits than our current custom designed solutions provided under a royalty
based license fee. We began shipping AirBar in the third quarter to pre-order customers and made our first shipments for the US
market to our global distribution and fulfillment partner Ingram Micro in October 2016  

 The license fee revenue distribution
per market is 50% for printers, 26% for automotive and 24% for E-Readers and Tablets for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to 32% for printers, 16% for automotive and 52% for E-Readers and tablets in the third quarter of 2015. 

 The license fee revenue distribution per market is and 51% for printers, 27% for automotive
and 22% for E-readers and tablets compared to 38% for printers for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 11% for
automotive and 51% for E-readers and tablets during the nine months ended 2015. 

Gross
Margin     

  Gross
margin was $1.6 million and $6.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.2 million and
$6.2 million for the same periods in 2015, respectively. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 98% and 86% for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 71% and 76% for the same periods in 2015, respectively. Our cost of revenues
includes the direct cost of production of certain customer prototypes, costs of Company employed engineering personnel and engineering
consultants to complete the engineering design contract. Our gross margin has increased in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 due to the increase in our total license revenues as a percentage of total revenues.
The gross margin related to our license fees is 100%. As license fees as a percentage of our total revenues increase, our gross
margin will increase.   

Research
and Development    

Research and development ( R D )
expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million and $5.7 million, respectively, compared to
$1.6 million and $4.8 million for the same periods in 2015. Included in the R D expenses are $0.2 million and $0.6 million
in manufacturing related costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Included in the three and
nine months are non-recurring expenses of approximately $0.6 million related to final development of the new NN1003 ASIC plus
costs related to staff reductions and lease termination. R D costs mainly consist of personnel related costs in addition to
some external consultancy costs, such as testing, certifying and measurements, along with costs related to developing and building
new product prototypes. Included in R D expenses is $8,000 and $48,000 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $100,000 and $422,000 for the same periods in 2015.  

Sales
and Marketing    

Sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.7 million and
$2.2 million, respectively, compared to $0.8 million and $2.6 million for the same periods in 2015. The expenses for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 had a reduction compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to restructuring of
our sales team which also is a consequence of the change of business model and as a result of that also a reduction of non-cash
stock-based compensation expense to $19,000 and $132,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $68,000
and $240,000 for the same periods in 2015. Our sales activities focus primarily on OEM customers who will integrate our sensor
modules into their products and the sale of our AirBar sensor module for PC to qualified global distributors. We leverage
our sales relationship with Ingram Micro and expect to increase our sales and marketing budget related to these activities over
the coming quarters. 

General
and Administrative    

General
and administrative ( G A ) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.1 million
and $3.2 million, respectively, compared to $1.2 million and $3.9 million for the same periods in 2015. This decrease in 2016
as compared to 2015 was related to an overall decrease in administration expenses as well as in stock option expenses and professional
fees. Included in G A expenses is $27,000 and $44,000 of non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $8,000 and $286,000 for the same periods in 2015. These are stock options
issued to employees, consultants and members of our Board of Directors.  

Income
Taxes     

Our
effective tax rate was (3)% and (5)% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and (1)% f  or
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The negative tax rate in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 is due to withholding taxes from sales in Asia. We recorded valuation allowances for the three month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 for deferred tax assets related to net operating losses due to the uncertainty of realization.  

Net
Loss     

As
a result of the factors discussed above, we recorded a net loss attributable to Neonode Inc. of $2.2 million and $4.9 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to a net loss of $1.4 million and $5.2 million
in the comparable periods in 2015.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

We
do not have any transactions, arrangements, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that are reasonably likely to
affect our liquidity or capital resources other than operating leases. The company s joint venture with Neoeye AB currently
has no activity. We have no special purpose or limited purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity, or
market or credit risk support; or engage in leasing, hedging, research and development services, or other relationships that expose
us to liability that is not reflected on the face of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Contractual
Obligations and Commercial Commitments   

Non-Recurring
Engineering Development Costs   

On
February 4, 2011, we entered into an Analog Device Development Agreement with an effective date of January 24, 2010 (the  NN1001
Agreement ) with Texas Instruments pursuant to which Texas Instruments integrated Neonode s intellectual property
into an Application Specific Integrated Circuit ( ASIC ). The NN1001 ASIC only can be sold by Texas Instruments exclusively
to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms of the NN1001 Agreement, we have reimbursed Texas Instruments $500,000 of non-recurring
engineering development costs based on shipments of the NN1001. Under the terms of the NN1001 Agreement, we have reimbursed Texas
Instruments a non-recurring engineering fee of $0.08 per unit for each of the first one million units sold and $0.05 for the next
eight million units sold. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, $0 and $20,000 of non-recurring engineering
expense related to the NN1001 Agreement is included in research and development in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
All payments under the NN1001 Agreement have been made as of 2015.  

On
April 25, 2013, we entered into an additional Analog Device Development Agreement with an effective date of December 6, 2012 (the
 NN1002 Agreement ) with Texas Instruments pursuant to which Texas Instruments will integrate Neonode s intellectual
property into an ASIC. The NN1002 ASIC only can be sold by Texas Instruments exclusively to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms
of the NN1002 Agreement, we will reimburse Texas Instruments up to $500,000 of non-recurring engineering costs based on shipments
of the NN1002. Under the terms of the NN1002 Agreement we will reimburse Texas Instruments a non-recurring engineering fee of
$0.25 per unit for each of the first two million units sold. The NN1002 began sampling to customers in May 2014. As of September
30, 2016, we had made no payments under the NN1002 Agreement.  

On
December 4, 2014, we entered into an additional Analog Device Development Agreement (the  NN1003 Agreement ) with
STMicroelectronics International N.V pursuant to which STMicroelectronics will integrate Neonode s intellectual property
into an ASIC. The NN1003 ASIC only can be sold by STMicroelectronics exclusively to licensees of Neonode. Under the terms of the
NN1003 Agreement, we will reimburse STMicroelectronics up to $885,000 of non-recurring engineering costs as follows:  

Under
the terms of the NN1003 Agreement, we also will reimburse STMicroelectronics a non-recurring engineering fee of $5.00 per each
of the first 10,000 units sold. As of September 30, 2016, we had paid $635,000 under the NN1003 Agreement.  

Operating
Leases    

On May 28, 2015, we entered into a three year
lease for 6,508 square feet of office space located at 2674 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134 USA. The annual payment for
this space was $160,000. We paid a final lease termination payment of $60,000 and this lease was terminated as of August 31, 2016. 

On August 22, 2016 we entered into a lease of office space located at 2880 Zanker Road, San Jose, CA 95134.
The annual payment for this space is $15,000 and can be terminated with one month s notice. 

On October 12, 2012, we entered into a two
year lease for office space located at 608 Bureau Shinagawa, 4-1-6 Konan, Minato-ku, 108-0075 Tokyo, Japan. The lease payment
is approximately $2,300 per month. This lease was valid through October 12, 2014. The lease was extended for two years and was
valid until October 31, 2016 under the same terms and conditions. The annual payment for this space equated to approximately $32,000
per year. On September 23, 2016 we entered into a lease of office space located at 405 Elpulimento Shinjuku, 6-7-1, Shinjuku-ku,
Tokyo. The monthly payment for this space is $2,000 and can be terminated with one month s notice. 

On
July 1, 2013, NTAB entered into a lease for 5,900 square feet of office space located at Storgatan 23C, Stockholm, Sweden for
approximately $38,000 per month including property tax (excluding VAT). The annual payment for this space equated to approximately
$458,000 per year including property tax (excluding VAT). This lease was valid through September 30, 2014. On July 1, 2014, the
lease was extended and is valid through November 30, 2017. As from November 1, 2015 we lease 7,007 square feet for approximately
$423,000 per year. It is lower now compared to 2013 due to exchange rate differences. The lease can be extended on a yearly basis
with three and nine months written notice. On December 1, 2015, Neonode Technologies AB s majority-owned subsidiary Pronode
Technologies AB entered into a lease agreement for 9,040 square feet of workshop located at Faktorv gen 17, Kungsbacka, Sweden
for approximately $8,000 per month. The annual payment for this space equates to approximately $93,000 per year. The lease is
valid through December 9, 2017.  

In
January 2015, our subsidiary Neonode Korea Ltd. entered into a lease agreement located at B-1807, Daesung D-Polis. 543-1, Seoul,
South Korea. The annual payment for this space equates to approximately $24,000 per year. The lease is valid through February
13, 2017.  

In May 2015, our subsidiary Neonode Taiwan
Ltd. entered into a lease agreement located at 16F, No. 89 Songren Rd, Taipei, Taiwan. This lease is valid through May 24, 2016
but was terminated on November 30, 2015. The annual payment for this space equated to approximately $46,000 per year. On December
1, 2015, Neonode Taiwan Ltd. entered into a lease agreement located at Rm. 2406, International Trade Building, Keelung Rd., Sec.1,
Taipei, Taiwan. This lease is valid through April 30, 2016. The lease is renewed every three months unless termination is notified.
The annual payment for this space equates to approximately $25,000 per year. 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded approximately $252,000 and $690,000, respectively, for rent expense,
compared to $167,000 and $465,000 for the same periods in 2015.  

A
summary of future minimum payments under non-cancellable operating lease commitments as of September 30, 2016 is as follows (in
thousands):  

Equipment
Subject to Capital Lease    

In
April 2014, we entered into a lease for certain specialized milling equipment. Under the terms of the lease agreement we are obligated
to purchase the equipment at the end of the original 6 year lease term for 10% of the original purchase price of the equipment.
In accordance with relevant accounting guidance the lease is classified as a capital lease. The lease payments and depreciation
period began on July 1, 2014 when the equipment went into service. The implicit interest rate of the lease is 4% per annum.  

During the second and third quarter 2016, we
have entered into five leases for component production equipment. Under the terms of four of the lease agreements we are obligated
to purchase the equipment at the end of the original 3-5 year lease terms for 5-10% of the original purchase price of the equipment.
In accordance with relevant accounting guidance the leases are classified as capital leases. The lease payments and depreciation
periods began between June and October 2016 when the equipment went into service. The implicit interest rate of the leases is
currently approximately 3% per annum. The fifth lease agreement is a hire-purchase where the equipment will be paid off after
5 years. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance the lease is classified as a capital lease. The lease payments and depreciation
period began on July 1, 2016 when the equipment went into service. The implicit interest rate of the lease is currently approximately
3% per annum. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
liquidity is dependent on many factors, including sales volume, operating profit and the efficiency of asset use and turnover.
Our future liquidity will be affected by, among other things:  

actual versus anticipated licensing of our technology; 

actual versus anticipated operating expenses; 

timing of our OEM customer product shipments; 

timing of payment for our technology licensing agreements; 

actual versus anticipated gross profit margin; 

ability to raise additional capital, if necessary; and 

ability to secure credit facilities, if necessary. 

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $6.3 million compared to $3.1 million as of December 31, 2015.  

Working
capital (current assets less current liabilities) was $3.7 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $1.5 million as of December
31, 2015.  

Net cash used in operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.7 million and was primarily the result of (1) a net loss of approximately $5.1
million and (2) approximately $0.8 million in net cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities and (3) approximately
$0.5 million in non-cash operating expenses, comprised of depreciation and amortization, loss on disposal of property and equipment
and stock-based compensation. 

Accounts
receivable decreased by approximately $1.1 million as of September 30, 2016 compared with December 31, 2015. This is due to the
timing of the payments received from customers and a decrease in revenues.  

Deferred
revenues increased by approximately $0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with December 31, 2015,
due to prepayments of $1.4 million in license fees from two customers offset by the completion of NRE services.  

Net
cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $4.9 million and was primarily the result of
(1) a net loss of approximately $5.2 million and (2) approximately $0.8 million in net cash provided by changes in operating assets
and liabilities and (3) approximately $1.1 million in non-cash operating expenses, comprised of depreciation and amortization,
loss on disposal of property and equipment and stock-based compensation.   

In the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we purchased approximately $851,000 and $137,000 respectively, of property and equipment, down payments on capital
lease equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
was the result of net proceeds of approximately $7.9 million from issuance of shares of our common stock and warrants during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net cash used in financing activities
of $40,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of principal payments of $43,000 on a capital lease,
offset by $3,000 related to non-controlling interest for Pronode Technologies AB, which is 51% majority owned by Neonode Technologies
AB. 

We incurred significant operating losses
and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. The Company incurred net losses of approximately $2.2 million and
$4.9 million and $1.4 million and $5.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
had an accumulated deficit of approximately $178.6 million and $173.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
In addition, the Company has used cash in operating activities of approximately $3.7 million and $4.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

On August 17, 2016, we issued 5,027,352
shares of our common stock to employees and investors in connection with an equity financing transaction. Of this amount, $4.6
million was sold at a price of $1.00 per share to outside investors and an aggregate of $500,000 was sold at a price of $1.17
per share to Thomas Eriksson, Chief Executive Officer of Neonode, and Remo Behdasht, SVP AirBar Devices at Neonode. Certain outside
investors whose purchase of shares would make them the beneficial owners of more than 9.99% of Neonode s outstanding common
stock received pre-funded warrants in lieu of common stock. These 3,600,000 pre-funded warrants for outside investors were sold
at $3.6 million. We raised approximately $8.7 million gross and received approximately $7.9 million in cash, net of direct offering
costs including underwriting discounts and legal, audit and other regulatory costs of approximately $0.8 million. 

On October 13, 2015, we issued 3,200,000 shares
of our common stock to investors in connection with an equity financing transaction. These shares of common stock were a portion
of the 5,000,000 shares previously registered in 2014 under a shelf registration statement. We issued the stock at $1.90 per share
and raised approximately $6.1 million gross and received approximately $5.4 million in cash, net of direct offering costs including
underwriting discounts and legal, audit and other regulatory costs of approximately $0.7 million. Per Bystedt (Board of Directors
Chairman), Thomas Eriksson (Chief Executive Officer), and Mats Dahlin (member of our Board of Directors) purchased from the underwriter
an aggregate of 157,893 shares of common stock in the offering at the public offering price per share for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $300,000. 

We
expect that our revenues will continue to increase, which will provide us with improved cash flows from operations for at least
the next twelve months. We may have to explore alternative methods to conserve our cash position. Should we find it necessary
to delay or scale back certain activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially affected.
While there is no assurance that the Company can meet its revenue targets, management anticipates that it can continue operations
for at least the next twelve months.  

In the future, we may require sources of capital
in addition to cash on hand to continue operations and to implement our strategy. No assurances can be given that we will be successful
in obtaining such additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms,
or at all, we may be unable to adequately fund our business plans and it could have a negative effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, if funds are available, the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible
into equity could dilute the value of shares of our common stock and cause the market price to fall, and the issuance of debt
securities could impose restrictive covenants that could impair our ability to engage in certain business transactions. 

The
functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the applicable local currency, the Swedish Krona, the Japanese Yen, the South
Korean Won and the Taiwan Dollar. They are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. Any increase or decrease in the exchange
rate of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Swedish Krona, Japanese Yen, South Korean Won or Taiwan Dollar will impact our future
operating results.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The following changes have been made to the
critical accounting policies as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015. 

Investment in Joint Venture ( JV )   

We have invested $3,000, a 50% interest in Neoeye. We
account for our investment using the equity method of accounting since the investment provides us the ability to exercise significant
influence, but not control, over the investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest
in the voting stock of the investee of between 20% and 50%, although other factors, such as representation on the investee s
Board of Directors, are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under the equity method
of accounting, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize our share of net earnings or losses of the
investee and will be recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and will also be adjusted by contributions
to and distributions from Neoeye. The Company is not required to guarantee any obligations of the JV. There have been no operations
of Neoeye through September 30, 2016. 

Neoeye, as an unconsolidated equity investee, will recognize
revenue from technology license agreements at the time a contract is entered into, the license method is determined (paid-in-advance
or on-going royalty), performance obligations under the license agreement are satisfied, and the realization of revenue is assured,
which is generally upon the receipt of the license proceeds. Neoeye may at times enter into license agreements whereby contingent
revenues are recognized as one or more contractual milestones have been met. 

We review our investment in Neoeye to determine whether
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The primary factors we consider in
our determination are the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of Neoeye. If a decline in value
is deemed to be other than temporary, we would recognize an impairment loss. 

Revenue Recognition  

Product Revenue:  

Neonode will recognize revenue from the sale of products
when all of the following conditions are met: (1) evidence existed of an arrangement with the customer, typically consisting of
a purchase order or contract; (2) our product was delivered and the risk of loss passed to the customer; (3) we completed all of
the necessary terms of the contract; (4) the amount of revenue to which we were entitled was fixed or determinable; and (5) we
believed it was probable that we would be able to collect the amount due from the customer. To the extent that one or more of these
conditions has not been satisfied, we defer recognition of revenue. 

Until we are able to estimate returns, we will record
deferred revenue upon invoicing and transfer of ownership of goods to our customers. We will record estimated commitments related
to price protections, marketing development allowances and rebates as reductions to revenue. If those commitments cannot be reasonably
and reliably estimated, we will defer revenue recognition until reliable estimates can be made. 

Revenues from the sales of new products including AirBar
will be stated separately from other types of revenue, and will be reported net of discounts, returns, and allowances. 

Warranty Expense   

We will record a warranty provision related to product
sales, including AirBar, when amounts can be estimated, which will include an appropriate provision for return processing charges
in compliance with the terms of our contracts with resellers. 

Inventory   

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, computed using
the first-in, first-out method ( FIFO ) and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Any adjustments
to reduce the cost of inventories to their net realizable value are recognized in earnings in the current period. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s inventory consists primarily of components that will be used in the manufacturing of our first sensor
module, AirBar. We segregate inventory for reporting purposes by raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods. 

Advertising   

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 amounted to approximately $76,000 and $193,000, respectively. Advertising costs for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015 amounted to approximately $46,000 and $74,000, respectively. We will classify any reseller marketing allowances related
to AirBar in general as sales expense unless we can define an identifiable benefit to us from the reseller marketing allowance.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

The
functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the applicable local currency, the Swedish Krona, the Japanese Yen, the South
Korean Won and the Taiwan Dollar, and is subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. Any increase or decrease in the exchange
rate of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Swedish Krona, Japanese Yen, South Korean Won or Taiwan Dollar will impact our future
operating results. Our consolidated net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are denominated in U.S. Dollars
and approximately 72% of our consolidated operating costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are denominated in Swedish
Krona, Japanese Yen, South Korean Won and Taiwan Dollar. We do not currently enter into forward-exchange contracts to hedge exposure
denominated in foreign currencies or any other derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. In the future,
if our operations change and we determine that our foreign exchange exposure has increased, we may consider entering into hedging
transactions to mitigate such risk.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures    

Under
the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the period covered by this report that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II.   Other Information    

Item
1.  Legal Proceedings   

We
are not currently involved in any material legal proceedings. However, from time to time, we may become subject to legal proceedings,
claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to, employee, customer and vendor
disputes.  

Item
1A.  Risk Factors   

Except
for the risk factor set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

We
have had a history of losses and will require additional capital to fund our operations, which capital may not be available on
commercially attractive terms or at all.    

We
have experienced substantial net losses in each fiscal period since our inception. These net losses resulted from a lack of substantial
revenues and the significant costs incurred in the development and acceptance of our technology. We believe that, based upon our
current operating plan, we may need additional financing along with our existing cash and cash provided by operations to meet
our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. The additional financing may include equity investments, debt
arrangements, and credit line facilities. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in obtaining such additional financing
on reasonable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable
to adequately fund our business plan, which could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.   

Item
6.  Exhibits   

* Filed
herewith  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

NEONODE
    INC.   

Date:
    November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Lars Lindqvist   

Lars
    Lindqvist   

Chief
    Financial Officer,   

Vice
    President, Finance,   

Treasurer
    and Secretary   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)    

29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_neonodeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1   

Certification
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to Section 302 of  
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, Thomas
Eriksson, certify that:  

1.             I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neonode Inc.;  

2.             Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.             Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)        Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)        Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and  

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)        All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)        Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Thomas Eriksson   

Thomas
    Eriksson   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_neonodeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

Certification
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to Section 302 of   

   the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, Lars
Lindqvist, certify that:  

1.             I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Neonode Inc.  

2.             Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.             Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)        Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)        Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)        Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)        Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fiscal fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.             The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)        All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)        Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Lars Lindqvist   

Lars
    Lindqvist   

Chief
    Financial Officer,   

Vice
    President, Finance,   

Treasurer
    and Secretary   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_neonodeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the quarterly report of Neonode Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of the Company, each hereby certify, solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge:  

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and  
 
   2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date:  November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Thomas Eriksson   

Thomas
    Eriksson   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Lars Lindqvist   

Lars
    Lindqvist   

Chief
    Financial Officer,   

Vice
    President, Finance,   

Treasurer
    and Secretary   

This
certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into
any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, whether made
before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 neond-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 neond-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 neond-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 neond-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 neond-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 neond-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

