<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1089907_0001552781-16-002065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3867643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97823</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>254269</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>824246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1646438</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955617</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>59</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002065.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SWK Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				770435679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27163
		FILM NUMBER:		161981340

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14755 PRESTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 687-7250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14755 PRESTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KANA SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KANA COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002065.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 e00565_swkh-10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q  

   x   
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Quarterly
Period Ended   September 30, 2016  

   o   
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  Commission
File Number: 000-27163  

SWK Holdings Corporation  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)  

(Registrant s Telephone Number,
Including Area Code): (972) 687-7250  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       x 
  YES      o    NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 x    YES      o 
  NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large Accelerated Filer    o   
      Accelerated Filer    o   
      Non-Accelerated Filer    o   
      Smaller Reporting Company   x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     
 o    YES      x 
  NO 

As of November 8, 2016, there were 13,138,340 shares of
the registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

SWK Holdings Corporation  

  Form 10-Q  

  Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

  Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
       1   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
       1   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       2   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
       4   

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
       5   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       20   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       26   

Item 4   
       Controls and Procedures   
       27   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
       27   

Item 1A.     
       Risk Factors   
       27   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       27   

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       27   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       27   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
       27   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
       28   

Signatures   
       29   

Certifications  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

  In addition to
historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. From time to time, we may also provide
oral or written forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and industry, and our beliefs
and assumptions, and include, but are not limited to, statements under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expects,   intend,   plan,   will  and variations of these words and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially
(both favorably and unfavorably) from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements.  

  These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors  and elsewhere
in this report. Forward-looking statements that were believed to be true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect
or false. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.
Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  

 REVERSE STOCK SPLIT 

  On October 7,
2015, we effected a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our common stock, immediately followed by a 10-for-1 forward split of our
common stock. For holders of greater than 100 shares prior to October 7, 2015, the net effect was a 1-for-10 reverse split. All
share and per share information for the periods ended September 30, 2015 have been retroactively adjusted to give effect
thereto.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

  (in thousands, except par value and share
data)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME (LOSS)  

  (in thousands, except per share data)  

(1) Common stock and per share data for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 have been adjusted retroactively to reflect a net 1-for-10 reverse stock split effective October 7, 2015. 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  (in thousands)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

    NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  Note 1. SWK Holdings Corporation
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Nature of Operations   

SWK Holdings Corporation
(the  Company ) was incorporated in July 1996 in California and reincorporated in Delaware in September 1999. In July
2012, the Company commenced its strategy of building a specialty finance and asset management business. The Company s strategy
is to be a leading healthcare capital provider by offering sophisticated, customized financing solutions to a broad range
of life science companies, institutions and inventors. The Company is primarily focused on monetizing cash flow streams derived
from commercial-stage products and related intellectual property through royalty purchases and financings, as well as through the
creation of synthetic revenue interests in commercialized products. The Company has been deploying its assets to earn
interest, fees, and other income pursuant to this strategy, and the Company continues to identify and review financing and similar
opportunities on an ongoing basis. In addition, through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, SWK Advisors LLC, the Company
provides non-discretionary investment advisory services to institutional clients in separately managed accounts to similarly invest
in life science finance. SWK Advisors LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the Texas State Securities Board. The Company
intends to fund transactions through its own working capital, as well as by building its asset management business by raising additional
third party capital to be invested alongside the Company s capital. 

 The Company fills
a niche that it believes is underserved in the sub-$50 million transaction size. Since many of its competitors that provide longer
term, royalty-related financing options have much greater financial resources than the Company, they tend to not focus on transaction
sizes below $50 million as it is generally inefficient for them to do so. In addition, the Company does not believe that a sufficient
number of other companies offer similar types of long-term financing options to fill the demand of the sub-$50 million market.
As such, the Company believes it faces less competition from such longer term, royalty investors in transactions that are less
than $50 million. 

 The Company has
net operating loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) and believes that the ability to utilize these NOLs is an important and substantial
asset. The Company believes that the foregoing business strategies can create value for its stockholders, and produce prospective
taxable income (or the ability to generate capital gains) that might permit the Company to utilize the NOLs. The Company is unable
to assure investors that it will find suitable financing opportunities or that it will be able to utilize its existing NOLs. 

 As of September 30,
2016, the Company had NOL carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $405.0 million. The federal NOL carryforwards, if not
offset against future income, will expire by 2032, with the majority of such NOLs expiring by 2021. 

 The Company also
had federal research credit carryforwards of $2.7 million. The federal credits will expire by 2029. 

 As of November
8, 2016, the Company and its partners have executed transactions with 22 different parties under its specialty finance
strategy, funding $274 million in various financial products across the life science sector. The Company s portfolio includes
senior and subordinated debt backed by royalties and synthetic royalties paid by companies in the life science sector, purchased
royalties generated by sales of life science products and related intellectual property and an unconsolidated equity investment
in a company which retains the marketing authorization rights to a pharmaceutical product. 

 The Company is headquartered
in Dallas, Texas. 

   Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation   

The Company s unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States ( GAAP ).  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries
and affiliates in which the Company holds a controlling financial interest as of the financial statement date. Normally a controlling
financial interest reflects ownership of a majority of the voting interests. The Company consolidates a variable interest entity
( VIE ) when it possesses both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic
performance and the Company is either obligated to absorb the losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the Company
holds the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE, after elimination of intercompany
accounts and transactions. 

The Company owns
interests in various partnerships and limited liability companies, or LLCs. The Company consolidates its investments in these partnerships
or LLCs, where the Company, as the general partner or managing member, exercises effective control, even though the Company s
ownership may be less than 50 percent. The related governing agreements provide the Company with broad powers, and the other parties
do not participate in the management of the entities and do not have the substantial ability to remove the Company. The Company
has reviewed each of the underlying agreements to determine if it has effective control. If circumstances change and it is determined
this control does not exist, any such investment would be recorded using the equity method of accounting. Although this would change
individual line items within the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, it would have no effect
on its operations and/or total stockholders  equity attributable to the Company. 

   Reverse Stock Split   

 On October 7, 2015,
the Company effected a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of its common stock, immediately followed by a 10-for-1 forward stock split
of its common stock. For holders of greater than 100 shares prior to October 7, 2015, the net effect was a 1-for-10 reverse split.
The number of shares of common stock underlying the Company s options and warrants to acquire shares of common stock were
adjusted accordingly. All applicable share data, per share amounts and related information in the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively
to give effect to the stock splits. 

   Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company and reflect all normal, recurring adjustments that, in the
opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the interim financial information. The results of operations for
the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter or for the
year ending December 31, 2016. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared
in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes included herein should be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2016. 

   Use of Estimates   

The preparation of the
Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions
are required in the determination of revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, impairment of financing receivables and long-lived
assets, valuation of warrants, useful lives of property and equipment, income taxes and contingencies, among others.  Some
of these judgments can be subjective and complex, and consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates. The Company s
estimates often are based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that it believes to be reasonable but that are inherently
uncertain and unpredictable. For any given individual estimate or assumption made by the Company, there may also be other estimates
or assumptions that are reasonable. 

 The Company regularly
evaluates its estimates and assumptions using historical experience and other factors, including the economic environment. As future
events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, the Company s estimates and assumptions may prove to be incomplete
or inaccurate, or unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that might cause changes to those estimates and assumptions.
Market conditions, such as illiquid credit markets, volatile equity markets, and economic downturns, can increase the uncertainty
already inherent in the Company s estimates and assumptions. The Company adjusts its estimates and assumptions when facts
and circumstances indicate the need for change. Those changes generally will be reflected in our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements on a prospective basis unless they are required to be treated retrospectively under the relevant accounting
standard. It is possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances, could develop
and support a range of alternative estimated amounts.  

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-07,  Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323).  This guidance simplifies the accounting for equity
method investments by eliminating the requirement in Topic 323 that requires an entity to retroactively adopt the equity method
of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree
of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee
to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date
the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within
those years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated
financial statements when effective. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  This guidance requires an entity to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance also requires an entity to disclose sufficient
information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash
flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative information is required about: 

Contracts with customers  including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation of revenue and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations).   

Significant judgments and changes in judgments  determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time), and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations.   

Certain assets  assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.   

In August 2015, the FASB
issued updated guidance deferring the effective date of the revenue recognition standard. In March and April 2016, the FASB
issued additional updated guidance, which clarifies certain aspects of the ASU and the related implementation guidance issued by
the FASB-IASB Joint Transition Resource Group for Revenue Recognition. This guidance is effective for the Company for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on its results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities.  This guidance changes how entities measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation
and are not accounted for under the equity method. Entities will be required to measure these investments at fair value at the
end of each reporting period and recognize changes in fair value in net income. A practicability exception will be available for
equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values; however, the exception requires the Company to consider relevant
transactions that can be reasonably known to identify any observable price changes that would impact the fair value. This
guidance also changes certain disclosure requirements and other aspects of current GAAP. The amendments in this update are effective
for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance and has not determined the impact that this guidance
will have on its results of operations, financial position and cash flows, nor decided upon the method of adoption. 

 In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  The amendments of ASU No. 2016-09 were
issued as part of the FASB s simplification initiative focused on improving areas of GAAP for which cost and complexity may
be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information disclosed within the financial statements. The amendments
focused on simplification specifically with regard to share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification
of awards as equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance in ASU No. 2016-09 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that the adoption of this new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

 In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326).  The new standard adds an impairment
model, known as current expected credit loss (CECL) model, that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under
the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses, which the FASB believes will result
in more timely recognition of losses. The ASU describes the impairment allowance as a valuation account that is deducted from the
amortized cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the
financial asset. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities should be measured in a manner similar to current
GAAP; however, the amendments in this update require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down,
which will allow an entity the ability to record reversals of credit losses in current period net income. The amendments in this
update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An
entity will apply the amendments in this update through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning
of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (that is, a modified-retrospective approach). A prospective transition
approach is required for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized before the effective
date. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance and has not determined the impact it will have on its consolidated financial
statements when adopted. 

In August 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230),  which amends ASC 230 to add or clarify guidance
on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The FASB issued this guidance with
the intent of reducing diversity in practice with respect to classification of eight types of cash receipts and payments: (1) debt
prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, (2) settlement of zero coupon bonds, (3) contingent consideration payments after a business
combination, (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance
policies and bank-owned life insurance policies, (6) distributions received from equity method investees, (7) beneficial interests
in securitization transactions, and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. For public
business entities, the guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for all entities and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented
but it may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. 

Note 2. Net Income (Loss) per Share  

 Basic net income
(loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of outstanding shares of common stock. Diluted net income (loss)
per share is computed using the weighted average number of outstanding shares of common stock, and when dilutive, shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of options and warrants deemed outstanding using the treasury stock method. 

The following table shows
the computation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share for the following (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding stock options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock in an aggregate of
approximately 403,000 and 464,000 respectively, have been excluded from the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share as all
such securities were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding stock options and warrants
to purchase shares of common stock in aggregate of approximately 374,000, and 464,000, respectively, have been excluded from the
calculation of diluted income per share as all such securities were anti-dilutive. 

Note 3. Finance Receivables  

Finance receivables are
reported at their determined principal balances net of any unearned income, cumulative charge-offs and unamortized deferred fees
and costs. Unearned income and deferred fees and costs are amortized to interest income based on all cash flows expected using
the effective interest method. 

 The carrying value
of finance receivables are as follows (in thousands): 

Credit Quality of Finance Receivables   

The Company originates
finance receivables to companies primarily in the life sciences sector. This concentration of credit exposes the Company to a higher
degree of risk associated with this sector. 

On a quarterly basis, the
Company evaluates the carrying value of each finance receivable for impairment. A term loan is considered to be impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is determined that the Company will not be able to collect the amounts due according
to the loan contract, including scheduled interest payments. This evaluation is generally based on delinquency information, an
assessment of the borrower s financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, if any. The Company would generally place
term loans on nonaccrual status when the full and timely collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain and they are 90
days past due for interest or principal, unless the term loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. When placed
on nonaccrual status, the Company would reverse any accrued unpaid interest receivable against interest income and amortization
of any net deferred fees is suspended. Generally, the Company would return a term loan to accrual status when all delinquent interest
and principal become current under the terms of the credit agreement and collectability of remaining principal and interest is
no longer doubtful. In certain circumstances, the Company may place a finance receivable on nonaccrual status but conclude it is
not impaired. 

Receivables associated
with royalty stream purchases would be considered to be impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
the book value of the remaining investment based upon adverse changes in the estimated underlying royalty stream. 

When the Company identifies
a finance receivable as impaired, it measures the impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted
at the receivable s effective interest rate, or the estimated fair value of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell.
If it is determined that the value of an impaired receivable is less than the recorded investment, the Company would recognize
impairment with a charge to the allowance for credit losses. When the value of the impaired receivable is calculated by discounting
expected cash flows, interest income would be recognized using the receivable s effective interest rate over the remaining
life of the receivable. 

The Company individually
develops the allowance for credit losses for any identified impaired loans. In developing the allowance for credit losses, the
Company considers, among other things, the following credit quality indicators: 

business
characteristics and financial conditions of obligors; 

       current
economic conditions and trends; 

       actual
charge-off experience; 

       current
delinquency levels; 

       value
of underlying collateral and guarantees; 

       regulatory
environment; and 

       any
other relevant factors predicting investment recovery. 

The following table presents nonaccrual and
performing finance receivables by portfolio segment, net of credit loss allowance (in thousands): 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had two term loans associated with two portfolio companies in nonaccrual status with a carrying value, net of
credit loss allowance, of $18.9 million. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had three term loans associated with three portfolio
companies in nonaccrual status with a carrying value, net of credit loss allowance, of $20.1 million. Of the two nonaccrual term
loans at September 30, 2016, neither are deemed to be impaired. 

SynCardia Systems, Inc. ( SynCardia )  

On June 24,
2016, SWK Funding LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SWK Holdings Corporation, sold 100 percent of its debt and equity interests
in SynCardia to an affiliate of Versa Capital Management for upfront cash consideration of $7.2 million plus additional certain
future contingent payments. The Company s interests in SynCardia included $22.0 million of a senior secured first lien loan,
$13.0 million of second lien convertible notes, 2,323,649 shares of Series F preferred stock, 4,000 shares of common stock and
34,551 common stock purchase warrants. The carrying value, as of the date of sale, of the debt and equity interests in SynCardia
was approximately $12.5 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $5.3 million of impairment
expense related to the sale of its SynCardia assets. 

ABT Molecular Imaging, Inc. ( ABT )  

On October 10, 2014, the
Company entered into a credit agreement pursuant to which the Company provided ABT a second lien term loan in the principal amount
of $10.0 million. The loan matures on October 8, 2021. The synthetic royalty payment due to the Company on December 15, 2015 was
blocked by ABT s first lien lender pursuant to the terms of the intecreditor agreement by and between the Company and the
first lien lender as a result of a forbearance agreement entered into between ABT and the first lien lender. Per the terms of the
forbearance agreement, the first lien lender deferred principal payments until maturity of the first lien in March 2016 and ABT
raised additional equity capital.   

In February
2016, ABT violated the terms of the forbearance agreement with the first lien lender. In order to control the work out of the default
under the first lien loan and prevent the equity sponsors from taking control of the first lien term loan, the Company purchased
from an unrelated party the first lien term loan at par for a purchase price of $0.7 million. Since then the equity sponsors funded
cash shortfalls into the second quarter of 2016. The Company continues to work with ABT s equity sponsors to resolve the
existing defaults. 

On June 7, 2016, the Company
entered into an amendment to the first lien term loan, which provided for an additional $0.5 million of liquidity under the first
lien credit agreement. ABT drew down the full $0.5 million by July 13, 2016. On July 30, 2016 and September 12, 2016, the Company
entered into additional amendments to the first lien term loan, which provided for an additional $1.0 million of liquidity under
the first lien credit agreement. ABT drew down $0.9 million as of September 30, 2016. 

The collateral for the
loan has been individually reviewed, and the Company believes that the fair market value of the loan, less costs to sell, was greater
than the recorded investments in the loans as of September 30, 2016. Based on the impairment analysis, the Company has determined
that recording a provision for credit losses as of September 30, 2016 is not required. The Company obtained a third party
valuation to support such assertion. 

B D Dental ( B D )  

On December 10, 2013, the
Company entered into a five-year credit agreement to provide B D a senior secured term loan with a principal amount of $6.0
million funded upon close, net of an arrangement fee of $60,000. Subsequently, the terms of the loan have been amended, and the
Company has funded additional amounts to B D. As of September 30, 2016, the total amount funded was $7.9 million. 

B D is currently in
default under the terms of the credit agreement, and as a result, the Company classified the loan to nonaccrual status as of September
30, 2015. The previously accrued and unearned interest have not been reversed nor has an allowance been recorded for this loan
because the Company believes its collateral position is greater than the unpaid balance. The Company obtained a third party valuation
to support such assertion. 

During the first quarter
of 2016, the Company executed additional amendments to the loan to advance an additional $0.3 million in order to directly pay
critical vendors and protect the value of the collateral. No additional amendments were made in the second or third quarters of
2016. The Company believes its collateral position is greater than the unpaid balance; thus, accrued and unearned interest have
not been reversed nor has an allowance been recorded as of September 30, 2016. 

Besivance  

On April 2, 2013, the Company
purchased an effective 2.4 percent royalty on sales of Besivance  from InSite Vision for $6.0 million. Besivance is marketed
by Bausch   Lomb, a unit of Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Recently the sales performance of Besivance has weakened due to substantial
increases in sales chargebacks and various rebates (gross sales to net sales deductions) and lower sales volumes, which has resulted
in material reductions in the product s net sales and associated royalties  payable to the Company. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced its expectations for future royalty receipts and recognized an allowance for
credit loss on the royalty purchase of $1.7 million. 

Unfunded Loan Commitments  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had total unfunded loan commitments as follows (in millions): 

All unfunded loan commitments
are contingent upon reaching an established revenue threshold on or before a specified date or period of time per the terms of
the credit agreements. 

Note 4. Marketable Investments  

Investment in securities
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist of the following (in thousands): 

The amortized cost basis
amounts, gross unrealized holding gains, gross unrealized holding losses and fair values of available-for-sale securities as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows (in thousands): 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, and the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company had no sales of available-for-sale securities. 

  Equity Securities  

The Company s equity
securities include 736,076 shares of Cancer Genetics common stock and 77,922 shares of Hooper Holmes common stock. During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary impairment expense of $0.2 million and
$1.1 million, respectively, related to the Cancer Genetics common stock. As of September 30, 2016, the Cancer Genetics and Hooper
Holmes equity securities are reflected at fair value of $1.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively, as available-for-sale securities. 

Debt Securities  

On July 9, 2013, the Company
entered into a note purchase agreement to purchase, at par, $3.0 million of a total of $100.0 million aggregate principal amount
of senior secured notes due in November 2026.  The agreement allows the first interest payment date to include paid-in-kind
notes for any cash shortfall, of which the Company received $0.1 million on November 15, 2013. The notes are secured only
by certain royalty and milestone payments associated with the sales of pharmaceutical products. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded impairment expenses related to these notes of $0.1 and $0.9 million, respectively.
Approximately $0.1 million of these expenses reflect the write off of interest accrued on these notes, with the remainder of the
expense taken as an other than temporary impairment. The senior secured notes have been placed on non-accrual status as of September
30, 2016. Total cash collected during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $64,000, of which $23,000 was credited to the
notes  carry value. As of September 30, 2016, the notes are reflected at their estimated fair value of $2.1 million and classified
as available-for-sale securities. 

Note 5. Variable Interest Entities  

The Company consolidates
the activities of VIEs of which it is the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the variable interest holder
possessing a controlling financial interest through (i) its power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) its obligation to absorb losses or its right to receive benefits from
the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In order to determine whether the Company owns a variable interest in
a VIE, the Company performs qualitative analysis of the entity s design, organizational structure, primary decision makers
and relevant agreements. 

  Consolidated VIE  

SWK HP Holdings LP ( SWK
HP ) was formed in December 2012 to acquire a limited partnership interest in Holmdel Pharmaceuticals LP ( Holmdel ).   Holmdel
acquired the U.S. marketing authorization rights to a beta blocker pharmaceutical product indicated for the treatment of hypertension
for a total purchase price of $13.0 million. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary SWK Holdings GP LLC ( SWK Holdings
GP ) acquired a direct general partnership interest in SWK HP, which in turn acquired a limited partnership interest in Holmdel.
The total investment in SWK HP of $13.0 million included $6.0 million provided by SWK Holdings GP and $7.0 million provided by
non-controlling interests.   Subject to customary limited partner protections afforded the investors by the terms of
the limited partnership agreement, the Company maintains voting and managerial control of SWK HP and therefore includes it in its
consolidated financial statements. 

 SWK HP is considered
a VIE due to the lack of voting or similar decision-making rights by its equity holders regarding activities that have a significant
effect on the economic success of the partnership. The Company s ownership in SWK HP constitutes variable interests. The
Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of SWK HP as (i) the Company has the power to direct the activities
that most significantly impact the economic performance of SWK HP via its obligations to perform under the partnership agreement,
and (ii) the Company has the right to receive residual returns that could potentially be significant to SWK HP. As a result,
the Company consolidates SWK HP in its financial statements and the limited partner interests of SWK HP owned by third parties
are reflected as a non-controlling interest in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

  Unconsolidated VIEs  

SWK
HP has significant influence over the decisions made by Holmdel. SWK HP will receive quarterly distributions of cash flow generated
by the pharmaceutical product according to a tiered scale that is subject to certain cash on cash returns received by SWK HP. Until
SWK HP received a 1x cash on cash return on
its interest in Holmdel, SWK HP received approximately 84 percent of the pharmaceutical product s cash flow. As the cash
on cash multiple received by SWK HP increases, SWK HP s interest in the cash flow generated by the pharmaceutical product
decreases, but in no instance will it decline below 39 percent. Holmdel is considered a VIE because SWK HP s control over
the partnership is disproportionate to its economic interest. This VIE remains unconsolidated as the power to direct the activities
of the partnership is not held by the Company. The Company is using the equity method to account for this investment.  SWK
HP s current ownership in Holmdel approximates 46 percent.  The Company accounts for its interest in the entity
based on the timing of quarterly distributions, which are paid on a quarter lag basis.  

For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $1.3 million and $5.1 million, respectively, of equity method
gains. The amount of equity method gains attributable to the non-controlling interests in SWK HP were $0.7 million and $2.6 million,
respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recognized $1.6 million and $4.5 million
of equity method gains, respectively. The amount of equity method gains attributable to the non-controlling interests in SWK HP
were $0.8 million and $2.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

 In addition, SWK
HP received cash distributions totaling $5.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, of which $3.0 million
was subsequently paid to holders of the non-controlling interests in SWK HP. Changes in the carrying amount of the Company s
investment in Holmdel for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):   

The following table provides
the financial statement information related to Holmdel for the comparative periods during which SWK HP has reflected its share
of Holmdel income in the Company s consolidated statements of income (in millions): 

Note 6. Related Party Transactions  

On September 6, 2013,
in connection with entering into a new credit facility, the Company issued warrants to an affiliate of a stockholder, Carlson
Capital, L.P. (the  Stockholder ), for 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price
of $13.88. The warrants have a price dilution mechanism that was triggered by the price that shares were sold by the Company in
a rights offering in 2014, and as a result, the strike price of the warrants was reduced to $13.48. In connection with the credit
facility, the Company and the Stockholder and certain of the Stockholder s affiliates, including the lender, entered
into a Voting Rights Agreement restricting the Stockholder s and such affiliates  voting rights under certain circumstances
and providing the Stockholder and such affiliates a right of first offer on certain future share issuances. 

 Due to certain
provisions within the warrant agreement, the warrants meet the definition of a derivative and do not qualify for a scope exception,
as it is not considered indexed to the Company s stock. As such, the warrants with a value of $0.2 million and $0.3 million
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, are reflected as a warrant liability in the unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains of $28,000 and $97,000 were included in other income (expense), net in
the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. An unrealized gain of $0.1 million and an unrealized loss of $45,000 were included in other income (expense),
net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, respectively. The Company determined the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

The changes on the value
of the warrant liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recognized interest expense totaling $0 and $0.4 million, respectively, consisting of debt issuance cost
amortization. The Company did not recognize any interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Note 7. Stockholders  Equity  

  Stock Compensation Plans  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Board approved the following grants as compensation for Board services: (i) a grant of 3,366 shares
of common stock as the pro-rated director compensation for the non-employee directors appointed on September 6, 2014; (ii) a grant
of 3,000 shares to each non-employee director for services as a director for the period January 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015;
and (iii) a grant of 9,971 shares of common stock in lieu of cash payments to the non-employee directors upon the voluntary election
of such directors. The Company recorded board compensation expense relating to the quarterly grants of approximately $0.1 million
and $0.5 million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Board approved compensation for Board services by granting 18,432 shares of common stock as compensation
for the non-employee directors. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded approximately $185,000 in
board compensation expense relating to the quarterly grants. The aggregate stock-based compensation expense, including
the board quarterly grants, recognized by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.1
million and $0.3 million, respectively. 

The following table summarizes activities under
the option plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016,
there were 0.3 million shares reserved for equity awards under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Company had $0.1 million
of total unrecognized stock option expense, net of estimated forfeitures, which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining
period of 2.9 years. 

The following table summarizes
significant ranges of outstanding and exercisable options as of September 30, 2016: 

J. Brett Pope resigned
as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors effective January 12, 2016. Under the terms
of Mr. Pope s severance agreement, the Company approved the cashless exercise of 18,750 vested stock options and the remaining
156,250 unvested stock options were forfeited. Of the 18,750 vested stock options, 14,751 options were surrendered to the Company
to pay the exercise price, resulting in a net issuance of 3,999. The surrendered shares were immediately canceled by the Company. 

  Non-controlling Interests  

As discussed in Note 5,
SWK HP has a limited partnership interest in Holmdel. Changes in the carrying amount of the non-controlling interest in the unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheet for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is as follows (in thousands): 

Note 8. Fair Value Measurements  

The Company measures and
reports certain financial and non-financial assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. Fair value is the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date (exit price). GAAP specifies a three-level hierarchy that is used when measuring and disclosing fair value. The fair value
hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices available in active markets (i.e., observable inputs) and the lowest priority
to data lacking transparency (i.e., unobservable inputs). An instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy
is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation. The following is a description of the three hierarchy levels. 

Level 1  
      Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. Active markets are considered to be those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2     
      Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. This category includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.   

Level 3  
      Unobservable inputs are not corroborated by market data. This category is comprised of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities whose fair value is estimated based on internally developed models or methodologies using significant inputs that are generally less readily observable from objective sources.   

Transfers into or out of
any hierarchy level are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which the transfers occurred. There were no transfers
between any levels during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

 The fair value of
equity method investments is not readily available nor has the Company estimated the fair value of these investments and disclosure
is not required. The Company is not aware of any identified events or changes in circumstances that would have a significant adverse
effect on the carrying value of any of its equity method investments included in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

 The following information
is provided to help readers gain an understanding of the relationship between amounts reported in the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related market or fair value. The disclosures include financial instruments and derivative
financial instruments, other than investment in affiliates. 

 Following are descriptions
of the valuation methodologies used to measure material assets and liabilities at fair value and details of the valuation models,
key inputs to those models and significant assumptions utilized. 

  Cash and cash equivalents  

The carrying amounts reported
in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets  fair values. 

  Securities available for sale  

Certain common equity securities
are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs (exchange quoted prices). 

  Finance Receivables  

 The fair values
of finance receivables are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market rates at the balance sheet date that reflect
the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the finance receivables. Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual
maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. These receivables are classified as Level 3. Finance
receivables are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but estimates of fair value are reflected below. 

  Marketable Investments and Warrants  

Marketable Investments  

 If active market
prices are available, fair value measurement is based on quoted active market prices and, accordingly, these securities would be
classified as Level 1. If active market prices are not available, fair value measurement is based on observable inputs other than
quoted prices included within Level 1, such as prices for similar assets or broker quotes utilizing observable inputs, and accordingly
these securities would be classified as Level 2. If market prices are not available and there are no observable inputs, then fair
value would be estimated by using valuation models including discounted cash flow methodologies, commonly used option-pricing models
and broker quotes. Such securities would be classified as Level 3, if the valuation models and broker quotes are based on inputs
that are unobservable in the market. If fair value is based on broker quotes, the Company checks the validity of received prices
based on comparison to prices of other similar assets and market data such as relevant bench mark indices. Available-for-sale securities
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, while securities with no readily available fair market value are not, but estimates
of fair value are reflected below. 

Derivative securities  

 For exchange-traded
derivatives, fair value is based on quoted market prices, and accordingly, would be classified as Level 1. For non-exchange traded
derivatives, fair value is based on option pricing models and are classified as Level 3.   

The following table presents
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Total Carrying Value in Consolidated Balance Sheet    
       Quoted prices     in active     markets for     identical assets     or liabilities     (Level 1)      
       Significant     other     observable     inputs     (Level 2)      
       Significant     unobservable     inputs     (Level 3)    
 
     Financial Assets:    

Warrant assets    
     $  1,334       
     $          
     $          
     $  1,334     
 
     Marketable investments    
        3,506       
        1,386       
                
        2,120     

Financial Liabilities:    

Warrant liability    
     $  161       
     $          
     $          
     $  161     

The following table presents
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Total Carrying Value in Consolidated Balance Sheet    
       Quoted prices     in active     markets for     identical assets     or liabilities     (Level 1)      
       Significant     other     observable     inputs     (Level 2)      
       Significant     unobservable     inputs     (Level 3)    
 
     Financial Assets:    

Warrant assets    
     $  1,900       
     $          
     $          
     $  1,900     
 
     Marketable investments    
        5,286       
        2,429       
                
        2,857     

Financial Liabilities:    

Warrant liability    
     $  259       
     $          
     $          
     $  259     

The changes on the value
of the warrant assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

On June 30, 2016, Luminex
Corporation acquired Nanosphere, Inc. ( Nanosphere ) for $1.70 per share, and concurrently, the Company entered into
a warrant purchase agreement to sell 600,000 warrants that were issued pursuant to its 2015 warrant agreement with Nanosphere.
The warrants were purchased at a price of $1.69 per share, for a total cash settlement of approximately $1.0 million. Prior to
settlement, the Company reflected the warrants at their estimated fair value of $1.0 million. The Company recognized a gain of
$3,900 on the sale of the warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

As a result of BTG plc s
acquisition of Galil Medical Ltd. ( Galil ) on June 24, 2016, the Company exercised its right to purchase and subsequently
sell 5,882,353 Series B Preferred Shares that were issued pursuant to its 2014 Warrant to Purchase agreement with Galil. The shares
were purchased at a price of $0.081 per share, for a net settlement of $0.4 million, which was recorded as an other receivable
in other assets as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognized a $0.4 million gain on the sale of the shares during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company holds warrants
issued to the Company in conjunction with certain term loan investments. These warrants meet the definition of a derivative and
are included in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The fair values for warrants outstanding, which do not have
a readily determinable value, are measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following weighted average assumptions
were used in the models to determine fair value: 

The following table
presents the financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Total Carrying Value in Consolidated Balance Sheet    
       Quoted prices     in active     markets for     identical assets     or liabilities     (Level 1)      
       Significant     other     observable     inputs     (Level 2)      
       Significant     unobservable     inputs     (Level 3)    
 
     Financial Assets    

Impaired loans    
     $  3,466       
     $          
     $          
     $  3,466     

There were no liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents
the financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Total Carrying Value in Consolidated Balance Sheet    
       Quoted prices     in active     markets for     identical assets     or liabilities     (Level 1)      
       Significant     other     observable     inputs     (Level 2)      
       Significant     unobservable     inputs     (Level 3)    
 
     Financial Assets    

Impaired loans    
     $  12,500       
     $          
     $          
     $  12,500     

There were no liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015. 

Off-balance sheet financial instruments  

Fair values for off-balance
sheet, credit related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account
the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. 

As of September 30,
2016 (in thousands): 

As of December 31,
2015 (in thousands):  

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is provided as a supplement to and should
be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements, and the MD A included in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 ( Annual Report ), as well as our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes include in this report. 

Overview  

SWK Holdings Corporation
(the  Company ,  SWK ,  us  or  we ) was incorporated in July 1996 in California
and reincorporated in Delaware in September 1999. In July 2012, we commenced our corporate strategy of building a specialty finance
and asset management business. Our strategy is to be a leading healthcare capital provider by offering sophisticated, customized
financing solutions to a broad range of life science companies, institutions and inventors. Our focus is on monetizing cash
flow streams derived from commercial-stage products and related intellectual property through royalty purchases and financings,
as well as through the creation of synthetic revenue interests in commercialized products. We are deploying our assets to
earn interest, fees, and other income pursuant to this strategy, and we continue to identify and review financing and similar opportunities
on an ongoing basis. In addition, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SWK Advisors LLC, we provide non-discretionary investment
advisory services to institutional clients in separately managed accounts to similarly invest in life science finance. SWK Advisors
LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the Texas State Securities Board. We intend to fund transactions through our own
working capital, as well as by building our asset management business by raising additional third party capital to be invested
alongside our capital. 

 We fill a niche
that we believe is underserved in the sub-$50 million transaction size. Since many of our competitors that provide longer term,
royalty-related financing options have much greater financial resources than us, they tend not to focus on transaction sizes below
$50 million as it is generally inefficient for them to do so. In addition, we do not believe that a sufficient number of other
companies offer similar types of long-term financing options to fill the demand of the sub-$50 million market. As such, we believe
we face less competition from such longer term, royalty investors in transactions that are less than $50 million. 

 We evaluate and
invest in a broad range of healthcare related companies and products with innovative intellectual property, including the biotechnology,
medical device, medical diagnostics and related tools, animal health and pharmaceutical industries (together  life science )
and tailor our financial solutions to the needs of our business partners. Our business partners are primarily engaged in selling
products that directly or indirectly cure diseases and/or improve people s or animals  wellness, or they receive royalties
paid on the sales of such products. For example, our biotechnology and pharmaceutical business partners manufacture medication
that directly treats disease states, whereas our life science tools partners sell a wide variety of research instrumentation to
help other companies conduct research into disease states. 

 Our investment objective
is to maximize our portfolio total return and thus increase our net income and book value by generating income from three sources: 

1.  
      primarily owning or financing through debt investments, royalties or revenue interests generated by the sales of life science products and related intellectual property;   

2.  
      receiving interest and other income by advancing capital in the form of secured debt to companies in the life science sector; and   

3.  
      to a lesser extent, realizing capital appreciation from equity-related investments in the life science sector.   
 
 In our portfolio
we seek to achieve attractive risk-adjusted current yields and opportunities with the potential for equity-like returns with protection
that credit provides. 

 The majority of
our transactions are structured similarly to factoring transactions whereby we provide capital in exchange for an interest in an
existing revenue stream. We do not anticipate providing capital in situations prior to the commercialization of a product. The
existing revenue stream can take several forms, but is most commonly either a royalty derived from the sales of a life science
product (1) from the marketing efforts of a third party, such as a royalty paid to an inventor on the sales of a medicine, or (2)
from the marketing efforts of a partner company, such as a medical device company that directly sells its own products. Our structured
debt investments may include warrants or other features, giving us the potential to realize enhanced returns on a portion of our
portfolio. Capital that we provide directly to our partners is generally used for growth and general working capital purposes,
as well as for acquisitions or recapitalizations in select cases. We generally fund the full amount of transactions up to $20 million
through our working capital.  

Our investment advisory
agreements are currently non-discretionary and each client determines individually if it wants to participate in a transaction.
Each account receives its pro rata allocation for a transaction based on which clients opt into a transaction, and each account
receives its pro rata allocation of income produced by a transaction in which it participates. Clients pay us management and incentive
fees according to a written investment advisory agreement, and we negotiate fees based on each client s needs and the complexity
of the client s requirements. Fees paid by clients may differ depending upon the terms negotiated with each client and are
paid directly by the client upon receipt of an invoice from us. We may seek to raise discretionary capital from similar investors
in the future. 

 In circumstances
where a transaction is greater than $20 million, we seek to syndicate amounts in excess of $20 million to our investment advisory
clients. In addition, we may participate in transactions in excess of $20 million with investors other than our investment
advisory clients. In those instances, we do not expect to earn investment advisory income from the participations of such investors. 

 We source our investment
opportunities through a combination of our senior management s proprietary relationships within the industry, outbound business
development efforts and inbound inquiry from companies, institutions and inventors interested in learning about our capital financing
alternatives. Our investment advisory clients generally do not originate investment opportunities for us. 

As of November 8,
2016, we have executed 22 transactions, deploying approximately $274 million, across a variety of opportunities. In counting our
transactions, we generally consider a series of transactions with one partner company as a single transaction. In eight of the
transactions, we participated alongside other investors; our investment advisory clients co-invested in two of these transactions.
The other fourteen transactions were completed solely by SWK. Subsequent to closing on one of the eight transactions, however,
we syndicated a portion of the loan to an investment advisory client and then subsequently purchased it back and partnered with
another investor on a follow-on round for the same partner company. 

The table below provides an overview of our
outstanding transactions as of September 30, 2016. 

(1) Effective 2.4 percent royalty on sales of Besivance.   
 
      (2) Milestone payment of $1,250 paid upon royalty payments achieving certain thresholds.   
 
      (3) With regard to initial royalty stream purchase in July 2014, first Earn Out payment was not earned. The second Earn Out payment of $250 is contingent upon aggregate net sales levels achieving certain thresholds. On December 9, 2015, we executed a second purchase of 25 percent of future payments. First and second Earn Out payments of $250 each are contingent upon aggregate net sales levels achieving certain thresholds.   
 
      (4) Purchased $3,000 of a total $100,000 aggregate amount. Notes are secured by certain royalty and milestone payments associated with the sales of pharmaceutical products. An other-than-temporary impairment charge of $713 was recognized in the second quarter of 2016 and $138 of accrued interest was written off in the third quarter of 2016.    
 
      (5) Repaid on February 5, 2016. Warrants are exercisable into shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals.   
 
      (6) In conjunction with the first lien credit agreement, SynCardia issued us 40,000 shares of common stock. Loan placed on non-accrual status. In August 2015, we purchased $15,500 face value for $6,600. Loan sold for $7,200 cash on June 25, 2016. We recognized $5,300 impairment expense during the second quarter of 2016.   
 
      (7) Repaid on February 13, 2015 for total consideration to SWK of $10,200, comprised of $1,800 in cash, $6,900 of second lien convertible notes and 1,079,138 shares of Series F Preferred Stock. SWK recognized impairment expense of $3,230 on Series F Preferred Stock in the fourth quarter of 2015.   
 
      (8) Received $6,100 principal value with first lien purchase noted above in (7). Placed on nonaccrual status and written off in September 2015.   
 
      (9) In the aggregate, executed seven amendments to the loan to advance additional $1,962 during 2015 and first quarter of 2016. B D is pursuing asset sales to retire debt.   
 
      (10) December 2015 payment to us was blocked by first lien lender; we purchased senior first lien credit facility at par in February 2016. Interest is being paid current on the first lien; first lien maturity date has not been extended.   
 
      (11) Executed two amendments during the first quarter of 2016 and received $150 of Hooper stock as amendment fees. Collateral position improved to first lien as a result of Hooper refinancing its working capital facility on April 29, 2016. We executed one amendment in the second quarter of 2016 as a result of covenant misses and to defer the August 2016 principal payment. In conjunction with the second quarter amendment, we received a significant reduction in outstanding warrant strike price. Hooper also raised $1.8 million new equity to comply with restated covenants.   
 
      (12) Repaid on June 30, 2016. Warrants were exercised for cash.   
 
      (13) Funded $2,500 on May 5, 2016. $1,000 unfunded commitment
    remains as of November 8, 2016.   
 
      (14) Holmdel acquired the U.S. marketing authorization rights to a beta blocker pharmaceutical product.  SWK Holdings GP acquired a direct general partnership interest in SWK HP. SWK HP acquired a direct limited partnership interest in Holmdel.   
 
      (15) Galil warrants were exercised for $391 cash as part of company sale.    
 
      (16) Warrant value subject to value caps under certain circumstances.   

Unless otherwise specified,
our senior secured debt assets generally are repaid by a revenue interest that is charged on a company s quarterly net sales
and royalties. 

Other than $0.8 million
potentially payable to the seller of the Cambia  royalty noted in Note (3) above, there are no other earn-out payments contracted
to be paid by us to any of our partner companies. As of November 8, 2016, we have $6.8 million of unfunded commitments
on loan transactions. For additional information regarding these transactions, see Notes 3, 4 and 5 of the Notes to our Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

  Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates  

Our critical accounting
policies and estimates are described in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC
on March 24, 2016. We believe there have been no new critical accounting policies or material changes to our existing critical
accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to those discussed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Refer to Part I. Financial
Information, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 1 of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
a listing of recent accounting pronouncements. 

  Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Revenues   

We generated
revenues of $4.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, driven primarily by $2.8 million in interest and
fees earned on our finance receivables, and $1.3 million in income related to our investment in an unconsolidated
partnership. We generated revenues of $5.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, driven primarily by
$4.1 million in interest and fees earned on finance receivables and marketable securities, and $1.6 million in income related
to our investment in an unconsolidated partnership. The decrease in revenue is primarily driven by the decrease in interest
income resulting from loan payoffs that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015 through the first half of 2016, totaling $2.1
million. This was offset by revenue of $1.2 million from new loans that were initiated during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

Provision for Loan Credit Losses and
Impairment Expense   

No impairment expense on
the fair value of finance receivables was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016. We recognized loan credit
loss provision expense of $8.1 million on two terms loans, and the carrying value of the secured loans were reduced to their respective
fair market values during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

We recognized security
impairment expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 on our equity security of $0.2 million to reflect the security
at its fair market value as of September 30, 2016. We also recorded an impairment charge of $0.1 million in connection with a write-off
of interest receivable associated with our debt security. We recognized impairment expense of $3.2 million on one equity security
to reflect the security at its fair market value as of September 30, 2015. 

Please refer to Item 1.
Financial Statements, Note 4 of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information
regarding the impairments recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of compensation, stock-based compensation and related costs for management, staff, Board of Directors,
legal and audit expenses, and corporate governance. General and administrative expenses increased to $0.6 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to an increase
in bonus expense of $0.3 million. This was offset by a decrease of $0.2 million in professional fees and stock-based compensation. 

Other Income (Expense), Net   

Other income
(expense), net for the three months ended September 30, 2016, reflected a net fair market value gain of $0.5 million on our
warrant derivatives compared to a $2.0 million net fair market value loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

Revenues   

We generated revenues
of $18.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, driven primarily by $12.8 million in interest and fees
earned on our finance receivables and marketable securities, and $5.1 million in income related to our investment in an unconsolidated
partnership. We generated revenues of $16.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, driven primarily by $12.4
million in interest and fees earned on finance receivables and marketable securities, and $4.5 million in income related to our
investment in an unconsolidated partnership. The increase in revenue is primarily driven by two loan pay-offs of $3.0 million
in the first and second quarters of 2016 and revenue of $1.6 million from new loans that were initiated during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. Income related to our investment in an unconsolidated partnership increased $0.6 million when compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue was offset by the impact of a $3.8 million loan exit payment
in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the impact of an impaired loan on nonaccrual status that was paid off in the second quarter
of 2016. 

Provision for Loan Credit Losses and
Impairment Expense   

We recognized loan credit
loss provision expense on a royalty purchase of $1.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recognized loan
credit loss provision expense of $10.7 million on three terms loans, and the carrying value of the secured loans were reduced to
their respective fair market values during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

We recognized security
impairment expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 on debt and equity securities of $0.7 million and $1.1 million,
respectively, to reflect the securities at their fair market values of $2.1 million and $1.4 million, respectively, as of September
30, 2016. We also recorded an impairment charge of $0.1 million related to a write-off of interest receivable associated with our
debt security. Also, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an impairment expense for a loan write-off of
$5.3 million. We recognized security impairment expense of $3.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 on one
equity security to reflect the security at its fair market value as of September 30, 2015. 

Please refer to Item 1.
Financial Statements, Note 3 of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information
regarding the impairments taken during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of compensation, stock-based compensation and related costs for management, staff, Board of Directors,
legal and audit expenses, and corporate governance. General and administrative expenses decreased to $2.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which was due to a decrease
in compensation and stock-based compensation. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense was $0
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. All interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was from the acceleration of debt issuance cost amortization. 

Other Income (Expense), Net   

Other income (expense),
net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, reflected a net fair market value gain of $0.9 million on our warrant
derivatives compared to a $3.2 million net fair market value loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

   Income Tax Benefit   

We have incurred net operating
losses on a consolidated basis for all years from inception through 2012. Accordingly, we have historically recorded a valuation
for the full amount of gross deferred tax assets, as the future realization of the tax benefit was not  currently more likely
than not.  We believe that it is more likely than not that the Company will be able to realize approximately $16.8 million
benefit of the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the future. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had NOLs for federal income tax purposes of $405.0 million. The federal net operating loss carryforwards if not offset
against future income, will expire by 2032, with the majority expiring by 2021. 

 We also had federal
research credit carryforwards of $2.7 million. The federal credits will expire by 2029. 

  Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, we had $66.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $47.3 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31,
2015. Other than the impact of cash generated by our operations, the primary driver of the increase in our cash balance was loan
payoffs totaling $45.6 million, partially offset by new investments of $31.4 million. 

Our ability to
generate cash in the future depends primarily upon our success in implementing our business model of generating income
by providing capital to a broad range of life science companies, institutions and inventors. We generate income primarily from
three sources: 

 1. primarily owning
or financing through debt investments, royalties generated by the sales of life science products and related intellectual property; 

 2. receiving interest
and other income by advancing capital in the form of secured debt to companies in the life science sector; and 

 3. to a lesser extent,
realizing capital appreciation from equity-related investments in the life science sector. 

 As of September
30, 2016, our portfolio contains $88.5 million of finance receivables, $3.5 million of marketable investments and a net $3.3 million
of investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries, net of non-controlling interests. We expect these assets to generate income greater
than our expenses in 2016. We continue to evaluate multiple attractive opportunities that, if consummated, we believe would similarly
generate additional income. Since the timing of any investment is difficult to predict, we may not be able to generate positive
cash flow above what our existing assets will produce in 2016. 

 We may borrow funds
to make investments to the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment
opportunities. We currently do not have access to a credit facility or other forms of borrowing. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of
operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP, are not recorded in our consolidated
financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. Such
transactions are used primarily to manage partners  requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and lines
of credit. 

 The contractual
amounts of commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential accounting loss should the contract be fully drawn upon,
the partner defaults and the value of any existing collateral becomes worthless. We use the same credit policies in making commitments
and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. Other than $0.8 million potentially payable to the seller
of the Cambia  royalty, there are no other earn-out payments contracted to be paid by us to any of our partner companies. We
have $6.8 million of unfunded commitments on loan transactions as of September 30, 2016.  

 We believe that
we will continue to have sufficient funds and alternative funding sources to meet our current commitments.   

    ITEM 3.      QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were deposited in accounts at well capitalized financial institutions.
The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 approximated its carrying value. 

  Investment and
Interest Rate Risk  

We are subject to financial
market risks, including changes in interest rates. As we seek to provide capital to a broad range of life science companies, institutions
and investors, our net investment income is dependent, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we earn on our cash
and cash equivalents and the rate at which we lend those funds to third parties. As a result, we would be subject to risks relating
to changes in market interest rates. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to
interest rate fluctuations by providing capital at variable interest rates.  We constantly monitor our portfolio and
position our portfolio to respond appropriately to a reduction in credit rating of any portfolio of products. 

  Inflation  

We do not believe that
inflation has had a significant impact on our revenues or operations. 

ITEM 4.      CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures   

Disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

 In connection with
the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered
by this report. 

   Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There have been no changes
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1.      LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS  

We are involved in, or
have been involved in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of our business. We cannot
predict the timing or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either
unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations, balance sheets and cash flows
due to defense costs, and divert management resources.  Currently, we are not involved in any arbitration and/or other
legal proceeding that we expect to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

    ITEM 1A.    RISK
FACTORS.  

Information regarding the
Company s risk factors appears in  Part I.   Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2016. There have been no material changes from
the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.      UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.  

None. 

ITEM 3.      DEFAULTS UPON
SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5.      OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM 6.          Exhibits   

* These certifications accompany this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. They are not deemed  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated
by reference in any filing of SWK Holdings Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in
any filings. 

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 8, 2016.  

SWK Holdings Corporation   

By:    
      /s/ Winston L. Black   

Winston L. Black   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

By:    
      /s/ Charles M. Jacobson   

Charles M. Jacobson   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 e00565_ex31-01.htm

EXHIBIT 31.01  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Winston L. Black, Chief Executive Officer
of the registrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of SWK Holdings Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Winston L. Black   

Winston L. Black 
          Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 e00565_ex31-02.htm

EXHIBIT 31.02  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Charles M. Jacobson, Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary of the registrant, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of SWK Holdings Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Charles M. Jacobson   

Charles M. Jacobson 
          Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 e00565_ex32-01.htm

EXHIBIT 32.01  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of SWK Holdings Corporation (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Winston L. Black, Chief
Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, in accordance with Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report, to
which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.01, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Winston L. Black   

Winston L. Black 
          Chief Executive Officer    

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained
by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 e00565_ex32-02.htm

EXHIBIT 32.02  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of SWK Holdings Corporation (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Charles M. Jacobson,
Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, in accordance with Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report, to
which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.02, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 8, 2016  
       
      /s/ Charles M. Jacobson   

Charles M. Jacobson 
          Chief Financial Officer    

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained
by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 swkh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 swkh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 swkh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 swkh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 swkh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 swkh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

