<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-K_edgar_data_823277_0000823277-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20752943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>955037</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>964496</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7592484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8185637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2607951</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>134</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000823277-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103151810
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000823277-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000823277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		IRS NUMBER:				410251095
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36079
		FILM NUMBER:		161971329

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 CENEX DRIVE
		CITY:			INVER GROVE HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		651-355-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 CENEX DRIVE
		CITY:			INVER GROVE HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENEX HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000823277-16-000065.txt : 20161103

10-K
 1
 chscp10k83116.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ________________________________________ 
  Form 10-K 
  ________________________________________ 

Commission file number: 001-36079 
  ________________________________________ 
  CHS Inc. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

________________________________________ 
    
  SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
                   8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
      
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1 
      
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2 
      
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3 
      
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 4 
      
    The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      (Title of Class) 
      
    (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) 

________________________________________ 
    
  SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
  YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
  YES   o   NO     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K:     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer     
    Smaller reporting company   o 
        
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
  YES   o   NO     
    
  State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 
    
  The Registrant has no voting or non-voting common equity (the Registrant is a member cooperative). 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  
    
  The Registrant has no common stock outstanding. 
    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  None. 

INDEX 

Page 
  No. 
       PART I.  
       Item 1.  
     Business  
    1 
        
     The Company  
    1 
        
     Energy  
    2 
        
     Ag  
    4 
        
     Nitrogen Production  
    5 
        
     Foods  
    6 
        
     Corporate and Other  
    7 
        
     Employees  
    8 
        
     CHS Authorized Capital  
    8 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    10 
       Item 1B.  
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    16 
       Item 2.  
     Properties  
    17 
       Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    18 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    19 

PART II.  
       Item 5.  
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    19 
       Item 6.  
     Selected Financial Data  
    20 
       Item 7.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 
       Item 7A.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    38 
       Item 8.  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    41 
       Item 9.  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    41 
       Item 9A.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    41 
       Item 9B.  
     Other Information  
    42 

PART III.  
       Item 10.  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    43 
       Item 11.  
     Executive Compensation  
    49 
       Item 12.  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    70 
       Item 13.  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    71 
       Item 14.  
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
    72 

PART IV.  
       Item 15.  
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    74 
        
     EXHIBIT INDEX  
    75 
       Item 16.  
     Form 10-K Summary  
    79 
       SIGNATURES  
    80 

Table of Contents  

PART I. 

ITEM 1.      BUSINESS 

THE COMPANY 
    
  CHS Inc. (referred to herein as  CHS,   we  or  us ) is one of the nation s leading integrated agricultural companies, providing grain, foods and energy resources to businesses and consumers on a global basis. As a cooperative, we are owned by farmers and ranchers and their member cooperatives (referred to herein as  members ) across the United States. We also have preferred shareholders that own shares of our five series of preferred stock, which are each listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. We buy commodities from and provide products and services to patrons (including our members and other non-member customers), both domestically and internationally. We provide a wide variety of products and services, from initial agricultural inputs such as fuels, farm supplies, crop nutrients and crop protection products, to agricultural outputs that include grains and oilseeds, grain and oilseed processing, renewable fuels and food products. A portion of our operations are conducted through equity investments and joint ventures whose operating results are not fully consolidated with our results; rather, a proportionate share of the income or loss from those equity investments and joint ventures is included as a component in our net income under the equity method of accounting. For the year ended August 31, 2016, our total revenues were   $30.3 billion   and net income attributable to CHS Inc. was   $424.2 million  . 
    
  We have aligned our segments based on an assessment of how our businesses operate and the products and services they sell. Our Energy segment derives its revenues through refining, wholesaling and retailing of petroleum products. Our Ag segment derives its revenues through the origination and marketing of grain, including: service activities conducted at export terminals; through wholesale sales of crop nutrients; from sales of soybean meal, soybean refined oil and soyflour products; through the production and marketing of renewable fuels; and through retail sales of petroleum and agronomy products, processed sunflowers, feed and farm supplies. Our Ag segment also records equity income from our grain export joint venture and other investments. Our Nitrogen Production segment consists solely of, and came into existence upon, our equity method investment in CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC ( CF Nitrogen ), which was completed in February 2016. The addition of our Nitrogen Production segment did not have any impact on historically reported segment results and balances. Our Foods segment consists solely of our equity method investment in Ventura Foods, LLC ( Ventura Foods ). In prior years, our equity method investment in Ventura Foods was reported as a component of Corporate and Other and, accordingly, historically reported segment results and balances have been revised to reflect the addition of our Foods segment. We continue to include our other business operations in Corporate and Other because of the nature of their products and services, as well as the relative revenues of those businesses. These businesses primarily include our financing, insurance, hedging and other service activities related to crop production. In addition, our wheat milling operations are included in Corporate and Other, as this business is conducted through a non-consolidated joint venture.  
    
  Our earnings from cooperative business are allocated to members (and to a limited extent, to non-members with which we have agreed to do business on a patronage basis) based on the volume of business they do with us. We allocate these earnings to our patrons in the form of patronage refunds (which are also called patronage dividends) in cash and patrons  equities (in the form of capital equity certificates), which may be redeemed over time solely at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Earnings derived from non-members, which are not treated as patronage, are taxed at federal and state statutory corporate rates and are retained by us as unallocated capital reserve. We also receive patronage refunds from the cooperatives in which we are a member, if those cooperatives have earnings to distribute and if we qualify for patronage refunds from them. 
    
  Our origins date back to the early 1930s with the founding of our predecessor companies, Cenex, Inc. and Harvest States Cooperatives. CHS Inc. emerged as the result of the merger of those two entities in 1998, and is headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota. 
    
  Our segment and international sales information in Note 11,   Segment Reporting,   of notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into the following segment descriptions. 
    
  Our internet address is www.chsinc.com. The information contained on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

1 

Table of Contents  

ENERGY 
  Overview 
    
  We are the nation s largest cooperative energy company based on revenues and identifiable assets, with operations that include: petroleum refining and pipelines; the supply, marketing and distribution of refined fuels (gasoline, diesel fuel and other energy products); the blending, sale and distribution of lubricants; and the wholesale supply of propane and other natural gas liquids. Our Energy segment processes crude oil into refined petroleum products at our refineries in Laurel, Montana and McPherson, Kansas and sells those products under the Cenex  brand to member cooperatives and other independent retailers through a network of nearly 1,500 sites, the majority of which are convenience stores marketing Cenex  branded fuels. For fiscal 2016, our Energy revenues, after elimination of inter-segment revenues, were $  5.4 billion   and were primarily from gasoline and diesel fuel. 
    
  Operations 
    
    Laurel Refinery.    Our Laurel, Montana refinery processes medium and high sulfur crude oil into refined petroleum products that primarily include gasoline, diesel fuel, petroleum coke and asphalt. Our Laurel, Montana refinery sources approximately 90% of its crude oil supply from Canada, with the balance obtained from domestic sources, and we have access to Canadian and northwest Montana crude oil through our wholly-owned Front Range Pipeline, LLC and other common carrier pipelines. Our Laurel, Montana refinery also has access to Wyoming crude oil via common carrier pipelines from the south. 
    
  Our Laurel, Montana facility processes approximately 55,000 barrels of crude oil per day to produce refined products that consist of approximately 42% gasoline, 40% diesel fuel and other distillates, 10% asphalt and 6% petroleum coke and other products. Refined fuels produced at our Laurel, Montana refinery are available: via rail cars and via the Yellowstone Pipeline to western Montana terminals and to Spokane, Washington; south via common carrier pipelines to Wyoming terminals and Denver, Colorado; and east via our wholly-owned Cenex Pipeline, LLC to Glendive, Montana and Minot and Fargo, North Dakota. 
    
    McPherson Refinery.     Our McPherson, Kansas refinery processes approximately 75% low and medium sulfur crude oil and approximately 25% heavy sulfur crude oil into gasoline, diesel fuel and other distillates, propane and other products. The refinery sources its crude oil through its own pipelines as well as common carrier pipelines. The low and medium sulfur crude oil is sourced from Kansas, North Dakota, Oklahoma and Texas, and the heavy sulfur crude oil is sourced from Canada. 
    
  Our McPherson, Kansas refinery processes approximately 90,000 barrels of crude oil per day to produce refined products that consist of approximately 57% gasoline, 37% diesel fuel and other distillates and 2% propane and other products. Approximately 21% of the refined fuels are either loaded into trucks at the McPherson, Kansas refinery or shipped via its proprietary products pipeline to our terminal in Council Bluffs, Iowa. The remaining refined fuel products are shipped to other markets via common carrier pipelines. 
    
  Our McPherson, Kansas refinery was previously owned and operated by National Cooperative Refinery Association ("NCRA"). On September 1, 2015, we became the sole owner of the McPherson, Kansas refinery upon the final closing under our November 2011 agreement to purchase all of the noncontrolling interests in NCRA, which is now known as CHS McPherson Refinery Inc. ("CHS McPherson"). See Note 17,   Acquisitions  , of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.  
    
    Other Energy Operations  .  We own six propane terminals, four asphalt terminals, seven refined product terminals and three lubricants blending and packaging facilities. We also own and lease a fleet of liquid and pressure trailers and tractors, which are used to transport refined fuels, propane, anhydrous ammonia and other products. 
    
  Products and Services 
    
  Our Energy segment produces and sells (primarily wholesale) gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, asphalt, lubricants and other related products and also provides transportation services. In addition to selling the products refined at our Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas refineries, we purchase refined petroleum products from third parties. For fiscal 2016, we obtained approximately 66% of the refined petroleum products we sold from our Laurel, Montana and McPherson, Kansas refineries, and approximately 34% from third parties. 

2 

     Table of Contents  

Sales and Marketing; Customers 
    
  We market approximately 80% of our refined fuel products to members, with the balance sold to non-members. Sales are made wholesale to member cooperatives and through a network of independent retailers that operate convenience stores under the Cenex  trade name. We sold approximately 1.5 billion gallons of gasoline and approximately 1.8 billion gallons of diesel fuel in fiscal 2016. We also blend, package and wholesale auto and farm machinery lubricants to both members and non-members. We are one of the nation s largest propane wholesalers based on revenues. Most of the propane sold in rural areas is for heating and agricultural usage. Annual sales volumes of propane vary greatly depending on weather patterns and crop conditions.   
    
  Industry; Competition 
    
  The petroleum business is highly cyclical. Demand for crude oil and energy products is driven by the condition of local and worldwide economies, local and regional weather patterns and taxation relative to other energy sources, which can significantly affect the price of refined fuel products. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and profitability in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel usage is highest and is subject to domestic supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, may experience higher volumes and profitability during the winter heating and crop drying seasons. More fuel-efficient equipment, reduced crop tillage, depressed prices for crops, weather conditions and government programs which encourage idle acres may all reduce demand for our energy products. 
    
    Regulation.    Governmental regulations and policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, have a significant impact on our Energy segment. Our Energy segment s operations are subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the Environmental Protection Agency (the  EPA ), the Department of Transportation (the  DOT ) and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern: the discharge of materials into the environment, air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; the transportation, handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; the labeling of pesticides and similar substances; and investigation and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to administrative penalties, injunctive relief, civil remedies and possible recalls of products. Our hedging transactions and activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use, including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (the  CME ), as well as the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the  CFTC ).  
    
    Competition.    The petroleum refining and wholesale fuels business is very competitive. Among our competitors are some of the world s largest integrated petroleum companies, which have their own crude oil supplies, distribution and marketing systems. We also compete with smaller domestic refiners and marketers in the midwestern and northwestern United States, with foreign refiners who import products into the United States and with producers and marketers in other industries supplying other forms of energy and fuels to consumers. Given the commodity nature of the end products, profitability in the industry depends largely on margins, as well as operating efficiency, product mix and costs of product distribution and transportation. The retail gasoline market is highly competitive, with competitors that are much larger than us and that have greater brand recognition and distribution outlets throughout the country and the world than we do. Our owned and non-owned retail outlets are located primarily in the northwestern, midwestern and southern United States. 
    
  We market refined fuel products in five principal geographic areas. The first area includes the Midwest and northern plains. Competition at the wholesale level in this area includes major oil companies as well as independent refiners and wholesale brokers/suppliers. This area has a robust spot market and is influenced by the large refinery center along the gulf coast.  
    
  To the east of the Midwest and northern plains is another unique marketing area. This area centers near Chicago, Illinois and includes eastern Wisconsin, Illinois and Indiana. In this area, we principally compete with the major oil companies as well as independent refineries and wholesale brokers/suppliers. 
    
  Another market area is located south of Chicago, Illinois. Most of this area includes Arkansas, Missouri and the northern part of Texas. Competition in this area includes the major oil companies and independent refiners. This area is principally supplied from the Gulf Coast refinery center and is also driven by a strong spot market that reacts quickly to changes in the international and national supply balance. 
    
  Another geographic area includes Montana, western North Dakota, Wyoming, Utah, Idaho, Colorado and western South Dakota. Competition at the wholesale level in this area includes the major oil companies and independent refineries.  
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

The last area includes much of Washington and Oregon. We compete with the major oil companies in this area. This area is known for volatile prices and an active spot market. 

AG 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our Ag segment includes our grain marketing, country operations, crop nutrients, processing and food ingredients and renewable fuels businesses. These businesses work together to facilitate the production, purchase, sale and eventual use of grain and other agricultural products within the United States, as well as internationally. In fiscal 2016, revenues in our Ag segment were   $24.8 billion   after elimination of inter-segment revenues, consisting principally of grain sales.   
    
  Operations 
    
    Grain Marketing.    We are the nation s largest cooperative marketer of grain and oilseed based on grain storage capacity and grain sales. Our grain marketing operations purchase grain directly from agricultural producers and elevator operators primarily in the midwestern and western United States and indirectly through our country operations business. The purchased grain is typically contracted for sale for future delivery at a specified location, and we are responsible for handling the grain and arranging for its transportation to that location. We own and operate export terminals, river terminals and elevators throughout the United States to handle and transport grain and grain products. We also maintain locations in Europe, the Middle East, the Pacific Rim and South America for the marketing, merchandising and sourcing of grains. We primarily conduct our grain marketing operations directly, but do conduct some of our operations through TEMCO, LLC, a 50% joint venture with Cargill, Incorporated ("Cargill"). 
    
  Country Operations.    Our country operations business operates 487 agri-operations locations through 61 business units dispersed throughout the midwestern and western United States and Canada. Most of these locations purchase grain from farmers and sell agronomy, energy, feed and seed products to those same producers and others, although not all locations provide every product and service. We also manufacture animal feed through eight owned plants and four limited liability companies and process sunflowers for human food and other uses. 
    
  Crop Nutrients.    We believe our North American wholesale crop nutrients business is one of the largest wholesale fertilizer businesses in the United States based on tons sold. Crop nutrient products are delivered directly to our customers and our country operations business from the manufacturer or through our twenty inland and river warehouse terminals and other non-owned storage facilities located throughout the United States. To supplement what is purchased domestically, our Galveston, Texas deep water port and terminal receives fertilizer by vessel from origins such as Asia and the Caribbean basin where significant volumes of urea are produced. The fertilizer is then shipped by rail to destinations within crop producing regions of the United States  .   
    
  Processing and Food Ingredients.    Our processing and food ingredients operations are conducted at facilities that can crush approximately 127 million bushels of oilseeds on an annual basis, producing approximately 2.8 million short tons of meal/flour and 1.6 billion pounds of edible oil annually. We also have operations where we further process soyflour for use in the food/snack industry. We purchase our oilseeds from members, other CHS businesses and third parties that have tightly integrated connections with our grain marketing operations and country operations business.  
    
  Renewable fuels.    Our renewable fuels business produces 260 million gallons of fuel grade ethanol and 680 thousand tons of dried distillers grains with solubles ( DDGS ) annually. We also market over 700 million gallons of ethanol and 3.5 million tons of DDGS annually under marketing agreements for other production plants. 
    
  Products and Services 
    
  Our Ag segment provides local cooperatives and farmers with the inputs and services they need to produce grain and raise livestock. These include seed, crop nutrients, crop protection products, animal feed, animal health products, refined fuels and propane. We also buy and merchandise grain in both domestic and international markets. With a portion of the grain we purchase we produce renewable fuels, including ethanol and DDGS. We also produce refined oils, meal and soyflour at our processing facilities. 

4 

     Table of Contents  

Sales and Marketing; Customers 
    
  Our Ag segment provides products and services to a wide range of customers, primarily in the United States. These customers include member and non-member producers, local cooperatives, elevators, grain dealers, grain processors and crop nutrient retailers. We sell our edible oils and soyflour to food companies. The meal we produce is sold to integrated livestock producers and feed mills. The ethanol and DDGS we produce are sold throughout the United States and in various international locations.   
    
  Industry; Competition 
    
  Many of the business activities in our Ag segment are highly seasonal and, consequently, the operating results for our Ag segment will typically vary throughout the year. For example, our country operations and crop nutrients businesses generally experience higher volumes and income during the spring planting season and in the fall, which corresponds to harvest. In addition, our Ag segment operations may be adversely affected by relative levels of supply and demand, both domestic and international, commodity price levels and transportation costs and conditions. Supply is affected by weather conditions, disease, insect damage, acreage planted and government regulations and policies. Demand may be affected by foreign governments and their programs, relationships of foreign countries with the United States, the affluence of foreign countries, acts of war, currency exchange fluctuations and substitution of commodities. Demand may also be affected by changes in eating habits, population growth, the level of per capita consumption of some products and the level of renewable fuels production.   
    
    Regulation.    Our Ag operations are subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the EPA, the DOT and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern: the discharge of materials into the environment, air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; the transportation, handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; the labeling of pesticides and similar substances; and the investigation and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. In addition, environmental laws impose a liability on owners and operators for investigation and remediation of contaminated property, and a party who sends hazardous materials to those contaminated properties for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling. In some instances, that liability exists regardless of fault. Our grain marketing operations, country operations business, processing and food ingredient operations and renewable fuel operations are also subject to laws and related regulations and rules administered by the United States Department of Agriculture (the  USDA ), the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) and other federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies that govern the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, quality and safety of feed and grain products. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to administrative penalties, injunctive relief, civil remedies and possible recalls of products. The hedging transactions and activities of our grain marketing, country operations, processing and food ingredient and renewable fuels businesses are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use, including the CME, as well as the CFTC. 
    
  Competition.    In our Ag segment, we have significant competition in the businesses in which we operate based principally on price, services, quality, patronage and alternative products. Our businesses are dependent upon relationships with local cooperatives and private retailers, proximity to the customers and producers and competitive pricing. We compete with other large distributors of agricultural products, as well as other regional or local distributors, local cooperatives, retailers and manufacturers.  

NITROGEN PRODUCTION 
    
  Overview 
       
  Our Nitrogen Production segment consists solely of our equity investment in CF Nitrogen. CF Nitrogen was formed in 2016, and is owned 11.4% by us and 88.6% by CF Industries Sales, LLC, a subsidiary of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. In February 2016, in connection with our equity investment, we entered into an 80-year supply agreement with CF Nitrogen that entitles us to purchase up to 1.1 million tons of granular urea and 580,000 tons of urea ammonium nitrate ( UAN ) annually for ratable delivery. We account for our CF Nitrogen investment using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method, and on   August 31, 2016  , our investment was $  2.8 billion  . 
    
  Our investment in CF Nitrogen positions us and our members for long-term dependable fertilizer supply, supply chain efficiency and production economics. In addition, the ability to source product from CF Nitrogen production facilities under our supply agreement benefits our members and customers through strategically positioned access to essential fertilizer products.  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

Operations 
    
  CF Nitrogen has four production facilities located in: Donaldsonville, Louisiana; Port Neal, Iowa; Yazoo City, Mississippi; and Woodward, Oklahoma. Natural gas is the principal raw material and primary fuel source used in the ammonia production process. CF Nitrogen has access to competitively-priced natural gas through a reliable network of pipelines that are connected to major natural gas trading hubs near its production facilities.  
    
  Products and Services 
    
  CF Nitrogen produces nitrogen-based products including, methanol, UAN and urea and related products. 
    
  Sales and Marketing; Customers 
    
  CF Nitrogen has three customers including us and two consolidated subsidiaries of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. 
    
  Industry; Competition 
    
  Regulatio  n.  CF Nitrogen is subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the EPA and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern: the discharge of materials into the environment, air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; the handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; and the investigation and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. In addition, environmental laws impose a liability on owners and operators for investigation and remediation of contaminated property, and a party who sends hazardous materials to those contaminated properties for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling. In some instances, that liability exists regardless of fault.  
    
  Competition  .  CF Nitrogen competes primarily on delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on customer service and product quality. CF Nitrogen competes domestically with a variety of large companies in the fertilizer industry. There is also significant competition from products sourced from other regions of the world. 

FOODS 
    
  Overview 
       
  Our Foods segment consists solely of our equity method investment in Ventura Foods, which produces vegetable oil-based products such as packaged frying oils, margarine, mayonnaise, salad dressings and other food products. Ventura Foods was formed in 1996, and is owned 50% by us and 50% by Wilsey Foods, Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of MBK USA Holdings, Inc. We account for our Ventura Foods investment under the equity method of accounting, and on   August 31, 2016  , our investment was $  369.5 million  . 
    
  Operations 
    
  Ventura Foods currently has 16 manufacturing and distribution locations across the United States and Canada. Ventura Foods sources its raw materials, which consist primarily of soybean oil, canola oil, palm/coconut oil, peanut oil and other ingredients and supplies, from various national and overseas suppliers, including our oilseed processing operations. 
    
  Products and Services 
    
  Ventura Foods manufactures, packages and distributes frying oils, margarine, mayonnaise, salad dressings, sauces and other food products, many of which utilize soybean oil as a primary ingredient. Approximately 35% of Ventura Foods  sales comes from products for which Ventura Foods owns the brand, and the remainder comes from non-branded items and products it produces for third parties. A variety of Ventura Foods  product formulations and processes are proprietary to Ventura Foods or its customers. Ventura Foods is one of the largest manufacturers of margarine, sauces and dressings for the foodservice sector in the United States. 

6 

     Table of Contents  

Sales and Marketing; Customers 
    
  Ventura Foods sells the products it manufactures to foodservice distribution companies, large national foodservice operators and food manufacturers. Ventura Foods also manufactures a number of products for third parties as a contract manufacturer. Ventura Foods sales are approximately 60% in foodservice and the remainder is split between retail and industrial customers who use edible oils as ingredients in products they manufacture for resale. 
    
  Industry; Competition 
    
  Regulation  . Ventura Foods is subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the EPA, the DOT and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern: the discharge of materials into the environment, air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; the transportation, handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; and the investigation and remediation of releases of hazardous materials. In addition, environmental laws impose a liability on owners and operators for investigation and remediation of contaminated property, and a party who sends hazardous materials to those contaminated properties for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling. In some instances, that liability exists regardless of fault. Ventura Foods is also subject to laws and related regulations and rules administered by the USDA, the FDA and other federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies that govern the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, quality and safety of food products. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules could subject Ventura Foods to administrative penalties, injunctive relief, civil remedies and possible recalls of products. 
    
    Competition  . Ventura Foods competes with a variety of companies in the food manufacturing industry. Competitors in the frying oils segment of the business include multi-national oilseed processing companies as well as smaller oil packaging firms. Ventura Foods also competes with large consumer packaged goods companies and smaller regional manufacturers that produce dressings, sauces, margarine and mayonnaise for the foodservice, retail and industrial sectors. Competitive dynamics vary by product category. In commodity categories such as frying oils, price and service are significant factors in customer decisions. For value added products, such as dressings and sauces, service and culinary capabilities play a larger role in securing new business and maintaining customer relationships.    

CORPORATE AND OTHER 
    
  Business Solutions 
    
  CHS Capital  .  Our wholly-owned finance company subsidiary, CHS Capital, LLC ( CHS Capital ), provides cooperative associations with a variety of loans that meet commercial agriculture needs, including operating, term, revolving and other short and long-term options. It also provides an array of loans to producers, including crop input, crop operating, feed, livestock and margin call. In addition, CHS Capital provides open account financing to our cooperative association members. These arrangements involve the discretionary extension of credit in the form of a clearing account for settlement of grain purchases and as a cash management tool. 
    
    CHS Hedging  .  Our wholly-owned commodity brokerage subsidiary, CHS Hedging, LLC ( CHS Hedging ), is a registered Futures Commission Merchant and a clearing member of both the Chicago Board of Trade and the Minneapolis Grain Exchange. CHS Hedging provides full-service commodity risk management services primarily to agricultural producers and commercial agribusinesses in the areas of agriculture and energy. 
    
    CHS Insurance  .  Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CHS Insurance Services, LLC ( CHS Insurance ), is a full-service independent agency that offers property and casualty insurance, surety bonds, safety resources, employment services and group benefits. The customer base consists primarily of participants in the agribusiness, construction, energy and processing industries. Impact Risk Funding, Inc. PCC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CHS Insurance, is a protected cell captive insurance entity used to provide alternative risk financing options for customers. 
    
  Wheat Milling 
    
  In January 2002, we formed a joint venture with Cargill named Horizon Milling, LLC ( Horizon Milling ), in which we held an ownership interest of 24%, with Cargill owning the remaining 76%. Horizon Milling was the largest U.S. wheat miller based on output volume, and we owned five mills that we leased to Horizon Milling. During fiscal 2007, we expanded this operation with the formation of Horizon Milling G.P. (24% CHS ownership with Cargill owning the remaining 76%), a  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

joint venture that acquired a Canadian grain-based foodservice and industrial business, which included two flour milling operations and two dry baking mixing facilities in Canada.  
    
  In the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we formed Ardent Mills, LLC ( Ardent Mills ), the largest flour miller in the United States, as a joint venture with Cargill and ConAgra Foods, Inc., which combined the North American flour milling operations of the three parent companies, including assets from our existing joint venture milling operations Horizon Milling and Horizon Milling, ULC and CHS-owned mills, with CHS holding a 12% interest in Ardent Mills. Prior to closing, we contributed $32.8 million to Horizon Milling to pay off existing debt as a pre-condition to close. Upon closing, Ardent Mills was financed with funds from third-party borrowings, which did not require credit support from the owners. We received $121.2 million of cash proceeds distributed to us in proportion to our ownership interest, adjusted for deviations in specified working capital target amounts, and recognized a gain of $109.2 million, associated with this transaction. In connection with the closing, the parties also entered into various ancillary and non-compete agreements including, among other things, an agreement for us to supply Ardent Mills with certain wheat and durum products. We account for our investment in Ardent Mills as an equity method investment due to our ability to exercise significant influence through our ability to appoint a member of the Board of Shareholders and Board of Managers. On   August 31, 2016   our investment in Ardent Mills was $  195.0 million  . 

EMPLOYEES 
    
  On August 31, 2016, we had 12,157 full, part-time, temporary and seasonal employees. Of that total, 3,032 were employed in our Energy segment, 8,428 were employed in our Ag segment and 697 were employed in Corporate and Other. In addition to those individuals directly employed by us, many individuals work for joint ventures in which we have a 50% or less ownership interest, including employees of CF Nitrogen and Ventura Foods in our Nitrogen Production and Foods segments, respectively, and are not included in these totals.   
    
  Labor Relations  
  As of August 31, 2016, we had 14 collective bargaining agreements with unions covering approximately 8% of our employees in the United States and Canada. These collective bargaining agreements expire on various dates from April 30, 2017 to June 30, 2021, except that one collective bargaining agreement covering 20 pipeline employees renews automatically every September 1, unless 60 days  notice of termination is given. 

CHS AUTHORIZED CAPITAL 
    
  Introduction 
    
  We are an agricultural membership cooperative organized under Minnesota cooperative law to do business with member and non-member patrons.  
    
  Distribution of Net Income; Patronage Dividends 
    
  We are required by our organizational documents to annually distribute net earnings derived from patronage business with members to members on the basis of patronage, except that our Board of Directors may elect to retain and add to our unallocated capital reserve an amount not to exceed 10% of the distributable net income from patronage business. We may also distribute net income derived from business with a non-member if we have agreed to conduct business with the non-member on a patronage basis. Net income from non-patronage business may be distributed to members or added to the unallocated capital reserve, in whatever proportions our Board of Directors deems appropriate. 
    
  The cash portion of the patronage distribution is determined annually by our Board of Directors, with the balance issued in the form of qualified and non-qualified capital equity certificates. Consenting patrons have agreed to take both the cash and qualified capital equity certificate portion allocated to them from our previous fiscal year s income into their taxable income and, as a result, we are allowed a deduction from our taxable income for both the cash distribution and the allocated qualified capital equity certificates, as long as the cash distribution is at least 20% of the total patronage distribution. For the years ended   August 31, 2015   and   August 31, 2014  , 10% of earnings from patronage business was added to our capital reserves and the remaining 90% was primarily distributed during the second fiscal quarters of the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , totaling   $627.2 million   and   $821.5 million  , respectively. The cash portion of the qualified distributions was deemed by the Board of Directors to be 40% for fiscal   2015   and   2014  . Cash related to these distributions was   $251.7 million   and   $271.2 million   and was paid during the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , respectively. During the year ended   August 31, 2014  , we distributed patronage refunds of   $841.1 million  , of which the cash portion was   $286.8 million  .    
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Patrons  Equities 
    
  Patrons  equities are in the form of book entries and represent a right to receive cash or other property when we redeem them. Patrons  equities form part of our capital, do not bear interest, and are not subject to redemption upon request of a patron. Patrons  equities are redeemable only at the discretion of our Board of Directors and in accordance with the terms of the redemption policy adopted by our Board of Directors, which may be modified at any time without member consent. Redemptions of capital equity certificates approved by the Board of Directors are divided into   two   pools, one for non-individuals (primarily member cooperatives) who may participate in an annual retirement program for qualified equities held by them and another for individual members who are eligible for equity redemptions at age   70   or upon death. Beginning with fiscal 2017 patronage (for which distributions will be made in fiscal 2018), individuals will also be able to participate in an annual retirement program similar to the one that was previously only available to non-individual members. In accordance with authorization from our Board of Directors, we expect total redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2016, that will be distributed in fiscal 2017, to be approximately $40.0 million. Additionally, we expect to redeem approximately $18.6 million of redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2015 earnings that are carried over from the previous year s authorization which had not been previously distributed. These redemptions will be distributed in fiscal 2017. 
    
  Cash redemptions of qualified patrons' and other equities during the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were   $23.9 million  ,   $128.9 million   and   $99.6 million  , respectively. Additionally, in fiscal 2016, we redeemed approximately $76.8 million of patrons' equities by issuing 2,693,195 shares of Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Series 1("Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock") and, in fiscal 2014, we redeemed approximately $200.0 million of patrons' equity by issuing 6,752,188 shares of Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock. 
    
  Membership 
    
  We have two types of members, individuals and cooperative associations involved in agricultural production. 
    
  Debt and Equity Instruments 
    
  We may issue debt and equity instruments to our current members and patrons, on a patronage basis or otherwise, and to persons who are neither members nor patrons. On   August 31, 2016  , our outstanding capital included patrons  equities (consisting of qualified and non-qualified capital equity certificates and non-patronage equity certificates), five series of preferred stock and certain capital reserves. 
    
  As a membership cooperative, we do not have, nor are we authorized to issue, common stock. Subject to certain limited exceptions, holders of our preferred stock do not have voting rights, except as required by applicable law. All equity we issue is subject to a first lien in favor of us for all indebtedness of the holder to us. Dividends, which may be cumulative, may be paid on our equity capital, provided that dividends on such equity capital may not exceed eight percent (8%) per annum. All of our preferred stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.  
    
  Tax Treatment 
    
  Subchapter T of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"), sets forth rules for the tax treatment of cooperatives and applies to both cooperatives exempt from taxation under Section 521 of the Internal Revenue Code and to nonexempt corporations operating on a cooperative basis. We are a nonexempt cooperative. 
    
  As a cooperative, as long as we meet the applicable minimum cash distribution requirements described above, we are not taxed on qualified patronage allocated to our patrons either in the form of equities or cash. Consequently, those amounts are taxed only at the patron level. However, the amounts of any patronage earnings allocated as non-qualified written notices of allocation are taxable to us when allocated. Upon redemption of any non-qualified written notices of allocation, the amount is deductible to us and taxable to our patrons. 
    
  Income derived by us from non-patronage sources is not entitled to the  single tax  benefit of Subchapter T and is taxed to us at corporate income tax rates. 

9 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1A.        RISK FACTORS 
    
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS 
  OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains and our other publicly available documents may contain, and our officers, directors and other representatives may from time to time make,  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as  anticipate,   intend,   plan,   goal,   seek,   believe,   project,   estimate,   expect,   strategy,   future,   likely,   may,   should,   will  and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our businesses, financial condition and results of operations, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are discussed or identified in our public filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including in this  Risk Factors  discussion. Any forward-looking statements made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based only on information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which the statement is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
    
  Reference to this Cautionary Statement in the context of a forward-looking statement shall be deemed to be a statement that any one or more of the following factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement. 
    
    The following factors are in addition to any other cautionary statements, written or oral, which may be made or referred to in connection with any particular forward-looking statement. The following review should not be construed as exhaustive. 
    
  Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by changes in commodity prices. 
    
  Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows are affected by market prices for commodities such as crude oil, natural gas, ethanol, fertilizer, grain, oilseed, flour and crude and refined vegetable oils. Commodity prices generally are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, disease, insect damage, drought, the availability and adequacy of supply, government regulation and policies and general political and economic conditions. We are also exposed to fluctuating commodity prices as the result of our inventories of commodities, typically grain, fertilizer and petroleum products, and purchase and sale contracts at fixed or partially fixed prices. At any time, our inventory levels and unfulfilled fixed or partially fixed price contract obligations may be substantial. We have processes in place to monitor exposures to these risks and engage in strategies to manage these risks. If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, we could be materially and adversely affected. Increases in market prices for commodities that we purchase without a corresponding increase in the price of our products or our sales volume or a decrease in our other operating expenses could reduce our revenues and net income.  
    
  For example, in our energy operations, profitability depends largely on the margin between the cost of crude oil that we refine and the selling prices that we obtain for our refined products. The prices for both crude oil and for gasoline, diesel fuel and other refined petroleum products fluctuate widely. Factors influencing these prices, many of which are beyond our control, include: 

levels of worldwide and domestic supplies; 

capacities of domestic and foreign refineries; 

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls, and the price and level of foreign imports; 

disruption in supply; 

political instability or armed conflict in oil-producing regions; 
     
   10 

     Table of Contents  

the level of demand from consumers, agricultural producers and other customers; 

the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

the availability of pipeline capacity; and  

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes.  
       
  The long-term effects of these and other conditions on the prices of crude oil and refined petroleum products are uncertain and ever-changing. Increases in crude oil prices without a corresponding increase in the prices of our refined petroleum products, and decreases in crude oil prices with larger corresponding decreases in the prices of our refined petroleum products, would reduce our net income. Accordingly, we expect our margins on, and the profitability of our energy business to fluctuate, possibly significantly, over time. 
    
  Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by global and domestic economic downturns and risks. 
    
  The level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographics and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. A significant downturn in global economic growth or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions may lead to a reduced demand for agricultural commodities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, weak global conditions and adverse conditions in global financial markets may adversely impact the financial condition and liquidity of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
    
  Our revenues originated outside of the United States were approximately   23%   of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2016. As a result, we are exposed to risks associated with having increased global operations, including economic or political instability in the international markets in which we do business, including South America, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia Pacific region. 
    
  Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if our members were to do business with others rather than with us. 
    
  We do not have an exclusive relationship with our members and our members are not obligated to supply us with their products or purchase products from us. Our members often have a variety of distribution outlets and product sources available to them. If our members were to sell their products to other purchasers or purchase products from other sellers, our revenues would decline and our results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  We are exposed to the risk of nonperformance by counterparties to contracts. 
    
  We are exposed to the risk of nonperformance by counterparties to contracts. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty s financial condition and liquidity and also the risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform a contract during a period of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different than the then current market prices. In the event that we experience significant nonperformance by contract counterparties, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  We participate in highly competitive business markets and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  We operate in several highly competitive business segments and our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products that are better than ours, and may be more successful in marketing and selling their products than we are with ours. Competitive factors include price, service level, proximity to markets, product quality and marketing. In our business segments, we compete with certain companies that are larger, better known and have greater marketing, financial, personnel and other resources. As a result, we may not be able to continue to compete successfully with our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in federal income tax laws or in our tax status could increase our tax liability and reduce our net income significantly. 
    
  Current federal income tax laws, regulations and interpretations regarding the taxation of cooperatives, which allow us to exclude income generated through business with or for a member (patronage income) from our taxable income, could be changed. If this occurred, or if in the future we were not eligible to be taxed as a cooperative, our tax liability would significantly increase and our net income would significantly decrease. 
    
  We incur significant costs in complying with applicable laws and regulations. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or make the capital or other investments necessary to comply with these laws and regulations, could expose us to unanticipated expenditures and liabilities. 
    
  We are subject to numerous federal, state and local provisions regulating our business and operations. We incur and expect to incur significant capital and operating expenses to comply with these laws and regulations. We may be unable to pass on those expenses to customers without experiencing volume and margin losses. For example, the compliance burden and impact on our operations and profitability as a result of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank ) and related regulations continue to evolve, as federal agencies are implementing its many provisions through regulation. These efforts to change the regulation of financial markets will subject users of derivatives, such as CHS, to extensive oversight and regulation by the CFTC. Such initiatives may impose additional costs on us, including operating and compliance costs, and could materially affect the availability, as well as the cost and terms, of certain transactions. Certain federal regulations, studies and reports addressing Dodd-Frank, including the regulation of swaps and derivatives, are still being implemented and others are being finalized. We will continue to monitor these developments. Any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
    
  We establish reserves for the future cost of known compliance obligations, such as remediation of identified environmental issues. However, these reserves may prove inadequate to meet our actual liability. Moreover, amended, new or more stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements or the future discovery of currently unknown compliance issues may require us to make material expenditures or subject us to liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. Furthermore, our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, including fines and injunctions, and recalls of our products. For example, we regularly maintain hedges to manage the price risks associated with our commercial operations. These transactions typically take place on exchanges such as the CME. Our hedging transactions and activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use, including the CME, as well as the CFTC. All exchanges have broad powers to review required records, investigate and enforce compliance and to punish noncompliance by entities subject to their jurisdiction. The failure to comply with such rules and regulations could lead to restrictions on our trading activities or subject us to enforcement action by the CFTC or a disciplinary action by the exchanges, which could lead to substantial sanctions. In addition, any investigation or proceeding by an exchange or the CFTC, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, all of which, could have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.  
    
  We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and other similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, and any noncompliance with those laws and regulations by us or others acting on our behalf could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We operate on a global basis and are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the  FCPA ). The FCPA and other similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries or agents from making improper payments to government officials or any other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, in certain countries, we engage third-party agents or intermediaries to act on our behalf. If these third parties violate applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-kickback laws or regulations, we may be liable for those violations. We have policies in place prohibiting employees from making or authorizing improper payments, we train our employees regarding compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations and we utilize procedures to identify and mitigate risks of such misconduct by our employees and third-party agents and intermediaries. However, we cannot provide assurances that our employees or third-party agents or intermediaries will comply with those policies, laws and regulations. If we are found liable for violations of the FCPA, or other similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-kickback laws or regulations, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions, including reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Environmental and energy laws and regulations may result in increased operating costs and capital expenditures and may have a material and adverse effect on us. 
    
  New environmental and energy laws and regulations, including new regulations relating to alternative energy sources and the risk of global climate change, new interpretations of existing environmental and energy laws and regulations, increased governmental enforcement of environmental and energy laws and regulations or other developments in these areas could require us to make additional unforeseen expenditures or to make unforeseen changes to our operations, either of which could adversely affect us. For example, it is possible that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level in the United States with respect to emissions of greenhouse gases ( GHGs ), such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides. New federal legislation or regulatory programs that restrict emissions of GHGs, or comparable new state legislation or programs, in areas where we conduct business could adversely affect our operations and the demand for our energy products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. In addition, new legislation or regulatory programs could require substantial expenditures for the installation and operation of systems and equipment that we do not currently possess or for substantial modifications to existing equipment. The actual effects of climate change on our businesses are, however, unknown and indeterminable at this time. 
    
  Existing environmental and energy laws and regulations could also adversely affect us. For example, pursuant to the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA has promulgated the Renewable Fuel Standard ( RFS ), which requires refiners to blend renewable fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, with their petroleum fuels or purchase renewable energy credits, known as RINs, in lieu of blending. The EPA generally establishes new annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year in the preceding year. We generate RINs in our marketing operations under the RFS, however it is not enough to meet the needs of our refining capacity and RINs must be purchased on the open market. In recent years the price of RINs has been extremely volatile. As a result, the purchase of RINs could have a negative impact on our future refined fuels margins, the impact of which we are not able to estimate at this time. 
    
  Environmental liabilities could have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  Many of our current and former facilities have been in operation for many years and, over that time, we and other operators of those facilities have generated, used, stored and disposed of substances or wastes that are or might be considered hazardous under applicable environmental laws, including liquid fertilizers, chemicals and fuels stored in underground and above-ground tanks. Any past or future actions in violation of applicable environmental laws could subject us to administrative penalties, fines, other costs, such as capital expenditures, and injunctions. In addition, an owner or operator of contaminated property, and a party who sends hazardous materials to such site for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling, can be liable for the cost of investigation and remediation under environmental laws. In some instances, such liability exists regardless of fault. Moreover, future or unknown past releases of hazardous substances could subject us to private lawsuits claiming damages, including for bodily injury or property damage, and to adverse publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Liabilities, including legal costs, related to remediation of contaminated properties are not recognized by us until the related costs are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
    
  Actual or perceived quality, safety or health risks associated with our products could subject us to significant liability and damage our business and reputation. 
    
  If any of our food or feed products became adulterated or misbranded, we would need to recall those items and could experience product liability claims if consumers or customers  livestock were injured as a result. A widespread product recall or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time or could cause a loss of consumer or customer confidence in our products. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our business and reputation with existing and potential consumers and customers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover, claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. In addition, general public perceptions regarding the quality, safety or health risks associated with particular food or feed products, such as concerns regarding genetically modified crops, could reduce demand and prices for some of the products associated with our businesses. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products that our members or we produce for health or other reasons, such as the growing demand for organic food products, and we are unable to develop or procure products that satisfy new consumer preferences, there will be a decreased demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Our financial results are susceptible to seasonality. 
    
  Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and operating results vary throughout the year. Our revenue and income are generally lowest during the second and fourth fiscal quarters and highest during the first and third fiscal quarters. For example, in our Ag segment, our crop nutrients and country operations businesses generally experience higher volumes and income during the spring planting season and during the fall harvest season. Our grain marketing operations are also subject to fluctuations in volume and income based on producer harvests, world grain prices and demand. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and income in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel usage is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, may experience higher volumes and income during the winter heating and crop drying seasons. 
    
  Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses; we do not insure against all potential losses and could be seriously harmed by unanticipated liabilities. 
    
  Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to unanticipated events such as explosions, fires, pipeline interruptions, transportation delays, equipment failures, crude oil or refined product spills, inclement weather and labor disputes. For example: 

our oil refineries and other facilities are potential targets for terrorist attacks that could halt or discontinue production; 

our inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with unionized workers in our operations could result in strikes or work stoppages; 

our corporate headquarters, the facilities we own or the significant inventories that we carry could be damaged or destroyed by catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions or contamination; 

someone may accidentally or intentionally introduce a computer virus to our information technology systems or breach our computer systems or other cyber resources; and 

an occurrence of a pandemic flu or other disease affecting a substantial part of our workforce or our customers could cause an interruption in our business operations.  
       
  The effects of any of these events could be significant. We maintain insurance coverage against many, but not all potential losses or liabilities arising from these operating hazards, but uninsured losses or losses above our coverage limits are possible. Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  Our risk management strategies may not be effective. 
    
  Our business is affected by fluctuations in commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We monitor position limits and engage in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. Our monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure. If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, it could significantly and adversely affect our operating results. 
    
  Our business is capital-intensive in nature and we rely on cash generated from our operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. 
    
  We require significant capital, including access to credit markets from time to time, to operate our business and fund our growth strategy. Our working capital requirements are directly affected by the price of commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly. We also require substantial capital to maintain and upgrade our extensive network of facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulations and changing safety standards. In addition, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict our current operations and our growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Our cooperative structure limits our ability to access equity capital. 
    
  As a cooperative, we may not sell common stock in our company. In addition, existing laws and our articles of incorporation and bylaws limit dividends on any preferred stock we may issue to 8% per annum. These limitations may restrict our ability to raise equity capital and may adversely affect our ability to compete with enterprises that do not face similar restrictions. 
    
  Consolidation among the producers of products we purchase and customers for products we sell could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Consolidation has occurred among the producers of products we purchase, including crude oil, fertilizer and grain, and it is likely to continue in the future. Consolidation could allow producers to negotiate pricing, supply availability and other contract terms that are less favorable to us. Consolidation also may increase the competition among consumers of these products to enter into supply relationships with a smaller number of producers, resulting in potentially higher prices for the products we purchase. 
    
  Consolidation has occurred among customers of our products and in wholesale and retail distribution channels and has resulted in a smaller customer base for our products and has intensified the competition for these customers, and this consolidation is likely to continue in the future. For example, ongoing consolidation among distributors and brokers of food products and food retailers has altered the buying patterns of these businesses, as they have increasingly elected to work with product suppliers who can meet their needs nationwide rather than just regionally or locally. If these distributors, brokers and retailers elect not to purchase our products, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  In addition, in the fertilizer market, consolidation at both the producer and customer level increases the potential for direct sales from the producer to the consumer, which would remove us from the supply chain and could have an adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  If our customers choose alternatives to our refined petroleum products, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  Numerous alternative energy sources currently under development could serve as alternatives to our gasoline, diesel fuel and other refined petroleum products. If any of these alternative products become more economically viable or preferable to our products for environmental or other reasons, demand for our energy products would decline. Declining demand for our energy products could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  The results of our agronomy business are highly dependent upon certain factors outside of our control. 
    
  Planted acreage, and consequently the volume of fertilizer and crop protection products applied, is partially dependent upon government programs, grain prices and the perception held by the producer of demand for production, all of which are outside of our control. In addition, weather conditions during the spring planting season and early summer spraying season also affect agronomy product volumes and profitability. Accordingly, factors outside of our control could materially and adversely affect the revenues, results of operations and cash flows of our agronomy business. 
    
  Technological improvements could decrease the demand for our agronomy and energy products. 
    
  Technological advances in agriculture could decrease the demand for crop nutrients, energy and other crop input products and services that we provide. Genetically engineered seeds that resist disease and insects, or that meet certain nutritional requirements, could affect the demand for our crop nutrients and crop protection products. Demand for fuel that we sell could decline as technology allows for more efficient usage of equipment. Declining demand for our products could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, divestitures and other non-ordinary course of business events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies could affect future results. 
    
  We     monitor our business portfolio and organizational structure and have made and may continue to make acquisitions,     strategic alliances, joint ventures, divestitures and changes to our organizational structure. With respect to acquisitions, future results will be affected by our ability to integrate acquired businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated synergies. Our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture. Additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or strategic alliances after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Several parts of our business, including in particular our nitrogen production business and portions of our grain marketing, wheat milling and foods operations, are operated through joint ventures with third parties. By operating a business through a joint venture, we have less control over business decisions than we have in our wholly-owned or majority-owned businesses. In particular, we generally cannot act on major business initiatives in our joint ventures without the consent of the other party or parties in those ventures. Investments in joint ventures may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, in which case the joint venture may be unable to access needed growth capital (if the co-venturer is solely responsible for capital contributions) or we and any other remaining co-venturers would generally be liable for the joint venture s liabilities. Co-venturers may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Our co-venturers may take actions that are not within our control. Joint venture investments may also lead to impasses. Disputes between us and co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our day-to-day business. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our co-venturers. Each of these matters could have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  We made certain assumptions and projections regarding the future of the markets served by our joint venture investments which included projected market pricing and demand for their products. These assumptions were an integral part of the economics used to evaluate these joint venture investment opportunities prior to consummation. To the extent that actual market performance varies from our models, our ability to achieve the projected returns on our joint venture investments may be impacted in a material adverse manner. 
       
  We utilize information technology systems to support our business. An ongoing multi-year implementation of an enterprise-wide resource planning system, security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems or assets could interfere with our operations, compromise security of our customers  or suppliers  information and expose us to liability which could adversely impact our business and reputation. 
    
  Our operations rely on certain key information technology ( IT ) systems, some of which are dependent upon third-party services, to provide critical connections of data, information and services for internal and external users. Over the next several years, we expect to continue implementing a new enterprise resource planning system ( ERP ), which has and will continue to require significant capital and human resources to deploy. There can be no assurance that the actual costs for the ERP will not exceed our current estimates or that the ERP will not take longer to implement than we currently expect. In addition, potential flaws in implementing the ERP may pose risks to our ability to operate successfully and efficiently. There may be other challenges and risks to our IT systems over time due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches or cyber-based attacks, and as we upgrade and standardize our ERP system on a worldwide basis. These challenges and risks could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties, disruption in operations, loss of valuable data and damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business. 

ITEM 1B.      UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
  As of the date hereof, there were no unresolved comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission staff regarding our periodic or current reports. 

16 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.      PROPERTIES 
    
  We own or lease energy, agronomy, grain handling and processing facilities throughout the United States and internationally. Below is a summary of these locations. 
    
  Energy 
    
  Facilities in our Energy segment include the following, all of which are owned except where indicated as leased: 
                 Refineries 
    Laurel, Montana and McPherson, Kansas 
      Propane terminals 
    Glenwood, Minnesota; Black Creek, Wisconsin; Hixton, Wisconsin; Biddeford, Maine; Hannaford, North Dakota; Ross, North Dakota; Rockville, Minnesota 
      Transportation terminals/repair facilities 
    15 locations in Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington and Wisconsin, 3 of which are leased 
      Petroleum and asphalt terminals/storage facilities 
    11 locations in Montana, North Dakota and Wisconsin 
      Pipelines: 
      
      Cenex Pipeline, LLC 
    Laurel, Montana to Fargo, North Dakota 
      Front Range Pipeline, LLC 
    Canadian border to Laurel, Montana and on to Billings, Montana 
      Jayhawk Pipeline, LLC 
    Throughout Kansas, with branches in Nebraska, Oklahoma and Texas 
      Osage Pipeline (50% owned by CHS McPherson) 
    Oklahoma to Kansas 
      Kaw Pipeline (67% owned by CHS McPherson) 
    Locations throughout Kansas 
      Convenience stores/gas stations 
    71 locations in Idaho, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington and Wyoming, 19 of which are leased  
      Lubricant plants/warehouses 
    Three locations in Minnesota, Ohio and Texas, one of which is leased 

Ag 
    
  Within our Ag segment, we own or lease the following facilities: 
    
  Grain Marketing 
    
  We own 19 grain terminals, which are used in our grain marketing operations, in: Pekin, Illinois; Davenport, Iowa; Myrtle Grove, Louisiana; Savage and Winona, Minnesota; Collins, Mississippi; Friona, Texas; Superior, Wisconsin; Argentina; Bosnia; Brazil; Hungary; and Romania. In addition to office space at our corporate headquarters, we have 32 grain marketing offices in: Davenport, Iowa; Winona, Minnesota; Kansas City, Missouri; Lincoln, Nebraska; Argentina; Australia; Bosnia; Brazil; Bulgaria; Canada; China; Hungary; Jordan; Paraguay; Romania; Russia; Serbia; Singapore; South Korea; Spain; Switzerland; Taiwan; Ukraine; and Uruguay. We lease all of these grain marketing offices, other than the grain marketing offices in Davenport, Iowa and Winona, Minnesota, which we own.   
    
  Country Operations 
    
  In our country operations business, we own agri-operations facilities in 487 communities (of which some of the facilities are on leased land), three sunflower plants and eight feed manufacturing facilities of which we operate eight and lease one to a joint venture of which we are a partner. These operations are located in Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Washington, Wisconsin and Canada. 
    
  Crop Nutrients 
    
  We own one deep water port in Galveston, Texas and 20 terminals on major rivers in: Little Rock, Arkansas; Post Falls, Idaho; Muscatine, Iowa; Melbourne and Owensboro, Kentucky; Alexandria, Lake Providence, Lettsworth, Mermentau,  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Tallulah and Vidalia, Louisiana; St. Paul and Winona (two terminals), Minnesota; Greenville, Mississippi; Grand Forks, North Dakota; Watertown, South Dakota; Memphis, Tennessee; and Friona and Texarkana, Texas. The facilities located in Little Rock, Arkansas, Owensboro, Kentucky and Galveston, Texas are on leased land.  
    
  Processing and Food Ingredients 
    
  We own oilseed processing facilities and/or textured soy protein production facilities in: Creston, Iowa; Hutchinson, Kansas; Hallock, Fairmont and Mankato, Minnesota; and South Sioux City, Nebraska.  
    
  Renewable Fuels 
    
  We own ethanol plants located in Rochelle and Annawan, Illinois. 
    
  Corporate and Other 
    
  Business Solutions 
    
    I  n addition to office space at our corporate headquarters, we lease six offices in: Kewanee, Illinois; Brownsburg and Indianapolis, Indiana; Kansas City, Missouri; Huron, South Dakota; and The Woodlands, Texas.   
    
  Corporate Headquarters  
    
  We are headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota. We own a 33-acre campus consisting of one main building with approximately 320,000 square feet of office space and two smaller buildings with approximately 13,400 and 9,000 square feet of space. We also have offices in Eagan, Minnesota and Washington, D.C., which are leased. 

ITEM 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are involved as a defendant in various lawsuits, claims and disputes, which are in the normal course of our business. The resolution of any such matters may affect consolidated net income for any fiscal period; however, our management believes any resulting liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows during any fiscal year. 
    
    Laurel 
    
    On or around August 30, 2012, we received a request from the EPA for information pursuant to Section 114 of the Clean Air Act. The information requested relates to operational information and design data for flares at our Laurel, Montana refinery for the period between January 1, 2006 to the present. The information request could potentially result in an enforcement action by the EPA with respect to flare efficiency or other issues. We provided information relating to the EPA's request in December 2012 and are awaiting the EPA s response. As the form of any potential enforcement action, and whether the EPA will pursue any such enforcement action, are not yet certain, we are unable to determine the potential liability or extent of potential costs associated with any such enforcement action at this time. Accordingly, we have not recorded a liability associated with this request. Although the facts and circumstances of enforcement actions under the Clean Air Act relating to flares at refineries differ on a case-by-case basis, some refineries have incurred significant penalties and other costs in connection with such enforcement actions. 
    
  On July 11, 2016, we received a letter from the EPA responding to 21 reports that we had previously submitted to the EPA detailing prior flaring incidents at our Laurel, Montana refinery. These reports were submitted by us pursuant to the requirements of a 2004 consent decree among us, the United States and the State of Montana. In its response letter, the EPA stated that it was requesting stipulated penalties totaling $886,905, to be paid 50% to the EPA and 50% to the State of Montana, in connection with 15 of the incidents covered by the reports. We then paid $34,965 of the requested stipulated penalties relating to four incidents, and disputed the EPA s conclusions with respect to, and the stipulated penalties requested for, 11 of the incidents. On September 29, 2016, we met with representatives of the EPA to address the unresolved issues relating to the remaining 11 incidents. At that meeting, we presented arguments supporting our position that certain requested stipulated penalties should be reduced, and the EPA agreed to reduce the requested stipulated penalties for 8 of the 11 remaining incidents. In an October 13, 2016 letter to the EPA, we reiterated the arguments and positions we presented at the September 29, 2016 meeting. We are awaiting both the EPA s response to that letter and the revised amount of stipulated penalties that it is requesting.   
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

PART II. 

ITEM 5.      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
    
  We have approximately 100,700 members who have done business with us in the past five fiscal years, of which approximately 1,100 are cooperative association members and approximately 99,600 are individual members. As a cooperative, we do not have any common stock that is traded or otherwise. 
    
  The following table is a summary of our outstanding preferred stock as of   August 31, 2016  , all of which are listed on the Global Select Market of NASDAQ:  

(a)   
    Includes patrons' equities redeemed with preferred stock. 
               (b)   
    The Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2 accumulates dividends at a rate of   7.10%   per year until March 31, 2024, and then at a rate equal to the three-month U. S. Dollar London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus   4.298%  , not to exceed   8.00%   per annum, subsequent to March 31, 2024. 
                (d)   
    Preferred stock is redeemable for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at a per share price equal to the per share liquidation preference of   $25.00   per share, plus all dividends accumulated and unpaid on that share to and including the date of redemption, beginning on the dates set forth in this column. 
         
  We have not sold any equity securities during the three years ended   August 31, 2016   that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

19 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.      SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
  The following table sets forth our selected historical consolidated financial information for each of the five periods indicated. This information should be read in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The selected financial information as of and for the years ended August 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 is derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes. For periods prior to fiscal 2015, certain amounts have been revised to include activity and amounts related to capital leases that were previously incorrectly accounted for as operating leases. See Note 18,   Correction of Immaterial Errors  , of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the nature and amounts of these revisions. 
    
  Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

ITEM 7.      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Overview 
    
  The following discussion of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited financial statements and notes to those statements and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections of our management. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, as more fully described in the cautionary statement and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

CHS Inc. ("CHS", "we" or "us") is a diversified company, which provides grain, foods and energy resources to businesses and consumers on a global basis. As a cooperative, we are owned by farmers, ranchers and their member cooperatives across the United States. We also have preferred shareholders that own shares of our five series of preferred stock, which are each listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
    
  We provide a full range of production agricultural inputs such as refined fuels, propane, farm supplies, animal nutrition and agronomy products, as well as services, which include hedging, financing and insurance services. We own and operate petroleum refineries and pipelines and market and distribute refined fuels and other energy products under the Cenex        brand through a network of member cooperatives and independent retailers. We purchase grains and oilseeds directly and indirectly from agricultural producers primarily in the midwestern and western United States. These grains and oilseeds are either sold to domestic and international customers or further processed into a variety of grain-based food products or renewable fuels. 
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CHS and all of our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and limited liability companies. The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Prior to fiscal 2015, our renewable fuels marketing business was included in our Energy segment and our renewable fuels production business was included in our Ag segment. At the beginning of fiscal 2015, we reconfigured certain parts of our business to better align our ethanol supply chain. As a result, our renewable fuels marketing business is now managed together with our renewable fuels production business within our Ag segment. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 280,   Segment Reporting  , we have identified our operating segments to reflect the manner in which our chief operating decision maker evaluates performance and manages the business, and we have aggregated those operating segments into our Energy, Ag, Nitrogen Production, and Foods reportable segments, as well as our Corporate and Other category. Prior period segment information has been revised to ensure comparability. 
    
  Our Energy segment produces and provides primarily for the wholesale distribution of petroleum products and transportation of those products. Our Ag segment purchases and further processes or resells grains and oilseeds originated by our country operations business, by our member cooperatives and by third parties, and also serves as a wholesaler and retailer of crop inputs. Our Nitrogen Production segment consists solely of our equity method investment in CF Nitrogen and produces and distributes nitrogen fertilizer, a commodity chemical. Our Foods segment consists solely of our equity method investment in Ventura Foods and is a processor and distributor of edible oils used in food preparation and a packager of food products. Corporate and Other primarily represents our non-consolidated wheat milling joint venture, as well as our business solutions operations, which consist of commodities hedging, insurance and financial services related to crop production. 
    
  Corporate administrative expenses and interest are allocated to each business segment, and Corporate and Other, based on direct usage for services that can be tracked, such as information technology and legal, and other factors or considerations relevant to the costs incurred. 
    
  Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and operating results vary throughout the year. Our revenues and income are generally lowest during the second and fourth fiscal quarters and highest during the first and third fiscal quarters. For example, in our Ag segment, our crop nutrients and country operations businesses generally experience higher volumes and income during the spring planting season and in the fall, which corresponds to harvest. Our grain marketing operations are also subject to fluctuations in volume and earnings based on producer harvests, world grain prices and demand. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and profitability in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel usage is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, may experience higher volumes and profitability during the winter heating and crop drying seasons. 
    
  Our revenues, assets and cash flows can be significantly affected by global market prices for commodities such as petroleum products, natural gas, grains, oilseeds, crop nutrients and flour. Changes in market prices for commodities that we purchase without a corresponding change in the selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. Commodity prices are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including the weather, crop damage due to disease or insects, drought, the availability and adequacy of supply, government regulations and policies, world events, and general political and economic conditions. 
    
  Our business is cyclical and in recent years the Ag and Energy economies were near the peak of the cycle. The Ag and Energy industries have fallen off of their peaks and entered into a down cycle characterized by reduced commodity prices and lower margins globally. This down cycle also impacts the nitrogen fertilizer industry and as a result, we are similarly impacted in our Nitrogen Production business. We are unable to predict how long this down cycle will last or how severe it may be. During this period, we, along with our competitors and customers, expect our revenues, margins and cash flows to be under  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

pressure as energy and commodity prices remain low and potentially decline further. As we operate in this ongoing down cycle, we have taken and are continuing to take prudent actions regarding costs and investments, while continuing to position ourselves to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. These prudent actions included holding overhead costs flat and reducing capital investments for fiscal 2016, which we intend to continue through fiscal 2017 and into fiscal 2018, as well as focusing on the return we earn on our investments in assets.  
    
  While our revenues and operating results are derived from businesses and operations which are wholly-owned and majority-owned, a portion of our business operations are conducted through companies in which we hold ownership interests of 50% or less and do not control the operations. We account for these investments primarily using the equity method of accounting, wherein we record our proportionate share of income or loss reported by the entity as equity income from investments, without consolidating the revenues and expenses of the entity in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In our Ag segment, this principally includes our 50% ownership in TEMCO, LLC. In our Nitrogen Production segment, this consists of our 11.4% ownership in CF Nitrogen. In our Foods segment, this consists of our 50% ownership in Ventura Foods. In Corporate and Other, this principally includes our 12% ownership in Ardent Mills. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Comparison of the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015  
    
  General  .   We recorded income before income taxes of $419.9 million during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to $768.2 million recorded during the year ended August 31, 2015, a decrease of $348.3 million (45%). Results reflect decreased pretax earnings in our Energy and Ag segments, as well as Corporate and Other, partially offset by increased pretax earnings in our Foods segment, which was previously reported as a component of Corporate and Other, and our new Nitrogen Production segment, which reflects the results of our strategic investment in CF Nitrogen. 
    
  Our Energy segment generated income before income taxes of $275.4 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to $538.1 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, representing a decrease of $262.7 million (49%), primarily due to significantly reduced refining margins in fiscal 2016. Our transportation business also experienced a decline while our propane and lubricants businesses earnings increased versus the prior year. We are subject to the Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS") which requires refiners to blend renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol, biodiesel) into their finished transportation fuels or purchase renewable energy credits, known as Renewable Identification Numbers ("RINs"), in lieu of blending. The EPA generally establishes new annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year in the preceding year. We generate RINs under the RFS in our renewable fuels operations and through our blending activities at our terminals, however we cannot generate enough RINs to meet the needs of our refining capacity and RINs must be purchased on the open market. The price of RINs can be volatile. On November 30, 2015, the EPA released the final mandate for years 2014, 2015, and 2016 resulting in an increase to the price of RINs. This price increase did not have a material impact on our financial results during fiscal 2016 or 2015 as it related to our purchases of RINs. 
    
  Our Ag segment generated income before income taxes of $31.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to $149.6 million in the year ended August 31, 2015, a decrease in earnings of $118.6 million (79%). Our country operations earnings decreased $82.9 million primarily due to lower grain margins, which was partially offset by increased grain volumes during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior year. Earnings from our wholesale crop nutrients business decreased $59.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior year, primarily due to decreased margins. Our processing and food ingredients business experienced a decrease in earnings of $56.6 million for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared with the prior year, primarily due to charges associated with the disposal and impairment of assets as well as a charge associated with a specific customer receivable and, to a lesser extent, lower margins in our soybean crushing business. Our grain marketing earnings decreased $36.4 million during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of decreased margins, partially offset by increased volumes. Earnings from our renewable fuels marketing and production operations decreased $2.2 million during the year ended August 31, 2016, primarily due to lower market prices for ethanol and was partially offset by increased volumes. The lower margins referenced above are the result of the down cycle in the Ag economy previously discussed, which has resulted in reduced commodity prices and lower margins across the globe. These decreases were partially offset by a fiscal 2015 impairment charge of $116.5 million that did not reoccur in fiscal 2016 that was associated with our decision to cease development of our previously planned nitrogen fertilizer plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota.  
    
  Our Nitrogen Production segment generated income before income taxes of $34.1 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, for which there is no comparable income in the prior year as this segment consists solely of our equity method investment in CF Nitrogen, which was consummated on February 1, 2016. See Note 4,   Investments,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Our Foods segment, which was previously reported as a component of Corporate and Other, generated income before income taxes of $64.8 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, representing an increase of $2.2 million (3%) compared to $62.6 million in the prior year. This segment consists solely of our equity method investment in Ventura Foods.  
    
  Corporate and Other generated income before income taxes of $14.7 million for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to $17.8 million during the previous year, a decrease in earnings of $3.1 million (17%). 
    
  Net Income attributable to CHS Inc  .   Consolidated net income attributable to CHS Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2016 was $424.2 million compared to $781.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, which represents a $356.8 million decrease (46%). 
    
  Revenues  .   Consolidated revenues were $30.4 billion for the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to $34.6 billion for the year ended August 31, 2015, which represents a $4.2 billion decrease (12%). 
    
  Our Energy segment revenues of $5.4 billion, after elimination of intersegment revenues, decreased by $2.8 billion (34%) during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. During the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, our Energy segment recorded revenues from sales to our Ag segment of $341.8 million and $484.0 million, respectively, which are eliminated as part of the consolidation process. Refined fuels revenues decreased $2.5 billion (35%), of which approximately $2.0 billion related to a decrease in the net average selling price and $480.1 million related to a decrease in sales volumes, compared to the prior year. The selling price of refined fuels products decreased an average of $0.74 (30%) per gallon, and sales volumes decreased 7%, compared to the previous year. Propane revenues decreased $396.4 million (43%), of which $252.2 million was attributable to a decrease in the net average selling price and $144.2 million was attributable to a decrease in volumes. Propane sales volume decreased 16% due to warmer temperatures in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, and the average selling price of propane decreased $0.34 (32%) per gallon, when compared to the previous year.  
    
  Our Ag segment revenues of $24.8 billion, after elimination of intersegment revenues, decreased $1.5 billion (6%) during the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to the year ended August 31, 2015.  
    
  Grain revenues in our Ag segment totaled   $16.8 billion   and $17.2 billion during the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The grain revenue decrease from the prior year of $479.2 million (3%), was attributable to $3.4 billion due to lower average grain selling prices, partially offset by an increase in volumes of $3.0 billion. The average sales price of all grain and oilseed commodities sold reflected a decrease of 17%, when compared to the prior year.  
    
  Our processing and food ingredients revenues in our Ag segment of $1.6 billion for the year ended August 31, 2016 was essentially flat when compared to the prior year with higher volumes being offset by lower average selling prices on our oilseed products. Typically, changes in average selling prices of oilseed products are primarily driven by the average market prices of soybeans. The increase in volumes sold is mostly due to the acquisition of a plant late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.  
    
  Wholesale crop nutrient revenues in our Ag segment totaled $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion during the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for a decrease of $488.9 million (20%) in fiscal 2016. The decrease consisted of $480.2 million related to lower average fertilizer selling prices and $8.7 million related to lower volumes during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior fiscal year. Our wholesale crop nutrient volumes decreased less than 1% and the average sales price of all fertilizers sold reflected a decrease of $72.86 per ton (19%), during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared with the previous year, which reflects a more challenging Ag economy.  
    
  Our renewable fuels revenue from our marketing and production operations decreased $170.1 million during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of a lower average sales price of $0.21 (12%) per gallon, which accounted for $202.7 million of the decrease. Market supply and demand forces as well as the decline in traditional fuels drove prices lower year over year. The impact of lower prices was partially offset by higher volumes, which increased revenues by $32.6 million.  
    
  Our Ag segment other product revenues, primarily feed and farm supplies, of $2.7 billion decreased by $336.5 million (11%) during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in our country operations retail sales of feed and farm supplies and the sales price of energy related products.  
    
  Total revenues include other revenues generated primarily within our Ag segment and Corporate and Other. Our Ag segment's country operations elevators and agri-service centers derive other revenues from activities related to production  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

agriculture, which include grain storage, grain cleaning, fertilizer spreading, crop protection spraying and other associated services of this nature, and our grain marketing operations receive other revenues at our export terminals from activities related to loading vessels. Corporate and Other derives revenues primarily from our financing, hedging and insurance operations. 
    
  Cost of Goods Sold  .   Consolidated cost of goods sold was $29.4 billion for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to $33.1 billion for the year ended August 31, 2015, which represents a $3.7 billion (11%) decrease. 
    
  Our Energy segment cost of goods sold, after elimination of intersegment costs, decreased by approximately $2.5 billion (33%) to $5.0 billion during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior year. The decrease in cost of goods sold is primarily due to decreases in our refined fuels and propane businesses. Specifically, refined fuels cost of goods sold decreased $1.8 billion (30%), which reflects a $0.52 per gallon (24%) decrease in the average cost of refined fuels when compared to the prior year. The propane cost of goods sold decreased $432.3 million (47%), primarily from an average cost decrease of $0.38 per gallon (37%) and a 16% decrease in volumes.  
    
  Our Ag segment cost of goods sold, after elimination of intersegment costs, decreased by $1.2 billion (5%) to $24.3 billion, during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior year. Grain cost of goods sold in our Ag segment totaled $16.6 billion and $16.8 billion during the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The costs of grains and oilseed procured through our Ag segment in the year ended August 31, 2016 decreased $269.5 million compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. The majority of the decrease was driven by a lower average cost per bushel of $0.98 (16%), which accounted for $3.2 billion of the decrease, partially offset by a 17% increase in volumes of $2.9 billion for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the prior year.  
    
  Our processing and food ingredients cost of goods sold in our Ag segment of $1.5 billion increased $36.9 million (2%) for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. The net increase is comprised of $879.2 million in higher volumes, partially offset by $815.0 million from a lower average cost of oilseeds purchased for further processing, when compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. Changes in cost are typically driven by the market price of soybeans purchased. In addition, in fiscal 2016, we recorded a non-cash charge of $27.3 million associated with the disposal and impairment of certain fixed assets at our domestic and international facilities. 
    
  Wholesale crop nutrients cost of goods sold in our Ag segment totaled $1.9 billion and decreased $361.2 million (15%) during the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. The decrease is the result of a 15% lower average cost per ton and a decrease in the tons sold of less than 1%, when compared to the prior year. 
    
  Renewable fuels cost of goods sold associated with our marketing and production operations decreased $172.5 million (11%) for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. This was primarily due to a decrease in the average cost per gallon of $0.21 (12%) which was partially offset by an increase in volumes, when compared to the prior year. 
    
  Our Ag segment other product cost of goods sold, primarily feed and farm supplies, decreased $321.6 million (12%) for the year ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ended August 31, 2015, primarily the result of decreased country operations retail sales of feed and farm supplies and the purchase price of energy related products. 
    
  Marketing, General and Administrative  .   Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $649.1 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, decreased by $126.3 million (16%) compared to the prior year. In fiscal 2015 there was a $116.5 million charge related to our decision not to proceed with the development of a nitrogen fertilizer plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota, which did not reoccur in fiscal 2016. The remaining decrease is primarily due to a reduction of compensation expenses, including a significant reduction of incentive compensation accruals, partially offset by a net increase in receivables specific reserves related to an international customer and a domestic customer and increased costs related to prior year acquisitions included for the full year in fiscal 2016.  
    
  Gain/Loss on Investments.    Gain on investments for the year ended August 31, 2016 increased by $4.0 million compared to the year ended August 31, 2016. The increase was related to gains on bond transactions specific to our international operations.  
    
  Interest expense, net  .   Net interest of $75.3 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, increased $15.0 million (25%) compared to the previous year. Approximately $50.9 million of the increase was related to interest expense associated with increased debt balances in fiscal 2016 as well as lower capitalized interest of $26.9 million associated with our ongoing capital projects. This was partially offset by additional interest income of $28.0 million and a decrease of $34.8 million associated with a decrease in patronage earned by the noncontrolling interests of NCRA (now known as CHS McPherson).  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Equity Income from Investments  .   Equity income from investments of $175.8 million for the year ended August 31, 2016, increased $67.9 million (63%) compared to the year ended August 31, 2015. The increase was related primarily to equity earnings recognized from our new equity method investment in CF Nitrogen of $74.7 million during the year ended August 31, 2016. See Note 4,   Investments,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. In general, we record equity income or loss from the investments in which we have an ownership interest of 50% or less and have significant influence, but not control, for our proportionate share of income or loss reported by the entity, without consolidating the revenues and expenses of the entity in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  Income Taxes.     Income tax benefit was $4.1 million and $12.2 million for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of (1.0%) and (1.6%), respectively. The negative effective tax rate in fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by an appeals settlement with the Internal Revenue Service for a fiscal 2006 and 2007 tax matter. The federal and state statutory rate applied to nonpatronage business activity was 38.3% and 38.1% for the years ended August 31, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The income taxes and effective tax rate vary each year based upon profitability and nonpatronage business activity during each of the comparable years.  
    
  Noncontrolling Interests.     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $0.2 million and $0.7 million for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, a decrease of $0.5 million.  
    
  Comparison of the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
  General  .   We recorded income before income taxes of $768.2 million during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to $1,131.3 million recorded during the year ended August 31, 2014, a decrease of $363.1 million (32%). Results reflect decreased pretax earnings in our Energy and Ag segments, as well as Corporate and Other, partially offset by increased income in our Foods segment, which was previously reported as a component of Corporate and Other. The results reflect an impairment in fiscal 2015 associated with our exit of our Spiritwood project of approximately $116.5 million, as a well as a gain associated with the formation of Ardent Mills of $109.2 million in fiscal 2014 which did not reoccur in fiscal 2015.  
    
  Our Energy segment generated income before income taxes of $538.1 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to $728.4 million for the year ended August 31, 2014, representing a decrease of $190.3 million (26%), primarily due to significantly reduced refining margins in fiscal 2015 as a result of the turnaround at our McPherson, Kansas, refinery in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and the turnaround at our Laurel, Montana refinery in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. We are subject to the RFS, which requires refiners to blend renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol, biodiesel) into their finished transportation fuels or purchase renewable energy credits, known as RINs, in lieu of blending. The EPA generally establishes new annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year in the preceding year. We generate RINs under the RFS in our renewable fuels operations and through our blending activities at our terminals, however we cannot generate enough RINs to meet the needs of our refining capacity and RINs must be purchased on the open market. The price of RINs can be volatile. On November 30, 2015, the EPA released the final mandate for years 2015 and 2014 resulting in an increase to the price of RINs. This price increase did not have a material impact on our financial results during fiscal 2015 or 2014 as it related to our purchases of RINs. 
    
  Our Ag segment generated income before income taxes of $149.6 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to $213.4 million in the year ended August 31, 2014, a decrease in earnings of $63.8 million (30%). The decrease in our Ag segment results was primarily driven by an impairment charge of $116.5 million which was recorded in fiscal 2015 and was associated with our decision to cease development of our previously planned nitrogen fertilizer plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota. Our grain marketing earnings decreased $44.1 million during the year ended August 31, 2015 compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of robust logistical performance in fiscal 2014, which didn't reoccur in fiscal 2015, as well as additional expenses related to growth and foreign exchange losses, partially offset by increased margins. Our country operations earnings decreased $22.1 million, primarily from decreased retail agronomy margins and additional expenses related to growth, which was partially offset by increased grain volumes and margins during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the prior year. Earnings from our wholesale crop nutrients business increased by $9.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased margins, partially offset by decreased volumes. Earnings from our renewable fuels marketing and production operations decreased $10.5 million during the year ended August 31, 2015, primarily due to significantly lower market prices for ethanol, which resulted in lower marketing commissions and was partially offset by earnings from the acquisitions of our Annawan, Illinois ethanol plant in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and our Rochelle, Illinois ethanol plant in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. Our processing and food ingredients business experienced an increase in earnings of $111.0 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared with the prior year, primarily due to a non-cash  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

impairment charge in fiscal 2014 of $74.5 million related to certain assets in Israel. In addition, we had a decrease in operating expenses at our plants related to a reduction in the price of natural gas as well as increased margins.  
    
  Our Foods segment generated income before income taxes of $62.6 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to $48.4 million for the prior year, an increase of $14.2 million (29%). The increase was primarily the result of increased sales volumes.   
    
  Corporate and Other generated income before income taxes of $17.7 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to $141.1 million during the previous year, a decrease in earnings of $123.4 million (87%). The decrease was primarily related to a $109.2 million gain associated with the contribution of our Horizon Milling assets to the Ardent Mills joint venture formed during fiscal 2014. See Note 4,   Investments,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.  
    
  Net Income attributable to CHS Inc  .   Consolidated net income attributable to CHS Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2015 was $781.0 million compared to $1,081.4 million for the year ended August 31, 2014, which represents a $300.4 million decrease (28%). 
    
  Revenues  .   Consolidated revenues were $34.6 billion for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to $42.7 billion for the year ended August 31, 2014, which represents an $8.1 billion decrease (19%). 
    
  Our Energy segment revenues of $8.2 billion, after elimination of intersegment revenues, decreased by $3.4 billion (29%) during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to $11.6 billion during the year ended August 31, 2014. During the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, our Energy segment recorded revenues from sales to our Ag segment of $484.0 million and $600.4 million, respectively, which are eliminated as part of the consolidation process. Refined fuels revenues decreased $2.9 billion (29%), all of which was related to a decrease in the net average selling price, compared to the prior year. The sales price of refined fuels products decreased $0.88 per gallon (28%), compared to the previous year. Propane revenues decreased $463.1 million (34%), of which $399.4 million was attributable to a decrease in the net average selling price and $63.7 million was related to a decrease in volumes. The volumes of our propane products decreased due to an extremely cold winter in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2015 and the prices decreased due to a condensed crop drying season in fiscal 2014, which drove prices up that didn't reoccur in fiscal 2015. Propane sales volume decreased 5%, and the average selling price of propane decreased $0.41 per gallon (31%), when compared to the previous year.  
    
  Our Ag segment revenues of $26.3 billion, after elimination of intersegment revenues, decreased $4.7 billion (15%) during the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to $31.0 billion for the year ended August 31, 2014.  
    
  Grain revenues in our Ag segment totaled   $16.8 billion   and $20.7 billion during the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Of the grain revenues decrease of $3.5 billion (17%), $3.1 billion was due to decreased average grain selling prices, with the remaining decrease driven by a $329.1 million net decrease in volume, compared to the prior year. The average sales price of all grain and oilseed commodities sold reflected a decrease of $1.14 per bushel (15%), when compared to the prior year. Wheat, soybeans, and corn had decreased volumes, compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. 
    
  Our processing and food ingredients revenues in our Ag segment of $1.6 billion for the year ended August 31, 2015 decreased $243.4 million (14%), when compared to the prior year. The net decrease in revenues was comprised of a $462.4 million decrease in the average selling price, partially offset by a $219.0 million increase in volumes of our oilseed products sold as compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. Typically, changes in average selling prices of oilseed products are primarily driven by the average market prices of soybeans.  
    
  Wholesale crop nutrient revenues in our Ag segment totaled $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion during the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for a decrease of $331.2 million (12%). Of this decrease, $274.8 million was related to a decrease in volumes and $56.4 million was related to a decrease in average fertilizer selling prices, during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the prior fiscal year. Our wholesale crop nutrient volumes decreased 10% and the average sales price of all fertilizers sold reflected a decrease of $8.52 per ton (2%), during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared with the previous year.  
    
  Our renewable fuels revenue from our marketing and production operations decreased $548.4 million during the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. The change was primarily the result of a decrease in the average sales price of $0.62 (26%) per gallon, which accounted for $581.5 million of the decrease. The lower average selling price of our ethanol was impacted by the decline in the price of traditional fuels. The impact of lower prices was partially offset  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

by higher volumes, which increased revenues by $33.1 million. The increase in volumes sold was mostly due to the acquisition of our Rochelle, Illinois ethanol plant in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. 
    
  Our Ag segment other product revenues, primarily feed and farm supplies, of $3.0 billion decreased by $133.1 million (4%) during the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to the year ended August 31, 2014, primarily due to a decrease in our country operations retail sales of feed and the sales price of energy related products.  
    
  Total revenues include other revenues generated primarily within our Ag segment and Corporate and Other. Our Ag segment's country operations elevators and agri-service centers derive other revenues from activities related to production agriculture, which include grain storage, grain cleaning, fertilizer spreading, crop protection spraying and other associated services of this nature. In addition, our grain marketing operations receive other revenues at our export terminals from activities related to loading vessels. Corporate and Other derives revenues primarily from our financing, hedging and insurance operations. 
    
  Cost of Goods Sold  .   Consolidated cost of goods sold was $33.1 billion for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to $41.0 billion for the year ended August 31, 2014, which represents a $7.9 billion (19%) decrease. 
    
  Our Energy segment cost of goods sold, after elimination of intersegment costs, decreased by approximately $3.1 billion (29%) to $7.5 billion during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the prior year. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to decreases in our refined fuels and propane businesses. Specifically, refined fuels cost of goods sold decreased $2.6 billion (29%), which reflects a $0.78 per gallon (28%) decrease in the average cost of refined fuels when compared to the prior year. The cost of goods sold of propane decreased $482.6 million (35%), primarily from an average cost decrease of $0.43 per gallon (32%) and a 5% decrease in volumes when compared to the prior year. The volumes of our propane products decreased due to an extremely cold winter in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2015 and the prices decreased due to a condensed crop drying season in fiscal 2014, which drove prices up that didn't reoccur in fiscal 2015. 
    
  Our Ag segment cost of goods sold, after elimination of intersegment costs, decreased by $4.8 billion (16%) to $25.6 billion, during the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the prior year. Grain cost of goods sold in our Ag segment totaled $16.8 billion and $20.3 billion during the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The costs of grains and oilseed procured through our Ag segment decreased $3.5 billion compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. The majority of the decrease was driven by a lower average cost per bushel of $1.15 (16%), which accounted for $3.2 billion of the decrease, with a 2% decrease in volumes contributing $323.0 million to the decrease, for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to the prior year. The average month-end market price per bushel of soybeans and spring wheat decreased, partially offset by increases in the average month-end market price per bushel of corn, compared to the previous year. 
    
  Our processing and food ingredients cost of goods sold in our Ag segment of $1.5 billion decreased $344.8 million (19%) for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the cost of soybeans purchased, partially offset by higher volumes. There was also a non-cash $74.5 million impairment charge related to certain assets in Israel recorded in fiscal 2014. 
    
  Wholesale crop nutrients cost of goods sold in our Ag segment totaled $2.3 billion and $2.7 billion during the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for a decrease of $349.0 million (13%) in fiscal 2015. This decrease was comprised of a decrease in the average cost per ton of fertilizer of $13.13 (4%), and a decrease in the tons sold of 10%, when compared to the prior year. 
    
  Renewable fuels cost of goods sold associated with our marketing and production operations decreased $560.1 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. This was primarily from a decrease in the average cost per gallon of $0.63 (27%), which was partially offset by an increase in volumes, when compared to the prior year. The increase in volumes was due to the Rochelle, Illinois ethanol plant we acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. 
    
  Our Ag segment other product cost of goods sold, primarily feed and farm supplies, decreased $126.4 million (5%) for the year ended August 31, 2015, compared to the year ended August 31, 2014, primarily the result of decreased country operations retail sales of feed and the purchase price of energy related products. 
    
  Marketing, General and Administrative  .   Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $775.4 million for the year ended August 31, 2015, increased by $172.8 million (29%) compared to the prior year. The net increase in fiscal 2015 was primarily due to a $116.5 million charge related to our decision not to proceed with the development of a nitrogen fertilizer plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota. The remaining increase was due to additional head count to support our operations and  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

expansion, increased bad debt provision related to an international customer and increased information technology maintenance and marketing costs.  
    
  Gain/Loss on Investments.    Gain on investments for the year ended August 31, 2015 decreased by $108.9 million compared to the year ended August 31, 2014, related primarily to a $109.2 million gain in fiscal 2014 associated with the contribution of our Horizon Milling assets to the Ardent Mills joint venture that did not reoccur in fiscal 2015. See Note 4,   Investments,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.  
    
  Interest expense, net  .   Net interest of $60.3 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 decreased $79.9 million compared to the previous year. Approximately $48.8 million of the decrease was related to capitalized interest associated with our ongoing capital projects, and $36.1 million was associated with a decrease in patronage earned by the noncontrolling interests of NCRA (now known as CHS McPherson). These were partially offset by a gain of $13.5 million on interest rate swaps in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 that didn't reoccur in fiscal 2015.  
    
  Equity Income from Investments  .   Equity income from investments of $107.9 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 increased by less than 1% compared to the year ended August 31, 2014. We record equity income or loss from the investments in which we have an ownership interest of 50% or less and have significant influence, but not control, for our proportionate share of income or loss reported by the entity, without consolidating the revenues and expenses of the entity in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  Income Taxes.     Income tax benefit was $12.2 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared with income tax expense of $48.3 million for the year ended August 31, 2014, resulting in effective tax rates of (1.6%) and 4.3%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was driven by the combination of deferred tax benefits of $30.8 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2015 related to the issuance of non-qualified equity certificates in fiscal 2013 and 2014 and $19.3 million from the recognition of Kansas tax credits generated by NCRA (now known as CHS McPherson). The federal and state statutory rate applied to nonpatronage business activity was 38.1% for both years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014. The income taxes and effective tax rate vary each year based upon profitability and nonpatronage business activity during each of the comparable years.  
    
  Noncontrolling Interests.     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $0.7 million for the year ended August 31, 2015 compared to net income of $1.6 million for the year ended August 31, 2014, a decrease of $2.3 million.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  In assessing our financial condition, we consider factors such as working capital and internal benchmarking related to our applicable financial covenants. We fund our operations primarily through a combination of cash flows from operations and revolving credit facilities. We fund our capital expenditures and growth primarily through operating cash flow, long-term debt financing and issuance of preferred stock. 
  On   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of   $414.4 million   and   $2.8 billion  , respectively. The decrease in working capital was driven primarily by reduced cash levels and increased short-term borrowings used to finance working capital that had previously been supported on an interim basis by preferred stock proceeds. The cash, extracted preferred stock proceeds, long term borrowings and operating cash flow were used to fund our $2.8 billion investment in CF Nitrogen that was consummated on February 1, 2016. Our current ratio, defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, was   1.1   and   1.5   as of   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  As of   August 31, 2016   we had cash and cash equivalents of   $279.3 million  , total equities of   $7.9 billion  , long-term debt of   $2.3 billion   and notes payable of   $2.7 billion  . Our capital allocation priorities include maintaining our assets, paying our dividends, returning cash to our member-owners in the form of patronage refunds, paying down debt and taking advantage of strategic opportunities that benefit our owners. Our primary sources of cash in fiscal   2016   were net cash flows from operations and proceeds from revolving lines of credit and long-term borrowings. The primary uses of cash during that period were payments on indebtedness, our investment in CF Nitrogen, capital expenditures, the distribution of patronage refunds and preferred stock dividends. We believe that cash generated by operating activities, along with available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, will be sufficient to support our operations for the next 12 months. 
    
  We expect to utilize cash and cash equivalents, along with cash generated by operating activities to fund our fiscal 2017 capital expenditures. For fiscal   2017  , we expect total capital expenditures to be approximately   $632.0 million  , compared  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

to capital expenditures of $712.4 million in fiscal 2016. Included in that amount for fiscal 2017 is approximately   $262.0 million   for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and major repairs at our Laurel, Montana and McPherson, Kansas refineries. In fiscal 2016, we completed the remainder of a multi-year project to replace a coker at our McPherson, Kansas refinery with a total cost of   $583.5 million  . We incurred   $44.7 million  ,   $167.4 million   and   $186.8 million   of costs related to the coker project during the years ended August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We also began a   $368.5 million   expansion at our McPherson, Kansas refinery during the year ended August 31, 2013, which is anticipated to be completed in early fiscal 2017. We incurred   $49.2 million  ,   $159.2 million   and   $128.3 million   of costs related to the expansion during the years ended August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
  On February 1, 2016, we invested $2.8 billion in CF Nitrogen, commencing our strategic venture with CF Industries Holdings, Inc. ("CF Industries"). The investment consists of an 11.4% membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen; and an associated 80-year supply agreement that entitles us to purchase up to 1.1 million tons of granular urea and 580,000 tons of urea ammonium nitrate annually from CF Nitrogen for ratable delivery. The investment was financed through operating cash flow, the issuance of long-term debt and available cash. 
    
  On July 22, 2016, an existing securitization facility ( Securitization Facility  or  the Facility ) with CHS Capital was increased to $850 million to provide us the option to fund through securitization certain of our accounts receivable. The Facility is with two financial institutions, with one acting as administrative agent, and various conduit purchasers, committed purchasers, and purchase agents (collectively the  Co-Purchasers ). The Securitization Facility in total provides funding of up to $850 million against certain CHS Capital loans receivable, accounts receivable, and certain related property sold into the securitization facility. The increased Securitization Facility provides to us the option for an additional source of liquidity, thereby increasing our financial flexibility. The amount of funding outstanding against our securitized accounts receivable at August 31, 2016 was $143 million. 
    
  In September 2015, we amended and restated our primary committed line of credit, which is a   $3.0 billion   five-year, unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndication of domestic and international banks that expires in September 2020. Our inventories and receivables financed with them are highly liquid. The outstanding balance on this facility was   $700.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016  . There was no outstanding balance on the predecessor facility as of August 31, 2015. Amounts borrowed under this facility primarily bear interest at base rates (or London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR")) plus applicable margins ranging from   0.00%   to   1.45%  .  
    
  In December 2015, we entered into   three   bilateral, uncommitted revolving credit facilities with an aggregate capacity of   $1.3 billion  . As of   August 31, 2016  , the aggregate capacity is   $600 million  . Amounts borrowed under these short-term lines are used to fund our working capital and bear interest at base rates (or London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR")) plus applicable margins ranging from   0.25%   to   1.00%  . As of   August 31, 2016  , outstanding bilateral borrowings were   $300.0 million  .  
    
  We believe our current cash balances and our available capacity on our committed lines of credit will provide adequate liquidity to meet our working capital needs. 
    
  In addition, our wholly-owned subsidiary, CHS Capital, makes seasonal and term loans to member cooperatives, businesses and individual producers of agricultural products included in our cash flows from investing activities, and has its own financing sources as explained in further detail below under  Cash Flows from Financing Activities.  
    
  Cash Flows from Operations 
    
  Cash flows from operations are generally affected by commodity prices and the seasonality of our businesses. These commodity prices are influenced by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, crop conditions, drought, the availability and the adequacy of supply and transportation, government regulations and policies, world events, and general political and economic conditions. These factors are described in the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements found in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may affect net operating assets and liabilities, and liquidity. 
    
  Cash flows provided by operating activities were   $1.3 billion  ,   $570.0 million   and   $1.4 billion   for the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , respectively. The fluctuation in cash flows between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 is primarily the result of significant inflows of cash related to net changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended August 31, 2016 compared to the overall cash uses associated with net changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year ended August 31, 2015. In fiscal 2016 we began actively managing our cash conversion cycle focusing on accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable days outstanding. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Our operating activities provided net cash of   $1.3 billion   during the year ended   August 31, 2016  . The cash provided by operating activities resulted from net income of   $424.0 million  , net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments of   $507.6 million   and an increase in cash flows due to changes in net operating assets and liabilities of   $332.0 million  . The primary components of net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments include depreciation and amortization, including amortization of major repair costs, of   $521.0 million  , partially offset by a gain of   $60.9 million   on our crack spread contingent consideration liability. The increase in cash flows from changes in net operating assets and liabilities was caused primarily by decreases in inventories and other current assets, partially offset by decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities. These decreases were primarily driven by decreases in commodity prices on August 31, 2016, when compared to August 31, 2015 and decreases in fertilizer volumes on hand (34% decrease primarily due to increased direct ship sales). On   August 31, 2016  , the per bushel market prices of two of our primary grain commodities, corn and spring wheat, decreased by $0.90 (23%) and $0.11 (2%), respectively, when compared to the spot prices on August 31, 2015. The per bushel market price of our third primary commodity, soybeans, increased by $0.63 (7%) when compared to the spot price on August 31, 2015. In general, crude oil market prices decreased $4.50 per barrel (9%) on August 31, 2016 when compared to August 31, 2015. Comparing the same periods, fertilizer commodity prices affecting our wholesale crop nutrients and country operations retail businesses reflected decreases of up to 34%, depending on the specific products, compared to prices on August 31, 2015.  
    
  Our operating activities provided net cash of $570.0 million during the year ended August 31, 2015. The cash provided by operating activities resulted from net income of $780.3 million and net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments of $453.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in cash flows due to changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $663.3 million. The primary components of net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments include depreciation and amortization, including amortization of major repair costs, of $401.4 million and long-lived asset impairment charges of $103.7 million, partially offset by a gain of $36.3 million on our crack spread contingent consideration liability and net equity investment activity of $26.9 million. The decrease in cash flows from changes in net operating assets and liabilities was caused primarily by decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and customer advance payments, partially offset by decreases in receivables and inventories. These decreases were driven by decreases in commodity prices on August 31, 2015, when compared to August 31, 2014. On August 31, 2015, the per bushel market prices of two of our primary grain commodities, soybeans and spring wheat, decreased by $1.92 (18%) and $1.19 (19%), respectively, when compared to the spot prices on August 31, 2014. The per bushel market price of our third primary commodity, corn, increased by $0.33 (9%) when compared to the spot price on August 31, 2014. In general, crude oil market prices decreased $47 per barrel (49%) on August 31, 2015 when compared to August 31, 2014. Comparing the same periods, fertilizer commodity prices affecting our wholesale crop nutrients and country operations retail businesses reflected decreases of up to 26%, depending on the specific products, compared to prices on August 31, 2014. In addition, slight increases in grain inventory quantities on August 31, 2015 compared to the prior year partially offset the impact that lower grain commodity prices had on net operating assets and liabilities on August 31, 2015.   
    
  Our operating activities provided net cash of $1.4 billion during the year ended August 31, 2014. Net income of $1.1 billion, net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments of $243.9 million and an increase in cash flows due to changes in net operating assets and liabilities of $114.3 million contributed to the net cash provided by operating activities. The primary components of net non-cash expenses and cash distributions from equity investments included depreciation and amortization, including amortization of major repair costs, of $351.3 million, partially offset by gains on the sale of investments of $114.2 million, primarily due to a $109.2 million gain associated with the contribution of our Horizon Milling assets to the newly formed Ardent Mills joint venture. See Note 4,   Investments,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. The cash inflow resulting from the decrease in net operating assets and liabilities was caused primarily by a decrease in commodity prices on August 31, 2014, when compared to August 31, 2013. On August 31, 2014, the per bushel market prices of our primary grain commodities, corn, spring wheat, and soybeans, decreased by $1.23 (26%), $1.15 (16%), and $2.68 (19%), respectively, when compared to the spot prices on August 31, 2013. In general, crude oil market prices decreased $12 per barrel (11%) on August 31, 2014 when compared to August 31, 2013. On August 31, 2014, fertilizer commodity prices affecting our wholesale crop nutrients and country operations retail businesses reflected increases up to 29%, depending on the specific products, compared to prices on August 31, 2013. In addition, increased grain inventory quantities on August 31, 2014 compared to the prior year, partially offset the impact that lower grain commodity prices had on net operating assets and liabilities on August 31, 2014. 
    
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
    
  For the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , the net cash flows used in our investing activities totaled   $3.7 billion  ,   $1.9 billion   and   $1.3 billion  , respectively. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Total cash expenditures for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment totaled   $692.8 million  ,   $1.2 billion   and   $919.1 million   for the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , respectively. The significant decrease from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 was primarily related to our plan to reduce our capital investments allowing us to actively reduce our funded debt obligations. The significant increase from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 is primarily related to multi-year projects involving the replacement of a coker and expansion of capacity at our CHS McPherson refinery as discussed below. 
    
  Expenditures for major repairs related to our refinery turnarounds were   $19.6 million  ,   $201.7 million   and   $2.9 million   during the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , respectively. Refineries have planned major maintenance to overhaul, repair, inspect and replace process materials and equipment (referred to as "turnaround") which typically occur for a five-to-six week period every 2-4 years. Neither of our refineries at Laurel, Montana or McPherson, Kansas had significant turnarounds during fiscal 2016. Both refineries had turnarounds during fiscal 2015. Neither of the refineries has scheduled turnarounds for fiscal 2017. 
    
  Cash acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired, totaled   $11.9 million  ,   $305.2 million   and   $281.5 million   during the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , respectively. The fiscal 2016 activity included various businesses primarily in our Ag segment. The fiscal 2015 activity included our Patriot Renewable Fuels and Northstar Agri Industries acquisitions in our Ag segment. The fiscal 2014 acquisitions were related to our Illinois River Energy and Terral River operations. See Note 17,   Acquisitions  , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
    
  Investments in joint ventures and other entities during the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , totaled   $2.9 billion  ,   $64.3 million   and   $80.1 million  , respectively. The primary investment in fiscal 2016 was associated with our agreement with CF Industries to invest $2.8 billion in exchange for an 11.4% membership interest in CF Nitrogen. 
    
  Changes in notes receivable for the years ended August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 resulted in net decreases in cash flows of   $258.0 million  ,   $184.1 million   and   $184.1 million  , respectively. The primary cause of the decreases in cash flows during the three periods relates to increases in CHS Capital notes receivable.  
    
  Partially offsetting our cash expenditures for investing activities during the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , were proceeds from the sale of investments and redemption of investments. During fiscal 2016, we received proceeds from the sale of investments of   $39.2 million  . Proceeds from the redemption of investments for the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   were   $33.8 million  ,   $19.9 million   and   $138.5 million  , respectively. Included in the fiscal 2014 amount is   $121.2 million   of cash proceeds that were distributed to us as part of the formation of our Ardent Mills joint venture. Also partially offsetting our cash expenditures for investing activities during the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , were proceeds received from the disposal of property, plant and equipment of   $13.4 million  ,   $11.3 million   and   $11.7 million  , respectively. 
    
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
    
  For the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , our financing activities provided net cash of   $1.8 billion  ,   $153.8 million   and   $201.5 million  , respectively. 
    
  Working Capital Financing: 
    
  We finance our working capital needs through lines of credit with domestic and international banks. On August 31, 2016, we had a five-year, unsecured, revolving facility with a committed amount of $3.0 billion and   $700.0 million   outstanding. In addition, during the year ended August 31, 2016, we entered into   three   bilateral, uncommitted revolving credit facilities with an aggregate capacity of   $1.3 billion  . As of   August 31, 2016  , the aggregate capacity is $600.0 million with   $300.0 million   of outstanding borrowings under these facilities.  
    
  In addition to our primary revolving line of credit, we have a three-year $325.0 million committed revolving pre-export credit facility for CHS Agronegocio Industria e Comercio Ltda ("CHS Agronegocio"), our wholly-owned subsidiary, to provide financing for its working capital needs arising from its purchases and sales of grains, fertilizers and other agricultural products which expires in April 2019. As of   August 31, 2016  , the outstanding balance under this facility was   $260.0 million  . 
    
  As of August 31, 2016 our wholly-owned subsidiaries, CHS Europe S.a.r.l and CHS Agronegocio, had uncommitted lines of credit of   $290.1 million   outstanding. In addition, our other international subsidiaries had lines of credit totaling   $252.1 million   outstanding at August 31, 2016, of which   $27.7 million   was collateralized.  

31 

     Table of Contents  

On August 31, 2016 and 2015, we had total short-term indebtedness outstanding on these various facilities and other miscellaneous short-term notes payable totaling   $1.8 billion   and   $813.7 million  , respectively.  
    
  We have two commercial paper programs with an aggregate capacity of   $125.0 million  , with two banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. Terms of our credit facilities do not allow them to be used to pay principal under a commercial paper facility. On   August 31, 2016   and 2015, we had   no   commercial paper outstanding.  
    
  CHS Capital Financing: 
    
  Cofina Funding, LLC ("Cofina Funding"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CHS Capital, has available credit totaling   $850.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016  , under note purchase agreements with various purchasers and through the issuance of short-term notes payable. CHS Capital and CHS Inc. both sell eligible receivables they have originated to Cofina Funding, which are then pledged as collateral under the note purchase agreements. The notes payable issued by Cofina Funding bear interest at variable rates based on commercial paper with a weighted average rate of   1.40%   as of   August 31, 2016  . There were   $550.0 million   in borrowings by Cofina Funding utilizing the issuance of commercial paper under the note purchase agreements as of   August 31, 2016  . There were no borrowings under Cofina Funding through the issuance of commercial paper as of August 31, 2015. 
  CHS Capital has available credit under master participation agreements with numerous counterparties. Borrowings under these agreements are accounted for as secured borrowings and bear interest at variable rates ranging from   1.90%   to   2.50%   as of   August 31, 2016  . As of   August 31, 2016  , the total funding commitment under these agreements was   $116.9 million  , of which   $24.9 million   was borrowed. As of August 31, 2015, there were $35.9 million of secured borrowings under CHS Capital. 
  CHS Capital sells loan commitments it has originated to ProPartners Financial ("ProPartners") on a limited recourse basis. The total capacity for commitments under the ProPartners program is   $265.0 million  . The total outstanding commitments under the program totaled   $183.5 million   as of   August 31, 2016  , of which   $122.3 million   was borrowed under these commitments with an interest rate of   1.67%  . As of August 31, 2015, CHS Capital borrowings under the ProPartners program were $39.9 million. 
  CHS Capital borrows funds under short-term notes issued as part of a surplus funds program. Borrowings under this program are unsecured and bear interest at variable rates ranging from   0.10%   to   0.90%   as of   August 31, 2016  , and are due upon demand. Borrowings under these notes totaled   $231.2 million   as of   August 31, 2016  . As of August 31, 2015, borrowings under the surplus funds program were $275.8 million. 
    
  Long-term Debt Financing: 
    
  We use long-term debt agreements with various insurance companies and banks to finance certain of our long-term capital needs, primarily those related to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment. 
    
  On August 31, 2016, we had total long-term debt outstanding of approximately   $2.3 billion  , of which   $1.8 billion   was private placement debt, $345.4 million was bank financing,   $105.7 million   was obligations related to capital leases and $75.5 million was other notes and contracts payable. On August 31, 2015, we had total long-term debt outstanding of approximately   $1.4 billion  , of which   $75.0 million   was bank financing, $1.2 billion was private placement debt, $125.9 million was obligations related to capital leases and $44.9 million was other notes and contracts payable. Our long-term debt is unsecured; however, restrictive covenants under various agreements have requirements for maintenance of minimum consolidated net worth and other financial ratios. We were in compliance with all debt covenants and restrictions as of August 31, 2016. Long-term debt outstanding as of   August 31, 2016   has aggregate maturities, excluding fair value adjustments and capital leases, as follows: 

32 

     Table of Contents  

During the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   we borrowed $1.3 billion, $3.5 million and $1.4 million, respectively, on a long-term basis. During the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , we repaid long-term debt of $504.8 million, $170.7 million and $157.8 million, respectively, and we made principal payments on capital lease obligations of $35.0 million, $38.9 million, and $39.9 million, respectively.   
    
  Additional detail on our long-term borrowings and repayments is as follows: 
    
  In October 2002, we completed a private placement with several insurance companies for long-term debt in the amount of $175.0 million, which was layered into two series. The first series of $115.0 million had an interest rate of 4.96% and was due in equal semi-annual installments of approximately $8.8 million during the years 2007 through 2013. The second series of $60.0 million has an interest rate of 5.60% and is due in equal semi-annual installments of approximately $4.6 million during the years 2012 through 2018.  
    
  In March 2004, we entered into a note purchase and private shelf agreement with Prudential Capital Group. In April 2007, we amended our Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement with Prudential Investment Management, Inc. and several other participating insurance companies to expand the uncommitted facility from $70.0 million to $150.0 million. We borrowed $50.0 million under the shelf arrangement in February 2008, for which the aggregate long-term notes have an interest rate of 5.78% and are due in equal annual installments of $10.0 million during the years 2014 through 2018. In November 2010, we borrowed $100.0 million under the shelf arrangement, for which the aggregate long-term notes have an interest rate of 4.0% and are due in equal annual installments of $20.0 million during the years 2017 through 2021. 
    
  In September 2004, we completed a private placement with several insurance companies for long-term debt in the amount of $125.0 million with an interest rate of 5.25%. The debt was due in equal annual installments of $25.0 million during the years 2011 through 2015, and was fully repaid in fiscal 2015.  
    
  In October 2007, we completed a private placement with several insurance companies and banks for long-term debt in the amount of $400.0 million with an interest rate of 6.18%. Repayments are due in equal annual installments of $80.0 million during the years 2013 through 2017. 
    
  In December 2007, we established a ten-year long-term credit agreement through a syndication of cooperative banks in the amount of $150.0 million, with an interest rate of 5.59%. Repayments are due in equal semi-annual installments of $15.0 million each, from June 2013 through December 2018. 
    
  In June 2011, we completed a private placement with certain accredited investors for long-term debt in the amount of $500.0 million, which was layered into four series. The first series of $130.0 million has an interest rate of 4.08% and is due in June 2019. The second series of $160.0 million has an interest rate of 4.52% and is due in June 2021. The third series of $130.0 million has an interest rate of 4.67% and is due in June 2023. The fourth series of $80.0 million has an interest rate of 4.82% and is due in June 2026. Under the agreement, we may from time to time issue additional series of notes pursuant to the agreement, provided that the aggregate principal amount of all notes outstanding at any time may not exceed $1.5 billion. 
    
  In March 2013, we issued $100 million of notes with an interest rate of 4.71%, which mature in fiscal 2033, in a private placement to institutional investors. 
    
  In July 2013, we issued $80 million and $100 million of notes with interest rates of 3.85% and 3.80%, respectively, which mature in fiscal 2025, in two private placements to institutional investors. 
    
  In September of 2015, we amended all outstanding notes to conform their financial covenants to those of the amended and restated five-year, unsecured, revolving facility. In addition, the amended notes contain a provision such that if our ratio of consolidated funded debt to consolidated cash flow is greater than 3.0 to 1.0, the interest rate on all outstanding notes is increased by 0.25% until the ratio declines to 3.0 or less. 
    
  In September 2015, we entered into a   ten  -year term loan with a syndication of banks for up to $600.0 million. The full amount was drawn down in January 2016. Amounts drawn under this agreement that are subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Principal on the term loans is payable in full on September 4, 2025. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a base rate (or a LIBO rate) plus an applicable margin, or at a fixed rate of interest determined and quoted by the administrative agent under the agreement in its sole and absolute discretion from time to time. The applicable margin is based on our leverage ratio and ranges between   1.50%   and   2.00%   for LIBO rate loans and between   0.50%   and   1.00%   for base rate loans. As of   August 31, 2016  ,   $300.0 million   was outstanding under this agreement.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

In January 2016, we consummated a private placement of long-term notes in the aggregate principal amount of $680.0 million with certain accredited investors, which long-term notes are layered into six series. The first series of $152.0 million has an interest rate of 4.39% and is due in January 2023. The second series of $150.0 million has an interest rate of 4.58% and is due in January 2025. The third series of $58.0 million has an interest rate of 4.69% and is due in January 2027. The fourth series of $95.0 million has an interest rate of 4.74% and is due in January 2028. The fifth series of $100.0 million has an interest rate of 4.89% and is due in January 2031. The sixth series of $125.0 million has an interest rate of 5.40% and is due in January 2036.  
    
  In June 2016, we amended the ten-year term loan so that   $300.0 million   of the   $600.0 million   loan balance possesses a revolving feature, whereby we can pay down and re-advance an amount up to the referenced   $300.0 million  . The revolving feature matures on September 1, 2017, and the total funded loan balance on that day reverts to a non-revolving term loan. No other material changes were made to the original terms and conditions of the ten-year term loan. 
    
  Other Financing: 
    
  During the year ended August 31, 2016, we made a payment of $153.0 million related to our purchase of the CHS McPherson (formerly NCRA) noncontrolling interests. During the years ended August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2014, we made a payment of $66.0 million in each year related to our purchase of the noncontrolling interest. 
    
  During the year ended August 31, 2016, changes in checks and drafts outstanding resulted in an increase in cash flows of   $50.3 million  .     During the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, changes in checks and drafts outstanding resulted in a decrease in cash flows of   $43.4 million   and   $17.8 million  , respectively. 
    
  In accordance with our bylaws and by action of the Board of Directors, annual net earnings from patronage sources are distributed to consenting patrons following the close of each fiscal year. Patronage refunds are calculated based on amounts using financial statement earnings. The cash portion of the patronage distribution is determined annually by the Board of Directors, with the balance issued in the form of qualified and/or non-qualified capital equity certificates. Consenting patrons have agreed to take both the cash and qualified capital equity certificate portion allocated to them from our previous fiscal year s income into their taxable income; and as a result, we are allowed a deduction from our taxable income for both the cash distribution and the allocated qualified capital equity certificates, as long as the cash distribution is at least 20% of the total qualified patronage distribution. For the years ended August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2014, 10% of earnings from patronage business was added to our capital reserves and the remaining 90% was primarily distributed during the second fiscal quarters of the years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, totaling   $627.2 million   and   $821.5 million  , respectively. The cash portion of the qualified distributions was deemed by the Board of Directors to be 40% for fiscal 2015 and 2014. Cash related to these distributions was   $251.7 million   and   $271.2 million   and was paid during the years ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, respectively. During the year ended August 31, 2014, we distributed patronage refunds of   $841.1 million  , of which the cash portion was   $286.8 million  . 
    
  In accordance with our bylaws and by action of the Board of Directors, 10% of the earnings from patronage business for the year ended   August 31, 2016   was added to our capital reserves and the remaining 90%, or an estimated   $279.0 million  , will be distributed as patronage in fiscal   2017  , in the form of qualified equity certificates and cash. The cash portion of the qualified distribution, determined by the Board of Directors to be 40%, is expected to be approximately   $111.6 million   and is classified as a current liability on our   August 31, 2016   Consolidated Balance Sheet in dividends and equities payable. 
    
  Redemptions of capital equity certificates approved by the Board of Directors are divided into two pools, one for non-individuals (primarily member cooperatives) who may participate in an annual retirement program for qualified equities held by them and another for individual members who are eligible for equity redemptions at age   70   or upon death. Beginning with fiscal 2017 patronage (for which distributions will be made in fiscal 2018), individuals will also be able to participate in an annual retirement program similar to the one that was previously only available to non-individual members. In accordance with authorization from our Board of Directors, we expect total redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2016, that will be distributed in fiscal 2017, to be approximately $40.0 million. Additionally, we expect to redeem approximately $18.6 million of redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2015 earnings that are carried over from the previous year s authorization which had not been previously distributed. The redemptions will also be distributed in fiscal 2017 and are classified as a current liability on the   August 31, 2016   Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
    
  For the years ended   August 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014  , we redeemed in cash, qualified equities in accordance with authorization from the Board of Directors, in the amounts of   $23.9 million  ,   $128.9 million   and   $99.6 million  , respectively.  

34 

     Table of Contents  

In March 2016, we redeemed approximately   $76.8 million   of patrons' equities by issuing   2,693,195   shares of Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1 ("Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock"), with a total redemption value of   $67.3 million  , excluding accumulated dividends. Each share of Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock was issued in redemption of   $28.50   of patrons' equities in the form of capital equity certificates. Additionally, in fiscal 2014, we redeemed   $200.0 million   of patrons' equities by issuing   6,752,188   shares of our Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock, with each share being issued in redemption of   $29.62   of patrons' equities in the form of members' equity certificates. 
    
  We made dividend payments on our preferred stock of   $163.3 million  ,   $133.7 million  , and   $50.8 million  , during the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  See Note 9,   Equities,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of our outstanding preferred stock as of   August 31, 2016  , each series of which is listed on the Global Select Market of NASDAQ. 

Off Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
    
  Guarantees: 
    
  We are a guarantor for lines of credit and performance obligations of related, non-consolidated companies. Our bank covenants allow maximum guarantees of   $1.0 billion  , of which   $133.8 million   were outstanding on   August 31, 2016  . We have collateral for a portion of these contingent obligations. We have not recorded a liability related to the contingent obligations as we do not expect to pay out any cash related to them, and the fair values are considered immaterial. The underlying loans to the counterparties for which we provide guarantees were current as of   August 31, 2016  . 
    
  Operating leases: 
       
  Minimum future lease payments required under noncancelable operating leases as of   August 31, 2016   were   $304.8 million  . 
    
  Debt: 
    
  There is no material off balance sheet debt. 

Contractual Obligations 
    
  We had certain contractual obligations at   August 31, 2016  , which require the following payments to be made: 

_______________________________________ 
            (1)   
    Excludes fair value adjustments to the long-term debt reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at   August 31, 2016   resulting from fair value interest rate swaps and the related hedge accounting. 
      
   35 

     Table of Contents  

(3)   
    Future minimum lease payments under capital leases include amounts related to bargain purchase options and residual value guarantees, which represent economic obligations as opposed to contractual payment obligations. 
               (4)   
    Purchase obligations are legally binding and enforceable agreements to purchase goods or services that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and approximate time of the transactions. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into a significant number of forward purchase commitments for agricultural and energy commodities and the related freight. The purchase obligation amounts shown above include both short- and long-term obligations and are based on: a) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; and b) fixed or estimated prices to be paid at the time of settlement. Current estimates are based on assumptions about future market conditions that will exist at the time of settlement. Consequently, actual amounts paid under these contracts may differ due to the variable pricing provisions. Market risk related to the variability of our forward purchase commitments is economically hedged by offsetting forward sale contracts that are not included in the amounts above. 
               (5)   
    Based on estimated fair value at   August 31, 2016   and recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
               (6)   
    Other liabilities include the long-term portion of deferred compensation, deferred tax liabilities and contractual redemptions. Of the total other liabilities and deferred tax liabilities of   $842.2 million   on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at   August 31, 2016  , the timing of the payments of $735.2 million of such liabilities cannot be determined. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates as well as management s judgments and assumptions regarding matters that are subjective, uncertain or involve a high degree of complexity, all of which affect the results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, the following may involve a higher degree of estimates, judgments and complexity. 
    
  Inventory Valuation and Reserves 
    
  Grain, processed grain, oilseed and processed oilseed are stated at net realizable values which approximate market values. All other inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The costs of certain energy inventories (wholesale refined products, crude oil and asphalt) are determined on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method; all other inventories of non-grain products purchased for resale are valued on the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") and average cost methods. Estimates are used in determining the net realizable values of grain and oilseed and processed grains and oilseeds inventories. These estimates include the measurement of grain in bins and other storage facilities, which use formulas in addition to actual measurements taken to arrive at appropriate quantity. Other determinations made by management include quality of the inventory and estimates for freight. Grain shrink reserves and other reserves that account for spoilage also affect inventory valuations. If estimates regarding the valuation of inventories, or the adequacy of reserves, are less favorable than management s assumptions, then additional reserves or write-downs of inventories may be required. 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  We enter into exchange-traded commodity futures and options contracts to hedge our exposure to price fluctuations on energy, grain and oilseed transactions to the extent considered practicable for minimizing risk. Futures and options contracts used for hedging are purchased and sold through regulated commodity exchanges. We also use over-the-counter ("OTC") instruments to hedge our exposure on fixed-price contracts. Fluctuations in inventory valuations, however, may not be completely hedged, due in part to the absence of satisfactory hedging facilities for certain commodities and geographical areas and, in part, to our assessment of our exposure from expected price fluctuations. We also manage our risks by entering into fixed-price purchase contracts with preapproved producers and establishing appropriate limits for individual suppliers. Fixed-price sales contracts are entered into with customers of acceptable creditworthiness, as internally evaluated. The fair values of futures and options contracts are determined primarily from quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges. Fixed-price purchase and sales contracts are with various counterparties, and the fair values of such contracts are determined from the market price of the underlying product. We are exposed to loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the contracts and, therefore, contract values are reviewed and adjusted to reflect potential nonperformance. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty s financial condition and also the risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform on a contract during periods of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different than the current market prices. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
    
  Pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, benefits earned, interest costs, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates and other factors. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect recognized expenses and the recorded obligations in future periods. While our management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and future expenses. 
    
  Deferred Tax Assets and Uncertain Tax Positions 
    
  We assess whether a valuation allowance is necessary to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. While we have considered future taxable income, as well as other factors, in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event that we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all, or part of, our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to our deferred tax assets would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. We are also significantly impacted by the utilization of tax credits, some of which were passed to us from CHS McPherson (formerly known as NCRA), related to refinery upgrades that enable us to produce ultra-low sulfur fuels. Our tax credit carryforwards are available to offset future federal and state tax liabilities with the tax credits becoming unavailable to us if not used by their expiration date. Our net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes are available to offset future taxable income. If our loss carryforwards are not used, these loss carryforwards will expire.  
    
  Tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our financial statements if it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by a tax authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The benefits are measured using a cumulative probability approach. Under this approach, we record in our financial statements the greatest amount of tax benefits that have a more than 50% probability of being realized upon final settlement with the tax authorities. In determining these tax benefits, we assign probabilities to a range of outcomes that we feel we could ultimately settle on with the tax authorities using all relevant facts and information available at the reporting date. Due to the complexity of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a benefit that is materially different than our current estimate. 
    
  Long-Lived Assets 
    
  Property, plant and equipment is depreciated or amortized over the expected useful lives of individual or groups of assets based on the straight-line method. Economic circumstances, or other factors, may cause management s estimates of expected useful lives to differ from actual. 
    
  All long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and other identifiable intangibles, are evaluated for impairment in accordance with U.S. GAAP, at least annually for goodwill, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable. For goodwill, our annual impairment testing occurs in our third quarter. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair value based on the best information available. Fair value is generally measured by discounting estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows and may differ from actual. 
    
  We have asset retirement obligations with respect to certain of our refineries and other assets due to various legal obligations to clean and/or dispose of the component parts at the time they are retired. In most cases, these assets can be used for extended and indeterminate periods of time, as long as they are properly maintained and/or upgraded. It is our practice and current intent to maintain refineries and related assets and to continue making improvements to those assets based on technological advances. As a result, we believe our refineries and related assets have indeterminate lives for purposes of estimating asset retirement obligations because dates or ranges of dates upon which we would retire a refinery and related assets cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. When a date or range of dates can reasonably be estimated for the retirement of any component part of a refinery or other asset, we will estimate the cost of performing the retirement activities and record a liability for the fair value of that future cost. 
    
  We have other assets that we may be obligated to dismantle at the end of corresponding lease terms subject to lessor discretion for which we have recorded asset retirement obligations. Based on our estimates of the timing, cost and probability of removal, these obligations are not material. 

37 

Table of Contents  

Effect of Inflation and Foreign Currency Transactions 
    
  We believe that inflation and foreign currency fluctuations have not had a significant effect on our operations during the three years ended   August 31, 2016   since we conduct a significant portion of our business in U.S. dollars. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 1,   Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies,   of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information concerning new accounting standards and the impact of the implementation of those standards on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  COMMODITY PRICE RISK 
    
    When we enter into a commodity purchase or sales commitment, we incur risks related to price changes and performance including delivery, quality, quantity and shipment period. In the event that market prices decrease, we are exposed to risk of loss in the market value of inventory and purchase contracts with a fixed or partially fixed price. Conversely, we are exposed to risk of loss on our fixed or partially fixed price sales contracts in the event that market prices increase. 
    
  Our use of hedging reduces the exposure to price volatility by protecting against adverse short-term price movements, but it also limits the benefits of favorable short-term price movements. To reduce the price risk associated with fixed price commitments, we generally enter into commodity derivative contracts, to the extent practical, to achieve a net commodity position within the formal position limits we have established and deemed prudent for each commodity. These contracts are primarily transacted on regulated commodity futures exchanges but may also include over-the-counter derivative instruments when deemed appropriate. For commodities where there is no liquid derivative contract, risk is managed through the use of forward sales contracts, other pricing arrangements and, to some extent, futures contracts in highly correlated commodities. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk, but are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The contracts are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair values based on quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges or the market prices of the underlying products listed on the exchanges, except that fertilizer and propane contracts are accounted for as normal purchase and normal sales transactions. Unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
  When a futures position is established, initial margin must be deposited with the applicable exchange or broker. The amount of margin required varies by commodity and is set by the applicable exchange at its sole discretion. If the market price relative to a short futures position increases, an additional margin deposit would be required. Similarly, a margin deposit would be required if the market price relative to a long futures position decreases. Conversely, if the market price increases relative to a long futures position or decreases relative to a short futures position, margin deposits may be returned by the applicable exchange or broker. 
  Our policy is to manage our commodity price risk exposure according to internal polices and in alignment with our tolerance for risk. Our profitability from operations is primarily derived from margins on products sold and grain merchandised, not from hedging transactions. At any one time, inventory and purchase contracts for delivery to us may be substantial. We have risk management policies and procedures that include established net position limits. These limits are defined for each commodity and business unit, and may include both trader and management limits as appropriate. The limits policy is overseen at a high level by our corporate compliance team, with day to day monitoring procedures managed within each individual business unit to ensure any limits overage is explained and exposures reduced or a temporary limit increase is established if needed. The position limits are reviewed, at least annually, with senior leadership and the Board of Directors. We monitor current market conditions and may expand or reduce our net position limits or procedures in response to changes in those conditions. In addition, all purchase and sales contracts are subject to credit approvals and appropriate terms and conditions. 
  The use of hedging instruments does not protect against nonperformance by counterparties to cash contracts. We evaluate counterparty exposure by reviewing contracts and adjusting the values to reflect potential nonperformance. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty s financial condition and the risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform on a contract during periods of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different than the current market prices. We manage these risks by entering into fixed price purchase and sales contracts with preapproved producers and by establishing appropriate limits for individual suppliers. Fixed price contracts are entered into with customers of acceptable creditworthiness, as internally evaluated. Regarding our use of derivatives, we primarily transact in exchange traded instruments or enter into over-the-counter derivatives that clear through a designated  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

clearing organization, which limits our counterparty exposure relative to hedging activities. Historically, we have not experienced significant events of nonperformance on open contracts. Accordingly, we only adjust the estimated fair values of specifically identified contracts for nonperformance. Although we have established policies and procedures, we make no assurances that historical nonperformance experience will carry forward to future periods.  
  A 10% adverse change in market prices would not materially affect our results of operations, since we use commodity and freight futures and forward contracts as economic hedges of price risk, and since our operations have effective economic hedging requirements as a general business practice. 
    
  INTEREST RATE RISK 
    
  Debt used to finance inventories and receivables is represented by short-term notes payable, so that our blended interest rate for all such notes approximates current market rates. We have outstanding interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $420.0 million   designated as fair value hedges of portions of our fixed-rate debt. Our objective is to offset changes in the fair value of the debt associated with the risk of variability in the 3-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR interest rate, in essence converting the fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt. Offsetting changes in the fair values of both the swap instruments and the hedged debt are recorded contemporaneously each period and only create an impact to earnings to the extent that the hedge is ineffective. During fiscal 2016, we recorded offsetting fair value adjustments of   $9.8 million  , with no ineffectiveness recorded in earnings.  
  In fiscal 2015, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $300.0 million   designated as cash flow hedges of the expected variability of future interest payments on our anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we determined that certain of the anticipated debt issuances would be delayed; and we consequently recorded an immaterial amount of losses on the ineffective portion of the related swaps in earnings. Additionally, we paid   $6.4 million   in cash to settle   two   of the interest rate swaps upon their scheduled termination dates. During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we settled an additional   two   interest rate swaps, paying   $5.3 million   in cash upon their scheduled termination. In January 2016, we issued the fixed-rate debt associated with these swaps and will amortize the amounts which were previously deferred to other comprehensive income into earnings over the life of the debt. The amounts to be included in earnings are not expected to be material during any 12-month period. During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we settled the remaining   two   interest rate swaps, paying   $5.1 million   in cash upon their scheduled termination. We did not issue additional fixed-rate debt as previously planned, and we reclassified all amounts previously recorded to other comprehensive income into earnings.  

39 

     Table of Contents  

The table below provides information about our outstanding debt and derivative financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the table presents scheduled contractual principal payments and related weighted average interest rates for the fiscal years presented. For interest rate swaps, the table presents notional amounts for payments to be exchanged by expected contractual maturity dates for the fiscal years presented and interest rates noted in the table. 

_______________________________________ 
            (a)   
    Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a base rate (or a LIBO rate) plus an applicable margin, or at a fixed rate of interest determined and quoted by the administrative agent under the agreement in its sole and absolute discretion from time to time. The applicable margin is based on our leverage ratio and ranges between   1.50%   and   2.00%   for LIBO rate loans and between   0.50%   and   1.00%   for base rate loans. 
         
  FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 
    
  We were exposed to risk regarding foreign currency fluctuations during fiscal 2016 and in prior years even though a substantial amount of international sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. In addition to specific transactional exposure, foreign currency fluctuations can impact the ability of foreign buyers to purchase U.S. agricultural products and the competitiveness of U.S. agricultural products compared to the same products offered by alternative sources of world supply. From time to time, we enter into foreign currency hedge contracts to minimize the impact of currency fluctuations on our transactional exposures. The notional amounts of our foreign exchange derivative contracts were   $802.2 million   and   $1.3 billion   as of   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , respectively. 

40 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 8.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
  The financial statements listed in Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth beginning on page F-1. Financial statement schedules are included in Schedule II in Item 15(a)(2) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Supplementary financial information required by Item 302 of Regulation S-K for each quarter during the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   is presented below.  

ITEM 9.      CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
    
  None. 

ITEM 9A.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
    
  Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of   August 31, 2016  , the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of   August 31, 2016  . 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
    
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and our dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition and use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   August 31, 2016  . In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management s assessment using this framework, management concluded that, as of   August 31, 2016  , our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Financial Reform Bill passed in July 2010 that permits us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
    
  We are in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system. The new ERP system is expected to take several years to fully implement, and has and will continue to require significant capital and human resources to deploy. The implementation of the new ERP system will affect the processes that constitute our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and management has taken steps to ensure that appropriate controls are designed and implemented as each functional area of the new ERP system is enacted. 
    
  Other than as described above, during our fourth fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.      OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

PART III. 

ITEM 10.      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
    
  The table below provides certain information regarding each of our directors, as of   August 31, 2016  . 

The qualifications for our Board of Directors are listed below under  Director Elections and Voting.  In general, our directors operate large commercial agricultural enterprises requiring expertise in all areas of management, including financial oversight. They also have experience in serving on local cooperative association boards, and participate in a variety of agricultural and community organizations. Our directors complete the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course, and earn the Certificate of Director Education. 
    
    Donald Anthony, assistant secretary-treasurer,   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. Since 2015, Mr. Anthony has served as assistant secretary-treasurer of the Executive Committee of the Board. He chairs the Corporate Risk Committee. He serves as director of Country Partners Cooperative. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural economics from the University of Nebraska. Mr. Anthony s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises corn, soybeans and alfalfa near Lexington, Nebraska.  
    
    Robert Bass   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 1994. He serves on the Governance and Government Relations committees. He serves as vice president of Reedsburg Area Medical Center. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural education from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. Mr. Bass  principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he is a partner in a family farm operation near Reedsburg, Wisconsin. 
    
    David Bielenberg, chairman,   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2009. He previously served on the Board from 2002 to 2006. Since 2012, he has served as chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board. He serves as chairman of the East Valley Water District. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural engineering from Oregon State University and is a graduate of Texas A   M University's executive program for agricultural producers. Mr. Bielenberg s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he operates a diverse agricultural business near Silverton, Oregon, including seed crops, vegetables, soft white wheat, greenhouse plant production and timberland.  
    
    Clinton J. Blew   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2010. He chairs the Government Relations Committee and serves on the Corporate Risk Committee. He is chairman of the Mid Kansas Coop (MKC), Moundridge, Kansas, and is a member of the Hutchinson Community College Ag Advisory Board, the Kansas Livestock Association, Texas  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

Cattle Feeder s Association and Red Angus Association of America. He holds an applied science degree in farm and ranch management from Hutchinson Community College. Mr. Blew s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years and he farms in a family partnership near Hutchinson, Kansas that includes irrigated corn and soybeans, dry land wheat, milo and soybeans, and a commercial cow/calf business.  
    
    Dennis Carlson   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2001. He serves on the Capital and Government Relations committees. Mr. Carlson s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises wheat, sunflowers and soybeans near Mandan, North Dakota.  
    
    Curt Eischens, second vice chairman,   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 1990. Since 2015, Mr. Eischens has served as second vice chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board. He serves as chairman of the Capital Committee. Mr. Eischen serves as chairman for Cooperative Network, director of Ralph Morris Foundation and is a member of the Minnesota Soybean Association, Minnesota Corn Growers Association, Minnesota Farmers Union, Minnesota FFA Alumni Association (life member) and the National FFA Alumni. Mr. Eischens  principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he operates a corn and soybean farm near Minneota, Minnesota.  
    
    Jon Erickson   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2011. He serves on the Corporate Risk and Government Relations committees. He is a member of the North Dakota Farmers Union and the North Dakota Stockman s Association. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University. Mr. Erickson s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises grains and oilseeds and operates a commercial Hereford/Angus cow-calf business near Minot, North Dakota.  
    
    Steve Fritel, first vice chairman   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2003. Since 2015, Mr. Fritel has served as first vice chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board. He serves as chairman of the Governance Committee. He earned an associate s degree from North Dakota State College of Science. Mr. Fritel s principal occupation has been farming for the more than five years. He raises spring wheat, barley, soybeans, edible beans, corn and confectionary sunflowers near Rugby, North Dakota. He also runs a family business dealing with the sale of farm grain storage and related equipment.  
    
    Alan Holm   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2013. He serves as a member of the Corporate Risk and Government Relations committees. Mr. Holm holds an associate s degree in machine tool technology from Mankato Technical College. Mr. Holm's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises corn, soybeans, sweet corn, peas and hay and also has a cow-calf herd near Sleepy Eye, Minnesota.  
    
    David Johnsrud   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2012. He serves as a member of the Governance and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment Committees. He serves as a member of the board for the Cooperative Network. Mr. Johnsrud s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises corn and soybeans near Starbuck, Minnesota. 
    
    David Kayser   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. He chairs the CHS Foundation Finance and Investment Committee. He also serves on the Audit Committee. Mr. Kayser is a member of Mitchell Technical Institute Foundation Board. Mr. Kayser s principal occupation has been farming for the more than five years, and he raises corn, soybeans and hay near Alexandria, South Dakota, and operates a cow-calf and feeder-calf business.  
    
    Randy Knecht   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2001. He serves on the Government Relations and Capital committees. He holds a bachelor s degree in agriculture from South Dakota State University. Mr. Knecht s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he operates a diversified family farm operation near Houghton, South Dakota, raising corn, soybeans, alfalfa and beef cattle.  
    
    Greg Kruger   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2008. He serves on the Audit and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. Mr. Kruger s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he operates a family dairy, hog and crop enterprise near Eleva, Wisconsin.  
    
    Edward Malesich   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2011. He serves on the Capital and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. He serves as member of Montana Stock Growers Association, Montana Grain Growers Association, Farm Bureau, Montana Farmers Union and Montana Council of Co-ops. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural production from Montana State University. Mr. Malesich s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises Angus cattle, wheat, malt barley and hay near Dillon, Montana.  

44 

     Table of Contents  

Perry Meyer   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2014. He serves on the Audit and CHS Foundation Finance and Investment committees. He serves as director of Heartland Corn Products Cooperative and is a member of United Farmers Co-op, South Central Grain and Energy, River Region Co-op, Minnesota Farm Bureau, Minnesota and Nicollet County corn growers associations, and Minnesota Pork Producers Association. He serves as president of Steamboat Pork Cooperative, chairman of NU-Telecom Board and director of Minnesota Valley Lutheran School Foundation. He holds an agricultural mechanics degree from Alexandria (Minnesota) Technical School. Mr. Meyer s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he operates a family farm raising corn, soybean and hogs near New Ulm, Minnesota.   
    
  Steve Riegel   has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. He serves on the Governance and Government Relations committees. He serves as advisory director of Bucklin (Kansas) National Bank. He attended Fort Hays (Kansas) State University, majoring in agriculture, business and animal science. Mr. Riegel s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises irrigated corn, soybeans, alfalfa, dryland wheat and milo near Ford, Kansas.  
    
    Daniel Schurr, secretary-treasurer  , has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. Since 2012, Mr. Schurr has served as secretary-treasurer of the Executive Committee of the Board. He serves as chairman of the Audit Committee. He serves on the Blackhawk Bank and Trust board and audit and loan committees and is chairman of the Silos and Smokestacks National Heritage Area. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural business with a minor in economics from Iowa State University. Mr. Schurr s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises corn and soybeans near LeClaire, Iowa, and also operates a commercial trucking business.  
    
  Director Elections and Voting 
    
  Director elections are for three-year terms and are open to any qualified candidate. The qualifications for the office of director are as follows: 
             
    At the time of declaration of candidacy, the individual (except in the case of an incumbent) must have the written endorsement of a locally elected producer board that is part of the CHS system and located within the region from which the individual is to be a candidate. 
                
    At the time of the election, the individual must be less than 68 years old. 
       
  The remaining qualifications set forth below must be met at all times commencing six months prior to the time of election and while the individual holds office: 
             
    The individual must be a member of CHS or a member of a Cooperative Association Member. 
                
    The individual must reside in the region from which he or she is to be elected. 
                
    The individual must be an active farmer or rancher.  Active farmer or rancher  means an individual whose primary occupation is that of a farmer or rancher, excluding anyone who is an employee of ours or of a Cooperative Association Member. 
       
  The following positions on the Board of Directors will be up for re-election at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Members: 
                 Region 
    Current Incumbent 
      Region 1 (Minnesota) 
    Alan Holm 
      Region 3 (North Dakota) 
    Dennis Carlson 
      Region 4 (South Dakota) 
    Randy Knecht 
      Region 5 (Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin) 
    Robert Bass 
      Region 8 (Colorado, Nebraska, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas) 
    Steve Riegel 

_______________________________________ 
    
  Voting rights, including those in regard to director elections, arise by virtue of membership in CHS, not because of ownership of any equity or debt instruments; therefore, our preferred stockholders cannot recommend nominees to our Board of Directors nor vote in regard to director elections unless they are members of CHS. 

45 

Table of Contents  

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
    
  The table below lists our executive officers as appointed by the CHS Board of Directors. 
                     Name 
    Age 
    Position 
      Carl Casale 
    55 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
      Shirley Cunningham 
    56 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy 
      Jay Debertin 
    56 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy and Foods 
      Lynden Johnson 
    56 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Country Operations 
      Timothy Skidmore 
    55 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      James Zappa 
    52 
      
    Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
      Lisa Zell 
    48 
      
    Executive Vice President, Business Solutions 

Carl Casale   has been President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CHS since January 2011. He serves on the boards of Ventura Foods, LLC; Ecolab Inc.; National Council of Farmer Cooperatives; Minnesota Business Partnership; and the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research. Prior to joining CHS, he spent 26 years with Monsanto Company, beginning his career as a sales representative in eastern Washington and advancing through sales, strategy, marketing and technology-related positions before being named Chief Financial Officer in 2009. He holds a bachelor s degree in agricultural economics from Oregon State University and an executive Master of Business Administration from Washington University, St. Louis, Missouri. He operates a family-owned blueberry farm near Aurora, Oregon. 
    
    Shirley Cunningham   has been Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer - Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy of CHS since September 2014. She leads the aligned Ag Business platform, consisting of its International and North America Grain Marketing and Agronomy operations, and enterprise strategy functions, including information technology, human resources, planning and strategy. Ms. Cunningham serves on the boards of Ventura Foods, LLC, Ardent Mills, LLC and TEMCO, LLC. She joined CHS in 2013 as Executive Vice President, Enterprise Strategy, before expanding her role in 2014. She previously served as Chief Information Officer for Monsanto Company. She holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Washington University, St. Louis, Missouri. 
    
    Jay Debertin   has been     Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - Energy and Foods, for CHS since 2011. He leads CHS energy operations, including refineries, pipelines and terminals, refined fuels, propane, lubricants and transportation and processing and food ingredients. Mr. Debertin serves as chairman for Ventura Foods, LLC. He joined CHS in 1984 in the petroleum division and held a variety of positions in its energy marketing operations before being named Vice President, Crude Oil Supply, in 1998. In 2001, his responsibilities included raw material supply, refining, pipelines and terminals, trading and risk management, and transportation.     From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Debertin was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Processing at CHS. He earned a bachelor s degree in economics from the University of North Dakota and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
    
    Lynden Johnson   has been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - Country Operations for CHS since January 2016. From September 2014 to December 2015, he was Executive Vice President, Country Operations. He is responsible for the division delivering agricultural inputs, energy products, grain marketing, animal nutrition, sunflower processing and other farm supplies to producers through retail businesses in 16 states and Canada. Mr. Johnson serves as a director for the CHS Pension Plan. Prior to his current role, Mr. Johnson was responsible for Business Solutions operations including board planning and administration, Corporate Citizenship and the CHS Foundation, and CHS Aligned Solutions, along with CHS Insurance, CHS Hedging, and CHS Capital subsidiaries. He served as the Vice President of Business Solutions Consulting in 2008 and previously held the position of Vice President, Member Services. Prior to joining CHS, he had a career managing cooperatives in North Dakota and Minnesota for 23 years. He holds a bachelor's degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University. 
    
    Timothy Skidmore   has been     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since joining CHS in August 2013. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, patron equity, treasury, strategic sourcing and insurance risk management. Mr. Skidmore serves as a trustee for the Science Museum of Minnesota, where he serves on the Audit and Finance Committee. He is also a director on the Finance 50 and CHS Pension Plan boards. Before joining CHS, he served as Vice President of finance and strategy for Campbell North America. He joined Campbell as assistant treasurer in 2001 and held numerous leadership  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

positions in finance including leading the cash management, corporate finance and international treasury functions. He served in various business unit chief financial officer roles within Campbell. Prior to that, Mr. Skidmore spent 15 years at DuPont Co., holding a variety of financial leadership positions. He holds a bachelor's degree in risk management from the University of Georgia, and a Master of Business Administration degree in finance from Widener University, Chester, Pennsylvania. 
    
    James Zappa   has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel for CHS since April 2015. He provides counsel to CHS leadership and the Board of Directors on company strategy, corporate governance and compliance. He works with the corporate finance team to support Securities and Exchange Commission reporting and compliance, disclosure and investor communications. Mr. Zappa serves as director for Boy Scouts of America, Northern Star Council. He previously worked at 3M in various roles including Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer; Vice President, Associate General Counsel, International Operations; counsel to the 3M Board s Compensation Committee; Assistant General Counsel for consumer office business and human resources; and Counsel and Assistant General Counsel for labor and employment law. Prior to joining 3M, he worked for UnitedHealth Group and for the law firm Dorsey   Whitney. He earned a juris doctor degree from the University of Minnesota Law School, a master s degree in communication arts and sciences from the University of Southern California, and a bachelor s degree from Drake University. 
    
  Lisa Zell   has been Executive Vice President - Business Solutions for CHS since September 2014. She is responsible for leading programs and products that support cooperatives, agribusinesses and producers offered through CHS Aligned Solutions, CHS Capital, CHS Hedging, CHS Insurance, and Communications and Public Affairs. Ms. Zell serves as chairperson of CHS Hedging, CHS Insurance, and CHS Capital. After joining CHS in 1999 as Senior Attorney, Ms. Zell was named Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2011 and Executive Vice President and General Counsel in January 2012. Ms. Zell held a federal clerkship with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and spent several years in private practice. She holds a bachelor s degree from St. Cloud (Minnesota) State University and juris doctor law degree from Drake University. 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 
    
    Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of any class of our preferred stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission). Such executive officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners are required by the regulations of the Commission to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 
    
  Based solely upon a review of copies of reports on Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to us during, and reports on Form 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us with respect to, the fiscal year ended   August 31, 2016  , and based further upon written representations received by us with respect to the need to file reports on Form 5, no individuals filed late reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

CODE OF ETHICS 
    
  We have adopted a code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Commission. This code of ethics applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics is part of our broader CHS Global Code of Conduct Policy, which is posted on our website. The Internet address for our website is http://www.chsinc.com and the CHS Global Code of Conduct Policy may be found on the "Compliance" web page, which can be accessed from the "Governance   Compliance" web page, which can be accessed from the "Our Company" web page, which can be accessed from our main web page. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer on the "Compliance" web page of our website. The information contained on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated in, this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the Commission.  

AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 
    
  The Board of Directors has a separately designated standing Audit Committee for the purpose of overseeing our accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of our financial statements. The Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Kayser, Mr. Kruger, Mr. Meyer and Mr. Schurr (Chairman), each of whom is an independent director. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility to our owners relating to our financial statements and the financial reporting process, preparation of the financial reports and other financial information provided by us to any governmental or regulatory body, the systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the internal audit function and the annual independent audit of our financial statements. The  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Audit Committee assures that the corporate information gathering and reporting systems developed by management represent a good faith attempt to provide senior management and the Board of Directors with information regarding material acts, events and conditions within CHS. In addition, the Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm. 
    
  We do not believe that any member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is an "audit committee financial expert  as defined in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations thereunder. As a cooperative, our 17-member Board of Directors is nominated and elected by our members. To ensure geographic representation of our members, the Board of Directors represents eight regions in which our members are located. The members in each region nominate and elect the number of directors for that region as set forth in our bylaws. To be eligible for service as a director, a nominee must (i) be an active farmer or rancher, (ii) be a member of CHS or a Cooperative Association Member and (iii) reside in the geographic region from which he or she is nominated. Neither management nor the incumbent directors have any control over the nominating process for directors. Because of the nomination procedure and the election process, we cannot ensure that an elected director will be an "audit committee financial expert.  However, many of our directors, including all of the Audit Committee members, are financially sophisticated and have experience or background in which they have had significant financial oversight responsibilities. The current Audit Committee includes directors who have served as presidents or chairmen of local cooperative association boards. Members of the Board of Directors, including the Audit Committee, also operate large commercial enterprises requiring expertise in all areas of management, including financial oversight. 

48 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
  Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
    
  Executive Compensation 
    
  Overview 
    
  This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation awarded to each of the following executive officers (our Named Executive Officers) for fiscal 2016: 
    
  Carl Casale        President and Chief Executive Officer 
  Timothy Skidmore    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  Jay Debertin        Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy and Foods 
  Shirley Cunningham    Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy 
  James Zappa        Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
       
  CHS is an organization that exists to, among other things, help our owners grow. CHS compensation programs are designed to attract, retain and reward the executives who carry out this promise, and align them around attainment of CHS short and long-term success.   
    
  This section outlines the compensation and benefit programs as well as the materials and factors used to assist us in making compensation decisions. 
       
  Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
    
  The Governance Committee of our Board of Directors oversees the administration of, and the fundamental changes to, our executive compensation and benefits programs. The primary principles and objectives in compensating our executive officers include: 

Attract and retain exceptional talent who meet our leadership expectations and are engaged and committed to the long term success of CHS, by providing market competitive compensation and benefit programs 
                
    Align executive rewards to quantifiable annual and long-term performance goals that drive enterprise results and provide competitive returns to our member owners 
                
    Emphasize pay for performance by providing a total direct compensation mix of fixed and variable pay that is primarily weighted on annual and long-term incentives, in order to reward annual and sustained performance over the long term 
                
    Ensure compliance with government mandates and regulations 
       
  There are no material changes anticipated to our compensation philosophy or objectives for fiscal 2017. 
    
  Components of Executive Compensation and Benefits 
    
  Our executive compensation programs are designed to attract and retain highly qualified executives and to motivate them to optimize member-owner returns by achieving specified goals. The compensation program links executive compensation directly to our annual and long-term financial performance. A significant portion of each executive s 
   compensation is dependent upon meeting financial goals and a smaller portion is linked to individual performance objectives. 
    
  Each year, the Governance Committee of our Board of Directors reviews our executive compensation policies with respect to the correlation between executive compensation and the creation of member-owner value, as well as the competitiveness of our executive compensation programs. The Governance Committee, with input from a third-party consultant if necessary, determines what, if any, changes are appropriate to our executive compensation programs, including the incentive plan goals for our Named Executive Officers. The third-party consultant is chosen and hired directly by the Governance Committee to provide guidance regarding market competitive levels of base pay, annual variable pay and long-term incentive pay, as well as market competitive allocations between base pay, annual variable pay and long-term incentive pay for our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The data is shared with our Board of Directors, which makes final decisions regarding our Chief Executive Officer s base bay, annual incentive pay and long-term incentive pay, as well as the allocation of compensation between base pay, annual incentive pay and long-term incentive pay. There are no formal policies for allocation between long-term and cash compensation, other than the intention of being competitive with the external compensation market for  
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

comparable positions and being consistent with our compensation philosophy and objectives. The Governance Committee recommends to our Board of Directors salary actions relative to our CEO and approves annual and long-term incentive awards based on goal attainment. In turn, our Board of Directors communicates this pay information to our CEO. Our CEO is not involved with the selection of the third-party consultant and does not participate in, or observe, Governance Committee meetings that concern CEO compensation matters. Based on a review of compensation market data provided by our human resources department (survey sources and pricing methodology are explained below under  Components of Compensation ), with input from a third-party consultant if necessary, our CEO decides base compensation levels for the other Named Executive Officers, recommends for Board of Directors approval the annual and long-term incentive pay plans applicable to the other Named Executive Officers and communicates base and incentive compensation pay to the other Named Executive Officers. The day-to-day design and administration of compensation and benefit plans are managed by our human resources, finance and legal departments. 
    
  We intend to preserve the deductibility, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code), of compensation paid to our executive officers while maintaining compensation programs to attract and retain highly qualified executives in a competitive environment. 
    
  In this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the related compensation tables and the accompanying narratives, all references to a given year refer to our fiscal year ending on August 31 of that year. 
    
  Components of Compensation 
    
  Our executive compensation and benefits program consists of seven components. Each component is designed to be competitive within the executive compensation market. In determining competitive compensation levels, we analyze information from independent compensation surveys, which include information regarding comparable industries, markets, revenues and companies that compete with us for executive talent. The surveys used for this analysis in fiscal 2016 included a combination of the following sources: AonHewitt Total Compensation Measurement, Hay Group General Market Executive Report, Mercer Benchmark Database Executive Compensation Survey and Towers Watson CDB Executive Compensation Survey Report. The data extracted from these surveys includes median market rates for base salary, annual incentive, total cash compensation and total direct compensation. Companies included in the surveys vary by industry, revenue and number of employees, and represent both public and private ownership, as well as non-profit, government and mutual organizations. The number of companies participating in these surveys ranged from 446 to 2,592, with an average of 1,056. Compensation paid by a group of industry specific peer companies, which group includes 18 private, public and cooperative organizations in the agronomy, energy, food and grain industries, is also considered when making compensation decisions.       The emphasis of our executive compensation package is weighted more on variable pay through annual variable pay and long-term incentive awards. This is consistent with our compensation philosophy of emphasizing a strong link between pay, employee performance and business goals to foster a clear line-of-sight and strong commitment to CHS short-term and long-term success, and also aligns our programs with general market practices. The goal is to provide our executives with an overall compensation package that is competitive in comparable industries, companies and markets. We target the market median for base pay, target total cash and target total direct compensation, and 75th percentile for total direct compensation for above market performance. Actual compensation for fiscal 2016 was generally consistent with the market median, except for total cash compensation, which was 30% below market median total cash compensation because no awards were earned under the CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan (the Annual Variable Pay Plan) in fiscal 2016. 

50 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a more detailed breakout of each compensation element: 
                   P  ay Element 
    D  efinition of Pay Element 
    P  urpose of Pay Element 
      Base Pay 
    Competitive base level of compensation provided relative to skills, experience, knowledge and contributions 
        Provides the fundamental element of compensation for carrying out duties of the job 
      Annual Variable Pay 
    Broad-based employee short-term performance based variable pay incentive for achieving predetermined annual financial and individual performance objectives 
        Provides a direct link between pay and annual business objectives 
      Pay for performance to motivate and encourage the achievement of critical business initiatives 
      Encourages proper expense control and containment 
      Profit Sharing 
    Broad-based employee short-term performance based variable pay program for achieving predetermined return on adjusted equity performance levels 
        Provides a direct link between employee pay and CHS profitability 
      Encourages proper expense control and containment 
      Long-Term Incentive Plans 
    Long-term performance based incentive for senior management to achieve predetermined triennial return on adjusted equity performance goals 
        Provides a direct link between senior management pay and long-term strategic business objectives 
      Aligns management and member-owner interests 
      Encourages retention of key management 
      Retirement Benefits 
    Retirement benefits under the qualified retirement plans are identical to the broad-based retirement plans generally available to all full-time employees 
        These benefits are a part of our broad-based employee total rewards program designed to attract and retain quality employees 
        
    The supplemental plans include non-qualified retirement benefits that restore qualified benefits contained in our broad-based plans for employees whose retirement benefits are limited by salary caps under the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, the plans allow participants to voluntarily defer receipt of a portion of their income 
        These benefits are provided to attract and retain senior managers with total rewards programs that are competitive with comparable companies 
      Health   Welfare Benefits 
    Medical, dental, vision, life insurance and short-term disability benefits generally available to all full-time employees. Certain officers, including our Named Executive Officers, also are eligible for executive long-term disability benefits 
        With the exception of executive long-term disability, these benefits are a part of our broad-based employee total rewards program designed to attract and retain quality employees 
      Additional Benefits 
    Additional benefits provided to certain officers, including our Named Executive Officers 
        These benefits are provided as part of an overall total rewards package that strives to be competitive with comparable companies and retain individuals who are critical to CHS 

Base Pay: 
    
  Base salaries of our Named Executive Officers represent a fixed form of compensation paid on a semi-monthly basis. The base salaries are generally set at the median level of market data collected through our benchmarking process against other equivalent positions of comparable companies. The individual's actual salary relative to the market median is based on a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, scope of responsibilities and individual experience. 
    
  Base salaries for our Named Executive Officers are reviewed on an annual basis or at the time of significant changes in scope and level of responsibilities. Changes in base salaries are determined based on review of competitive market data, as well as individual performance and contribution. Changes are not governed by pre-established weighting factors or merit metrics. 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

The CEO is responsible for this process for the other Named Executive Officers. The Governance Committee is responsible for this process for the CEO. Mr. Casale received a base pay increase of 3.0% effective January 1, 2016. Our Board of Directors approved the increase in order to maintain a competitive pay position to market. Each other Named Executive Officer also received a 3.0% base salary increase in fiscal 2016.  
    
  Annual Variable Pay: 
    
  Each Named Executive Officer was eligible to participate in the Annual Variable Pay Plan for our fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. Target award levels were set with reference to competitive market compensation levels and were intended to motivate our executives by providing variable pay awards for the achievement of predetermined goals. Our incentive program was based on financial performance and specific management business objectives with payout dependent on CHS triggering threshold financial performance. The financial performance components included return on adjusted equity (ROAE) goals for both CHS and the executive s business unit.       The CHS threshold, target and maximum ROAE goals for fiscal 2016 were 8%, 10% and 14%, respectively. The threshold, target and maximum ROAE goals for each business unit vary by unit. The management business objectives include individual performance against specific goals such as business profitability, strategic initiatives or talent development. 
    
  CHS financial performance goals and award opportunities under our fiscal 2016 Annual Variable Pay Plan were as follows: 
                               P  erformance Level 
      
    CHS Company 
  Performance Goal 
      
    Business Unit 
  Performance Goal 
      
    Management Business 
  Objectives 
      
    Percent of Target 
  Award 
      Maximum 
      
    14% Return on Adjusted Equity 
      
    Threshold, Target 
  and Maximum Return on Adjusted Equity goals vary by business unit but are consistent with and support CHS ROAE goals 
      
    Individual 
  performance goals 
      
    200% 
      Target 
      
    10% Return on Adjusted Equity 

100% 
      Threshold 
      
    8% Return on Adjusted Equity  

20% 
      Below Threshold 
      
     8% Return on Adjusted Equity 

0% 

ROAE is a measurement of our profitability and is calculated by dividing adjusted net income (earnings) by adjusted equity. To determine the equity and earnings adjustments, we subtract preferred stock dividends (paid on beginning of the fiscal year preferred stock) from earnings, and reduce CHS equity by the beginning of the fiscal year preferred stock on the balance sheet. Earnings are subject to one-time exclusions or inclusions in any given fiscal year. 
    
  The types and relative importance of specific financial and other business goals vary among executives depending upon their positions and the particular business unit for which they are responsible. Financial goals are given greater weight than other individual performance goals in determining individual awards. 
    
  Our Board of Directors approves the Annual Variable Pay Plan total CHS ROAE goals and determines our CEO s individual goals. The weighting of our CEO s goals for fiscal 2016 was 60% CHS total company ROAE, 10% Marketing, General and Administrative Expense as a percent of Gross Profit (MG A/GP) and 30% principal accountabilities and individual goals. Our CEO approves business unit ROAE goals and determines non-financial goals for the other Named Executive Officers. The weighting of goals for the other Named Executive Officers for fiscal 2016 was 60% CHS total company ROAE, 10% MG A/GP, and 30% individual goals. For fiscal 2016, the annual variable pay plan was designed such that if threshold non-financial and financial performance goals were achieved, the annual variable pay award would equal 20% of target awards; if target non-financial and financial performance goals were achieved, the award would equal 100% of target awards; and if maximum non-financial and financial performance goals were achieved, the award would equal 200% of target awards. 
    
  We assessed the Annual Variable Pay Plan in fiscal 2016 as part of a regular review. As a result, effective with the 2017 plan year, the following changes have been made to the Annual Variable Pay Plan:  

Addition of Return on Assets (ROA) as a second financial metric; and 
                
    Increase in threshold award payout to 50% of target. As in past years, the award at the target level will remain 100%, and at the maximum level will remain 200%. 
     
   52 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, for the fiscal 2017 plan year, we have implemented a modification to the Annual Variable Pay Plan that allows for an award at the threshold level to be earned if our ROAE is less than the threshold performance target, provided two enterprise goals aligning with our enterprise objectives to deliver on expense management commitments and make talent and development a priority are both achieved. 
    
  In conjunction with the annual performance appraisal process of our CEO, our Board of Directors reviews the non-financial goals, and in turn, determines and approves this portion of the annual variable pay award based upon completion or partial completion of the previously specified goals and principal accountabilities for our CEO. Likewise, our CEO uses the same process for determining individual goal attainment for the other Named Executive Officers. Named Executive Officers are covered by the same broad-based Annual Variable Pay Plan as other employees, and based on the plan provisions, when they retire they receive awards prorated to the period of time eligible. 
    
  For fiscal 2016, CHS achieved an ROAE of     3.7%. Accordingly, because the 8% threshold ROAE was not achieved, no awards relating to fiscal 2016 were earned by any of the Named Executive Officers under the Annual Variable Pay Plan. 
    
  Profit Sharing: 
    
  Each Named Executive Officer is eligible to participate in our Profit Sharing Plan applicable to other employees. The purpose of the Profit Sharing Plan is to provide a direct link between employee pay and our profitability. Annual profit sharing contributions are calculated as a percent of base pay and annual variable pay (total earnings) and are made to the CHS 401(k) Plan account and Deferred Compensation Plan account of each Named Executive Officer. The levels of profit sharing awards vary in relation to the level of CHS ROAE achieved and are displayed in the following table:   

In fiscal 2016, the minimum ROAE threshold was not achieved. Accordingly, no awards relating to fiscal 2016 were earned by any of the Named Executive Officers under our Profit Sharing Plan. 
    
  Effective for fiscal 2017, the CHS ROAE goals for our Profit Sharing Plan are: 

In addition, for the fiscal 2017 plan year, we have implemented a modification to the Profit Sharing Plan. Like the modification to the Annual Variable Pay Plan that is being implemented for the fiscal 2017 plan year, the modification provides for a 1% profit sharing award to be earned if our ROAE is less than the threshold performance target, provided two enterprise goals aligning with our enterprise objectives to deliver on expense management commitments and make talent and development a priority are both achieved. 
    
  Long-Term Incentive Plans: 
    
  Each Named Executive Officer is eligible to participate in our Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). The purpose of the LTIP is to align results with long-term performance goals, encourage our Named Executive Officers to maximize long-term value for our owners, and retain key executives. 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

Currently, our LTIP performance measures are based upon our ROAE. In fiscal 2015, we engaged Hay Group to study whether ROAE was the most appropriate performance measure for us to use for our LTIP, or whether there were additional or other performance metrics that would be more appropriate. Hay Group delivered its opinion to us in February 2016 that ROAE is an appropriate metric for our LTIP.  
    
  The LTIP consists of three-year performance periods to ensure consideration is made for our long-term sustainability with a new performance period beginning every year. As indicated above, currently, the LTIP goals are based on our ROAE over three-year periods. Our Board of Directors approves the LTIP goals. 
    
  Award opportunities for the fiscal 2014-2016 LTIP are expressed as a percentage of a participant s average salary for the three-year performance period. We must meet a three-year period threshold level of ROAE to trigger a payout under the 2014-2016 LTIP. As indicated in the below table, the threshold, target, maximum and superior performance maximum ROAE goals for the fiscal 2014-2016 performance period were 8%, 10%, 14% and 20%, respectively.  

Awards from the LTIP are contributed to the CHS Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan) after the end of each performance period. These awards are earned over a three-year period and vest over an additional 28-month period following the performance period end date. The extended earning and vesting provisions of the LTIP are designed to help us retain key executives. Participants who terminate from CHS prior to retirement forfeit all unearned and unvested LTIP award balances. Participants who meet retirement criteria, die or become disabled receive prorated awards following the LTIP rules. Like the Annual Variable Pay Plan, award levels for the LTIP are set with regard to competitive considerations. 
       
  For the fiscal 2014-2016 performance period, CHS achieved a three year ROAE result of 12.9%. LTIP payments for the fiscal 2014-2016 plan for the Names Executive Officers are as follows: 

Details for fiscal 2016 awards associated with the 2016-2018 LTIP performance period are provided in the  2016 Grants of Plan-Based Awards  table. For the 2016-2018 performance period, the threshold performance award payout percent of target award under the LTIP will be 50%. 

Retirement Benefits: 
    
  We provide the following retirement and deferral programs to Named Executive Officers: 

CHS Inc. Pension Plan 
                 
    CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
                
    CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 

54 

     Table of Contents  

CHS Inc. Pension Plan 
    
  The CHS Inc. Pension Plan (the Pension Plan) is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. All Named Executive Officers participate in the Pension Plan. A Named Executive Officer is fully vested in the Pension Plan after three years (depending on hire date) of vesting service. The Pension Plan provides for a lump sum payment of the participant s account balance (or a monthly annuity if elected) for the Named Executive Officer s lifetime beginning at normal retirement age. Compensation includes total salary and annual variable pay. Compensation and benefits are limited based on limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. The normal form of benefit for a single Named Executive Officer is a life annuity, and for a married Named Executive Officer the normal form of benefit is a 50% joint and survivor annuity. Other annuity forms are also available on an actuarial equivalent basis. 
    
  A Named Executive Officer s benefit under the Pension Plan depends on pay credits to their account, which are based on the Named Executive Officer s total salary and annual variable pay for each year of employment, date of hire, age at date of hire and the length of service, and investment credits, which are computed using the interest crediting rate and the Named Executive Officer s account balance at the beginning of the plan year. 
    
  The amount of pay credits added to a Named Executive Officer s account each year is a percentage of the Named Executive Officer s base salary and annual variable pay plus compensation reduction pursuant to the CHS Inc. 401(k) Plan, (the 401(k) Plan), and any pretax contribution to any of our welfare benefit plans, paid vacations, paid leaves of absence and pay received if away from work due to a sickness or injury. The pay credits percentage received is determined on a yearly basis, based on the years of benefit service completed as of December 31 of each year. A Named Executive Officer receives one year of benefit service for every calendar year of employment in which the Named Executive Officer completed at least 1,000 hours of service. 
    
  Pay credits are earned according to the following schedule: 
    
  Regular Pay Credits 

Mid Career Pay Credits 
    
  Employees hired after age 40 qualify for the following minimum pay credit: 

Investment Credits 
    
  We credit a Named Executive Officer s account at the end of the calendar year with an investment credit based on the balance at the beginning of the year. The investment credit is based on the average return for one-year U.S. Treasury bills for the preceding 12-month period. The minimum interest rate under the Pension Plan is 4.65% and the maximum is 10%. 

55 

     Table of Contents  

CHS Inc. 401(k) Plan 
    
  The 401(k) Plan is a tax-qualified defined contribution retirement plan. Most full-time, non-union CHS employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan, including each Named Executive Officer. Participants may contribute between 1% and 50% of their pay on a pretax basis. We match 100% of the first 1% and 50% of the next 5% of pay contributed each year (maximum 3.5%). Our Board of Directors may elect to reduce or eliminate matching contributions for any year or any portion thereof. Participants are 100% vested in their own contributions and are fully vested after two years of service in matching contributions made on the participant s behalf by us. 
    
  Non-participants are automatically enrolled in the plan at a 3% contribution rate and, effective each January 1, the participant s contribution will be automatically increased by 1%. This escalation will stop once the participant s contribution reaches 10%. The participant may elect to cancel or change these automatic deductions at any time. 
    
  CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
  Because the Internal Revenue Code limits the benefits that may be paid from the Pension Plan and the 401(k) Plan, the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP) and the Deferred Compensation Plan were established to provide certain employees participating in the qualified plans with supplemental benefits such that, in the aggregate, they equal the benefits they would have been entitled to receive under the qualified plan had these limits not been in effect. The SERP also includes compensation deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan that is excluded under the qualified retirement plan. All Named Executive Officers participate in the SERP. Participants in the plans are select management or highly compensated employees who have been designated as eligible by our CEO to participate. 
    
  Compensation includes total salary and annual variable pay without regard to limitations on compensation imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Compensation waived under the Deferred Compensation Plan is not eligible for pay credits or company contributions under the Pension Plan or 401(k) Plan. 
    
  Certain Named Executive Officers may have accumulated non-qualified plan balances or benefits that have been carried over from predecessor companies as a result of past mergers and acquisitions. Benefits from the SERP are primarily funded in a rabbi trust, with a balance at August 31, 2016 of $28.2 million. Benefits from the plan do not qualify for special tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. 
    
  The Deferred Compensation Plan allows eligible Named Executive Officers to voluntarily defer receipt of up to 75% of their base salary and up to 100% of their annual variable pay. The election must occur prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the compensation will be earned. During the year ended August 31, 2016, all of the Named Executive Officers were eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Mr. Skidmore, Mr. Debertin, and Ms. Cunningham participated in the elective portion of the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
    
  Benefits from the Deferred Compensation Plan are primarily funded in a rabbi trust, with a balance as of August 31, 2016 of $124.9 million. Benefits from the plan do not qualify for special tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. 
    
  Health   Welfare Benefits: 
    
  Like our other employees, each of the Named Executive Officers is entitled to receive benefits under our comprehensive health and welfare program. Like non-executive full-time employees, participation in the individual benefit plans is based on each Named Executive Officer s annual benefit elections and varies by individual. 
    
  Medical Plans 
    
  Named Executive Officers and their dependents may participate in our medical plan on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The plan provides each Named Executive Officer an opportunity to choose a level of coverage and coverage options with varying deductibles and co-pays in order to pay for hospitalization, physician and prescription drugs expenses. The cost of this coverage is shared by us and the covered Named Executive Officer. 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Dental, Vision, and Hearing Plan 
    
  Named Executive Officers and their dependents may participate in our dental, vision, and hearing plan on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The plan provides coverage for basic dental, vision and hearing expenses. The cost of this coverage is shared by us and the covered Named Executive Officer. 
    
  Life, AD D and Dependent Life Insurance 
    
  Named Executive Officers and their dependents may participate in our basic life, optional life, accidental death and dismemberment (AD D) and dependent life plans on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The plans allow Named Executive Officers an opportunity to purchase group life insurance on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. Basic life insurance equal to one times pay will be provided at our expense on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. Named Executive Officers can choose various coverage levels of optional life insurance at their own expense on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. 
    
  Short- and Long-term Disability 
    
  Named Executive Officers participate in our Short-Term Disability Plan (STD) on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The Named Executive Officers also participate in an executive Long-Term Disability Plan (LTD). These plans replace a portion of income in the event that a Named Executive Officer is disabled under the terms of the plan and is unable to work full-time. The cost of STD and LTD coverage is paid by CHS. 
    
  Flexible Spending Accounts/Health Savings Accounts/Health Reimbursement Accounts 
    
  Named Executive Officers may participate in our Flexible Spending Account ( FSA ), Health Savings Account ("HSA") or Health Reimbursement Account ("HRA") on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The FSA and HSA provide Named Executive Officers an opportunity to pay for certain eligible medical expenses on a pretax basis. The HRA provides Named Executive Officers an opportunity to pay for certain eligible medical expenses incurred during the year on a pretax basis. Contributions to the FSA and HSA are made by the Named Executive Officer. Contributions to the HRA are made by us and are based on the medical option selected and range between $400 and $800. 
    
  Travel Assistance Program 
    
  Like other non-executive full-time employees, each of the Named Executive Officers is covered by our travel assistance program. This broad-based program provides accidental death and dismemberment protection should a covered injury or death occur while on a business trip. 
    
  Additional Benefits: 
    
  Certain benefits such as executive physical and limited financial planning assistance are available to our Named Executive Officers. These are provided as part of an overall total rewards package that strives to be competitive with comparable companies and retain individuals who are critical to CHS.  
    
  Agreements with Named Executive Officers 
    
  On November 6, 2013, we entered into an employment agreement (the Prior Casale Employment Agreement) and an amended and restated change in control agreement (the Prior Casale Change in Control Agreement and, together with the Prior Casale Employment Agreement, the Prior Casale Agreements) with Mr. Casale, our CEO, each of which became effective as of January 1, 2014. Under the Prior Casale Employment Agreement, as of January 1, 2016, Mr. Casale had a base salary of $1,051,000 and the awards opportunities set forth below in the  2016 Grants of Plan-Based Awards  table. On April 7, 2016, we entered into a new employment agreement (the Current Casale Employment Agreement) and a new change in control agreement (the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement and, together with the Current Casale Employment Agreement, the Current Casale Agreements) with Mr. Casale. The Current Casale Agreements, which superseded and replaced the Prior Casale Agreements effective as of September 1, 2016, are described in more detail below. 
    
  Mr. Skidmore, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, joined us in August 2013 and the terms of his employment provide for certain payments to him in respect of compensation earned from his former employer during past periods but forfeited in order to accept employment with us due to vesting requirements and other restrictions. Specifically, Mr. Skidmore is entitled to receive three equal payments of $180,000 for forfeited restricted stock and three equal payments of  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  

$55,163 for forfeited incentives to be paid as follows: the first payments within 30 days of his start date; the second payments within 30 days after the first anniversary of his start date and the third payments within 30 days after the second anniversary of his start date. 
       
  On April 6, 2015, Mr. Debertin, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy and Foods, was offered a Supplemental Project Milestone Incentive Plan (the Supplemental Plan), for which he is eligible to receive a cash award of up to $120,000 for each of the years ending August 31, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, depending upon achievement of certain milestones with respect to new projects. For the year ended August 31, 2016, Mr. Debertin s incentive concerned projects relating to development and ongoing readiness of key leaders and maximization of the efficiency of the Energy segment. Mr. Debertin achieved the milestones in fiscal 2016, and therefore earned the full $120,000 award, but voluntarily declined that earned award. 
    
  Mr. Zappa, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, joined us in April 2015 and the terms of his employment provide for certain payments to him in respect of compensation earned from his former employer during past periods but forfeited in order to accept employment with us due to vesting requirements and other restrictions. Specifically, Mr. Zappa is entitled to receive three payments on the following schedule: $101,667 in April 2015; $101,667 in April 2016; and $101,667 in April 2017. 

Shareholder Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation 
    
  We are not required to, and do not, conduct shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation under section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
  Summary Compensation Table 

_______________________________________ 

58 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Information on Ms. Cunningham includes compensation beginning in fiscal 2015, the first year in which she became a Named Executive Officer, and information on Mr. Zappa includes compensation beginning in fiscal 2016, the first year in which he became a Named Executive Officer. 

(4) 
    Includes payment of $383,000 in fiscal 2015 to Ms. Cunningham covering earned and forfeited compensation from previous employment. 

(6) 
    Amounts include annual variable pay awards and long-term incentive awards.  
       
  The actual annual variable pay award value was as follows in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively: Mr. Casale, $0, $2,502,118 and $2,475,000; Mr. Skidmore, $0, $668,367 and $648,900; Mr. Debertin, $0, $915,217 and $888,560; Ms. Cunningham, $0 and $786,214 (Ms. Cunningham was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2014); Mr. Zappa, $0 (Mr. Zappa was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2015 or 2014) 
    
  The actual long-term incentive award value was as follows in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively: Mr. Casale, $2,200,094, $4,741,381 and $4,612,167; Mr. Skidmore, $576,744, $1,268,320 and $1,272,600; Mr. Debertin, $789,871, $1,736,753 and $1,725,907 ; Ms. Cunningham, $683,022 and $1,456,205 (Ms. Cunningham was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2014); and Mr. Zappa, $508,961 (Mr. Zappa was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2015 or 2014).  

(8) 
    This column represents both changes in pension value and above-market earnings on deferred compensation. Change in pension value is the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the Named Executive Officer s benefit under their retirement program and nonqualified earnings, if applicable.  
       
  The aggregate change in the actuarial present value was as follows in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively: Mr. Casale, $626,792, $374,796 and $450,992; Mr. Skidmore, $176,801, $136,385 and $47,985; Mr. Debertin, $617,456, $244,472 and $502,230; Ms. Cunningham, $217,137 and $159,060 (Ms. Cunningham was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2014); and Mr. Zappa, $140,794 (Mr. Zappa was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2015 or 2014).     
    
  Above-market earnings represent earnings exceeding 120% of the Federal Reserve long-term rate as determined by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on applicable funds, and was as follows in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively: Mr. Casale, $121,408, $112,036 and $11,831; Mr. Skidmore, $16,373, $9,472 and $27; Mr. Debertin, $104,752, $94,850 and $11,866; Ms. Cunningham, $18,442 and $0 (Ms. Cunningham was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2014); and Mr. Zappa, $0 (Mr. Zappa was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal 2015 or 2014). 
    
           (9) 
    Amounts may include executive LTD paid by us, travel accident insurance, executive physical, contributions by us during each fiscal year to qualified and non-qualified defined contribution plans, spousal travel, event tickets and financial planning.  

59 

     Table of Contents  

Agreements with Named Executive Officers 
    
  On April 7, 2016, we entered into the Current Casale Employment Agreement and the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement with Mr. Casale, our CEO, each of which became effective September 1, 2016. The Current Casale Agreements replaced the Prior Casale Employment Agreement and the Prior Casale Change in Control Agreement that we had previously entered into with Mr. Casale in November 2013, both of which were effective throughout fiscal 2016. Both the Current Casale Employment Agreement and the Prior Casale Employment Agreement were entered into to clearly define the obligations of the parties with respect to employment matters as well as compensation and benefits provided to Mr. Casale upon termination of employment. Both the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement and the Prior Casale Change in Control Agreement were designed to help retain Mr. Casale, recognizing that change in control protections are commonly provided at comparable companies with which we compete for executive talent. Because of our cooperative ownership structure, we are in a position where a change in control is unlikely. However, we believe that this arrangement provides financial security to Mr. Casale and enhances his impartiality and objectivity in the case of a change in control in which he could potentially lose his position.  
    
  The Current Casale Employment Agreement has an initial term of four years ending on September 1, 2020, provided that beginning on September 1, 2020 and on each anniversary date thereafter, the term will be automatically renewed for an additional one-year period unless either party notifies the other in writing, at least 60 days in advance of the relevant anniversary date, of its intent not to renew the agreement for the additional one-year period. The Current Casale Change in Control Agreement has an initial term of one year ending on September 1, 2017, provided that beginning on September 1, 2017 and on each anniversary date thereafter, the term will be automatically renewed for an additional one-year period unless either party notifies the other in writing, at least 60 days in advance of the relevant anniversary date, of its intent not to renew the agreement for the additional one-year period. Additionally, if a change in control occurs during the term of the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement, it will continue in effect for a period of not less than 24 months beyond the month in which the change in control occurred. 
    
  Pursuant to the terms of the Current Casale Employment Agreement, Mr. Casale is entitled to, among other things: 

An annual base salary of $1,051,000, subject to increase by our Board of Directors from time to time; 

Earn a target annual incentive compensation award, beginning with fiscal 2017, of 150% of his base salary with a maximum potential annual incentive compensation award of 300% of his base salary, based on the achievement of performance targets set by our Board of Directors; and 

Earn a target long-term incentive compensation award of 125% of his average base salary during the three-year performance period applicable to that award opportunity, with a maximum superior performance potential long-term incentive compensation award of 500% of his average base salary during the three-year performance period applicable to that award. 
       
  Both the Current Casale Employment Agreement and the Prior Casale Employment Agreement provide that in the event of a restatement of our financial results due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements, if our Board of Directors determines in good faith that any compensation paid (or payable but not yet paid) to Mr. Casale was awarded or determined based on that material noncompliance, then we are entitled to recover from him (or to reduce compensation determined but not yet paid) all compensation based on the erroneous financial data in excess of what would have been paid or been payable to him under the restatement. 
    
  The severance pay and benefits to which Mr. Casale would be entitled if we terminated his employment without cause, if he terminated his employment for  good reason  or if his employment was terminated in connection with a change in control are described below under  Post Employment . 
    
  Mr. Skidmore, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, joined us in August 2013. The severance payments to which Mr. Skidmore will be entitled if we terminate his employment without cause or if he terminates his  
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

employment for  good reason  are described below under the heading  Post Employment . Other details of Mr. Skidmore s employment arrangement with us are described in  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  Ms. Cunningham, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy, joined us in April 2013. The severance payments to which Ms. Cunningham will be entitled if we terminate her employment without cause or if she terminates her employment for  good reason  are described below under the heading  Post Employment . Other details of Ms. Cunningham s employment arrangement with us are described in  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  Mr. Zappa, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, joined us in April 2015. The severance payments to which Mr. Zappa will be entitled if we terminate his employment without cause or if he terminates his employment for  good reason  are described below under the heading  Post Employment . Other details of Mr. Zappa s employment arrangement with us are described in  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  During fiscal 2015, Mr. Debertin, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Energy and Foods, was offered a Supplemental Project Milestone Incentive Plan, as described in the earlier  Agreements with Named Executive Officers  section of  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  Explanation of Ratio of Salary and Bonus to Total Compensation 
    
  The structure of our executive compensation package is focused on a suitable mix of base pay, annual variable pay and long-term incentive awards in order to encourage executive officers and employees to strive to achieve goals that benefit our owners  interests over the long term, and to better align our programs with general market practices. 
    
  Fiscal 2016 Executive Compensation Mix at Target 
    
  The charts below illustrate the mix of base salary, annual variable pay at target performance, and long-term incentive compensation at target performance for fiscal 2016 for our CEO and the other Named Executive Officers as a group. 

61 

     Table of Contents  

2016 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
    
  Estimated Future Payouts Under  
  Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

_______________________________________ 
    
            (1)   
    Represents range of possible awards under our fiscal 2016 Annual Variable Pay Plan. No awards were actually earned by any of the Named Executive Officers pursuant to these grants. The Annual Variable Pay Plan is described under  Compensation Discussion and Analysis       Annual Variable Pay  above. 
       
            (2)   
    Represents range of possible awards under our LTIP for the fiscal 2016-2018 performance period. Goals are based on achieving a three-year ROAE of 8% threshold, 10% target and 14% maximum plus a potential award for superior 20% ROAE performance. Values displayed in the maximum column reflect 20% superior ROAE performance award potential. The 14% maximum performance award values are not listed in this table. Awards are earned over a three-year period and vest over an additional 28-month period. The LTIP is described under  Compensation Discussion and Analysis-Long-Term Incentive Plans  above. 
       
            (3)   
    Represents maximum fiscal 2016 annual award opportunity for Mr. Debertin s Supplemental Plan. The Supplemental Plan is described under  Compensation Discussion and Analysis-Agreements with Named Executive Officers  above. Mr. Debertin achieved the applicable milestones in fiscal 2016, and therefore earned the full $120,000 award, but voluntarily declined that earned award. 
       
  The material terms of annual variable pay and long-term incentive awards that are disclosed in this table, including the vesting schedule, are described under  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 

62 

     Table of Contents  

2016 Pension Benefits 

(1)   
    Mr. Debertin is eligible for early retirement in both the Pension Plan and the SERP.  
       
  The above table shows the present value of accumulated retirement benefits that Named Executive Officers are entitled to under the Pension Plan and the SERP.  
    
  For a discussion of the material terms and conditions of the Pension Plan and the SERP, see  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  The present value of accumulated benefits is determined in accordance with the same assumptions outlined in Note 10,   Benefit Plans  , of the notes to consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Each Named Executive Officer is assumed to retire at the earliest retirement age at which unreduced benefits are available (age 65). The early retirement benefit under the cash balance plan formula is equal to the participant s 
     account balance; and 
             
    Payments under the cash balance formula of the Pension Plan assume a lump sum payment. SERP benefits are payable as a lump sum. 
       
  The normal form of benefit for a single employee is a life only annuity, and for a married employee the normal form of benefit is a 50% joint and survivor annuity. Other annuity forms are also available on an actuarial equivalent basis. A lump sum option is also available. 
    
  All Named Executive Officers  retirement benefits at normal retirement age will be equal to their accumulated benefits under the Pension Plan and the SERP, as described under  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 

63 

     Table of Contents  

2016 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

(1)   
    Includes amounts deferred from salary and annual incentive pay reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. 
                (3)   
    The amounts in this column include the change in value of the balance, not including contributions made by the Named Executive Officer. Amounts include the following above market earnings in fiscal 2016 that are also reflected in the Summary Compensation Table: Mr. Casale, $121,408; Mr. Skidmore, $16,373; Mr. Debertin, $104,752; Ms. Cunningham, $18,442; and Mr. Zappa, $0. 
               (4)   
    Amounts vary in accordance with individual pension plan provisions and voluntary employee deferrals and withdrawals. These amounts include rollovers, voluntary salary and voluntary incentive plan contributions from predecessor plans with predecessor employers that have increased in value over the course of the executive s career. Named Executive Officers may defer up to 75% of their base salary and up to 100% of their annual variable pay to the Deferred Compensation Plan. Earnings on amounts deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan are determined based on the investment election made by the Named Executive Officer from five market-based notional investments with a varying level of risk selected by us, and a fixed rate fund. The notional investment returns for fiscal 2016 were as follows: Vanguard Prime Money Market, 0.38%; Vanguard Life Strategy Income, 7.20%; Vanguard Life Strategy Conservative Growth, 7.65%; Vanguard Life Strategy Moderate Growth, 7.99%; Vanguard Life Strategy Growth, 8.20%; and the Fixed Rate was 4.00%. 
     Named Executive Officers may change their investment election daily. Payments of amounts deferred are made in accordance with elections by the Named Executive Officer and in accordance with Section 409A under the Internal Revenue Code. Payments under the Deferred Compensation Plan may be made at a specified date elected by the Named Executive Officer or deferred until retirement, disability, or death. Payments would be made in a lump sum. In the event of retirement, the Named Executive Officer can elect to receive payments either in a lump sum or annual installments up to 10 years. 
    
  For a discussion of the material terms and conditions of the Deferred Compensation Plan, see  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  above. 
    
  Post Employment 
    
  Pursuant to the terms of the Current Casale Employment Agreement, Mr. Casale, our CEO, would be entitled to severance in the event that his employment was terminated by us without cause or by him with  good reason.  Specifically, severance under the Current Casale Employment Agreement would consist of: 

The annual incentive compensation Mr. Casale would have been entitled to receive for the year in which his termination occurred as if he had continued until the end of that fiscal year, determined based on our actual performance for that year relative to the performance goals applicable to Mr. Casale (with that portion of the annual incentive compensation based on completion or partial completion of previously specified personal goals equal to 30% of the target annual incentive), prorated for the number of days in the fiscal year through Mr. Casale s termination date and generally payable in a cash lump sum at the time that incentive awards are payable to other participants; 
     
   64 

     Table of Contents  

Two times Mr. Casale s base salary plus two times his target annual incentive compensation, payable in three equal installments with the first installment payable 60 days following termination and the second and third installments payable on the first and second anniversary dates of termination, respectively; and 

Welfare benefit continuation for two years following termination. 
       
  Mr. Skidmore s employment term sheet with us provides for severance in the event his employment is terminated by us without cause, or by him with  good reason , in the amount of one year of base pay and prorated annual variable pay. 
    
  Ms. Cunningham s employment term sheet with us provides for severance in the event her employment is terminated by us without cause, or by her with  good reason , in the amount of one year of base pay and prorated annual variable pay. 
    
                 Mr. Zappa s employment term sheet with us provides for severance in the event his employment is terminated by us without cause, or by him with  good reason , in the amount of one year of base pay and prorated annual variable pay. 
    
  All other Named Executive Officers are covered by a broad-based employee severance program which provides a lump sum payment of two weeks of pay per year of service with a 12-month cap. 
    
  In accordance with their years of service and current base pay levels, the Named Executive Officers  severance pay would have been as follows had they been terminated by us without cause or terminated their employment for  good reason  as of the last business day of fiscal 2016: 

_______________________________________ 
    
            (1)   
    Includes the value of health and welfare insurance based on current monthly rates. 
       
            (2)   
    For purposes of calculating the prorated portion of Mr. Casale s unpaid annual variable pay award for the fiscal year in which the termination occurred, assumes an annual variable pay award at target performance for the entire fiscal year. 
       
            (3)   
    Assumes an annual variable pay award at target performance for the entire fiscal year. 
       
  There are no other severance benefits offered to our Named Executive Officers, except as set forth in the following paragraph and except for up to $5,000 of outplacement assistance, which would be included as imputed income, and government mandated benefits such as COBRA. Except as otherwise set forth above, the method of payment would be a lump sum. Named Executive Officers not covered by employment agreements are not offered any special postretirement health and welfare benefits that are not offered to other similarly situated (i.e. age and service) salaried employees. 
    
  Pursuant to the terms of the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement, upon a  qualifying termination  Mr. Casale would also be entitled to the following, subject to offset by the amount of any severance previously paid to him under any employment agreement with us:  

A lump sum severance payment equal to 2.5 times the sum of his base salary and target annual incentive compensation award; 

Welfare benefit continuation for a period of 30 months; 

Certain post-retirement health care or life insurance benefits if Mr. Casale would have become eligible for such benefits during the 30 months after the date of termination; 

A lump sum payment equal to all earned but unused paid time off days; and  
     
   65 

     Table of Contents  

Notwithstanding the above, any amounts paid under the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement would be reduced to the maximum amount that can be paid without being subject to the excise tax imposed under Internal Revenue Code Section 4999, but only if the after-tax benefit of the reduced amount is higher than the after-tax benefit of the unreduced amount. For purposes of the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement, a  qualifying termination  means a termination by us without cause or a termination by Mr. Casale with  good reason , in each case either concurrent with or within 24 months following a change in control, or a termination by us without cause within 6 months prior to a change in control if that termination is related to the change in control. In accordance with the terms of the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement and his base salary, Mr. Casale would have received the following payment had there been a  qualifying termination  of his employment on the last business day of fiscal 2016: 

(1)   
    This number includes the value of health insurance based on current monthly rates. 
       
  In addition, the Current Casale Employment Agreement and the Current Casale Change in Control Agreement each provide that, during the two-year period following Mr. Casale s cessation of employment with us, he will be subject to a covenant not to compete with us and a covenant not to solicit our employees and customers.  
    
  Director Compensation 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our Board of Directors met formally eight times during the year ended August 31, 2016. Through August 31, 2016, each director was provided annual compensation of $69,000, paid in 12 monthly payments, plus actual expenses and travel allowance, with the Chairman of the Board receiving additional annual compensation of $18,000, the First Vice Chairman, and the Secretary-Treasurer receiving additional annual compensation of $3,600 and all Board committee chairs receiving additional annual compensation of $6,000. Each director receives a per diem of $500 plus actual expenses and travel allowance for each day spent at meetings other than regular Board meetings and the CHS Annual Meeting. The number of days per diem may not exceed 55 days annually, except that the Chairman of the Board is exempt from this limit.  
    
  Further, in an effort to align the interests of our Board of Directors and management, directors are eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Other than direct contributions, our contributions are made based on ROAE to align the interests of directors, management and member-owners. The ROAE performance goals are the same as described in the LTIP, historically resulting in Deferred Compensation Plan credits that escalate consistent with increasing ROAE performance levels, as detailed on the following pages. 
    
  Director Retirement and Healthcare Benefits 
    
  Members of our Board of Directors are eligible for certain retirement and healthcare benefits. The director retirement plan is a defined benefit plan and provides for a monthly benefit for the director s lifetime, beginning at age 60. Benefits are immediately vested and the monthly benefit is determined according to the following formula: $250 times years of service on the Board (up to a maximum of 15 years). Under no event will the benefit payment be payable for less than 120 months. Payment shall be made to the retired director s beneficiary in the event of the director s death before 120 payments are made. Prior to 2005, directors could elect to receive their benefit as an actuarial equivalent lump sum. In order to comply with IRS requirements, directors were required in 2005 to make a one-time irrevocable election whether to receive their accrued benefit in a lump sum or a monthly annuity upon retirement. If the lump sum was elected, the director would commence benefits upon expiration of Board term. 
    
  Effective August 31, 2011, future accruals under the director retirement plan were frozen. Directors elected after that date are not eligible for benefits under this plan. 
    
  Retirement benefits are funded by a rabbi trust, with a balance at August 31, 2016 of $8.6 million. The Board of Directors  intent is to fully fund benefits through the rabbi trust. 

66 

     Table of Contents  

Directors serving as of September 1, 2005, and their eligible dependents, are eligible to participate in our medical, life, dental, vision and hearing plans. We will pay 100% of the medical premium for the director and their eligible dependents until the director is eligible for Medicare. Term life insurance cost is paid by the director. Retired directors and their dependents are eligible to continue medical and dental insurance with the premiums paid by us after they leave the Board. In the event a director s coverage ends due to death or Medicare eligibility, we will pay 100% of the premium for the eligible spouse and eligible dependents until the spouse reaches Medicare age or upon death, if earlier. 
    
  New directors elected on or after December 1, 2006, and their eligible dependents, are eligible to participate in our medical, dental, vision and hearing plans. We will pay 100% of the premium for the director and eligible dependents until the director is eligible for Medicare. In the event a director leaves the Board prior to Medicare eligibility, premiums will be shared based on the following schedule: 

Deferred Compensation Plan 
    
  Directors are eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Each participating director may elect to defer up to 100% of his or her monthly director fees into the Deferred Compensation Plan. This must be done prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the fees will be earned, or in the case of newly-elected directors, upon election to the Board. The deferral election must occur prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the compensation will be earned. During fiscal 2016, the following directors deferred Board fees pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan: Mr. Johnsrud, Mr. Knecht, Mr. Malesich and Mr. Riegel. 
    
  Benefits are funded in a Rabbi Trust. The amount of Deferred Compensation Plan Rabbi Trust reported elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes amounts deferred by the directors. 
    
  Each year we will credit an amount to each director s retirement plan account under the Deferred Compensation Plan. Historically, the amount that was credited was based on our cumulative ROAE over a three-year period: 

The fiscal 2016 credit to each director s Retirement Plan Account was determined based on the ROAE for fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 and is reflected in the Director Compensation Table.  
    
  Upon leaving our Board of Directors during the fiscal year, a director s credit for that partial fiscal year will be the target amount ($25,000) prorated through the end of the month in which the director departs. Directors who join our Board of Directors during the fiscal year will receive credit for that partial fiscal year based on the actual ROAE for that fiscal year, prorated from the first of the month following the month in which the director joins our Board of Directors, to the end of the fiscal year. 

67 

     Table of Contents  

The contribution amounts and performance goals for the 2016-2018 measurement period are set forth below:  

To align with the threshold performance award payout percent of target award of 50% under the LTIP, as indicated above, the amount to be credited to a director's retirement plan account for us achieving the minimum threshold ROAE amount for the 2016-2018 performance period will be $12,500. 
    
  2016 Director Compensation 

_______________________________________ 
    
             (2)   
    This column represents both changes in pension value and above-market earnings on deferred compensation. Change in pension value is the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the director s benefit under his retirement program, and nonqualified earnings, if applicable. The change in pension value will vary by director based on several factors including age, service, pension benefit elected (lump sum or annuity - see above), discount rate and mortality factor used to calculate the benefit due. Future accruals under the plan were frozen as of August 31, 2011 as stated above. 
     Above-market earnings represent earnings exceeding 120% of the Federal Reserve long-term rate as determined by the IRS on applicable funds. The following directors had above market earnings during fiscal 2016: $2,183 for Mr. Bass; $239 for Mr. Bielenberg; $2,564 for Mr. Anthony, Mr. Carlson, Mr. Eischens, Mr. Kayser and Mr. Kruger; $468 for  
  
   68 

     Table of Contents  

Mr. Erickson; $51 for Mr. Fritel; $759 for Mr. Knecht; $2,418 for Mr. Malesich; $1,051 for Mr. Riegel; $1,395 for Mr. Schurr; $1,310 for Mr. Blew; $142 for Mr. Holm; $473 for Mr. Meyer; and $567 for Mr. Johnsrud. 
            (3)   
    All other compensation includes health insurance premiums, conference and registration fees, meals and related spousal expenses for trips made with a director on CHS business. Total amounts vary primarily due to the variations in health insurance premiums, which are due to the number of dependents covered. 
     Health care premiums paid for directors include: $11,096 for Mr. Holm; $13,364 for Mr. Anthony, Mr. Bass, Mr. Bielenberg, Mr. Eischens, Mr. Fritel, Mr. Johnsrud, Mr. Knecht, Mr. Malesich and Mr. Riegel; $16,544 for Mr. Carlson, Mr. Kruger and Mr. Erickson; $24,104 for Mr. Blew and Mr. Kayser; $23,009 for Mr. Schurr; and $13,124 for Mr. Meyer.  
    
            (4)   
    All other compensation includes fiscal 2016 director retirement plan Deferred Compensation Plan contributions of $43,125 for each director. 
               (5)   
    Made a one-time irrevocable retirement election in 2005 to receive a lump sum benefit under the director retirement plan. All other directors that were first elected on or prior to August 31, 2011 will receive a monthly annuity upon retirement. The director retirement plan benefit was frozen as of August 31, 2011. Accordingly, directors who are first elected after that date are not eligible for benefits under that plan. 
       
  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
    
  Our Board of Directors does not have a compensation committee. The Governance Committee of our Board of Directors recommends to the entire Board of Directors salary actions relative to our CEO. The entire Board of Directors determines the compensation and the terms of the employment agreement with our CEO. Our CEO decides base compensation levels for the other Named Executive Officers with input from a third party consultant if necessary, and recommends for our Board of Directors' approval the annual and long-term incentive plans applicable to the other Named Executive Officers. 
    
    During fiscal 2016, the members of the Governance Committee of our Board of Directors (the committee of our Board of Directors that performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee) were Messrs. Steven Fritel (chair), Robert Bass, David Johnsrud and Steve Riegel. During fiscal 2016, no executive officer of CHS served on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) or board of directors of any other entity that had any executive officer who also served on our Governance Committee or Board of Directors. None of the directors are, or have been, officers or employees of CHS. 
    
  See Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for directors, including Mr. Johnsrud, who were a party to related-person transactions. 
  Compensation Committee Report 
    
  The Governance Committee (the committee of our Board of Directors that performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee) has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussion, the Governance Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Respectfully submitted, 
    
  Steven Fritel, Chairman 
  Robert Bass 
  David Johnsrud 
  Steve Riegel 

69 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
    
  Beneficial ownership of our equity securities by each member of our Board of Directors, each of our Named Executive Officers and all members of our Board of Directors and executive officers as a group as of September 15, 2016 is shown below. Except as indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares attributable to such person. 

_______________________________________ 
              (3)   
    Includes shares held by spouse, children and Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA"). 
               (4)   
    Represents 7,114 shares of Class B Series 3 Preferred Stock held by the One At a Time Foundation, a nonprofit organization at which Mr. Casale serves as Vice President and a Director and at which Mr. Casale's spouse serves as President and a Director. Mr. Casale disclaims beneficial ownership of all such shares. 
        
  We have no compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

70 

     Table of Contents  

To our knowledge, there is no person or group who is a beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class or series of our preferred stock. 

ITEM 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    
  Because our directors must be active patrons of CHS, or of an affiliated association, transactions between us and our directors are customary and expected. Transactions include the sales of commodities to us and the purchases of products and services from us, as well as patronage refunds and equity redemptions received from us. During the year ended   August 31, 2016  , the value of those transactions between a particular director (and any immediate family member of a director, which includes any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director) and us in which the total amount involved exceeded $120,000 are shown below. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Related Party Transactions 
    
  Pursuant to its amended and restated charter, our Audit Committee has responsibility for the review and approval of all transactions between CHS and any related parties or affiliates of CHS, including its officers and directors, other than transactions in the ordinary course of business and on market terms as described above. 
    
  Related persons can include any of our directors or executive officers and any of their immediate family members, as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In evaluating related person transactions, the committee members apply the same standards they apply to their general responsibilities as members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The committee will approve a related person transaction when, in its good faith judgment, the transaction is in the best interest of CHS. To identify related person transactions, each year we require our directors and officers to complete a questionnaire identifying any transactions with CHS in which the officer or director or their family members have an interest. We also review our business records to identify potentially qualifying transactions between a related person and us. In addition, we have a written policy in regard to related persons, included in our Corporate Compliance Code of Ethics, that describes our expectation that all directors, officers and employees who may have a potential or apparent conflict of interest will notify our legal department. 
    
  Director Independence 
    
  We are a Minnesota cooperative corporation managed by a Board of Directors made up of 17 members. Nomination and election of the directors is done by eight separate regions. In addition to meeting other requirements for directorship, candidates must reside in the region from which they are elected. Directors are elected for three-year terms. The terms of directors are staggered and no more than seven director positions are elected at an annual meeting of members. Nominations for director elections are made by the members at the region caucuses at our annual meeting of members. Neither the Board of Directors, nor management of CHS participates in the nomination process. Accordingly, we have no nominating committee. 
    
  The following directors satisfy the definition of director independence set forth in the rules of the NASDAQ: 
                   Donald Anthony 
    Jon Erickson 
    Greg Kruger 
      Robert Bass 
    Steve Fritel 
    Edward Malesich 
      David Bielenberg 
    Alan Holm 
    Perry Meyer 
      Clinton J. Blew 
    David Kayser 
    Steve Riegel 
      Dennis Carlson 
    Randy Knecht 
    Daniel Schurr 
      Curt Eischens 

71 

     Table of Contents  

Further, although we do not need to rely upon an exemption for the Board of Directors as a whole, we are exempt pursuant to the NASDAQ rules from the NASDAQ director independence requirements as they relate to the makeup of the Board of Directors as a whole and the makeup of the committee performing the functions of a compensation committee. The NASDAQ exemption applies to cooperatives that are structured to comply with relevant state law and federal tax law and that do not have a publicly traded class of common stock. All of the members of our Audit Committee are independent. All of the members of our Governance Committee (the committee of our Board of Directors that performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee) are independent other than David Johnsrud. 
    
  Independence of CEO and Board Chairman Positions 
    
  Our bylaws prohibit any employee of CHS from serving on the Board of Directors. Accordingly, our CEO may not serve as Chairman of the Board or in any CHS Board capacity. We believe that this leadership structure creates independence between the Board and management and is an important check and balance in the governance of CHS. 
    
  Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 
    
  It is senior management s responsibility to identify, assess and manage our exposures to risk. Our Board of Directors plays an important and significant role in overseeing the overall risk management approach, including the review and, where appropriate, approval of guidelines and policies that govern our risk management process. Our management and Board of Directors have jointly identified multiple broad categories of risk exposure, each of which could impact operations and affect results at an enterprise level. Each such significant enterprise level risk is reviewed periodically by management with the Board of Directors and/or a committee of the Board as appropriate. The review includes an analysis by management of the continued applicability of the risk, our performance in managing or mitigating the risk, and possible additional or emerging risks to consider. We continue to develop a formal Enterprise Risk Management program intended to support integration of the risk assessment and management discipline and controls into major decision making and business processes. The Corporate Risk Committee is involved in developing and approving the Enterprise Risk Management framework, and is responsible for evaluating its effectiveness on an ongoing basis. When appropriate, the Corporate Risk Committee meets jointly with the Audit Committee to discuss common financial risks across CHS that may have potential material impact to our financial statements. 

ITEM 14.      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
    
  The following table shows the aggregate fees billed to us by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for services rendered during the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

_______________________________________ 
            (1)   
    Includes fees for audit of annual financial statements and reviews of the related quarterly financial statements, certain statutory audits and work related to filings of registration statements. 
               (2)   
    Includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, due diligence on acquisitions and internal control and system audit procedures. 
               (3)   
    Includes fees related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
               (4)   
    Includes fees related to other professional services performed for international entities. 
       
  In accordance with the CHS Inc. Audit Committee Charter, as amended, our Audit Committee adopted the following policies and procedures for the approval of the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for audit, review or attest services and for pre-approval of certain permissible non-audit services, all to ensure auditor independence. 
    
  Our independent registered public accounting firm will provide audit, review and attest services only at the direction of, and pursuant to engagement fees and terms approved by our Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee approves, in advance,  
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

all non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors and the fees and compensation to be paid to the independent auditors. Our Audit Committee approved 100% of the services listed above in advance. 
  
   73 

Table of Contents  

PART IV. 

ITEM 15.      EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
  (a)(1)   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  The following financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(a)(2)   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
  SCHEDULE II   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES 

*net of reserve adjustments 

74 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
  (a)(3)   EXHIBITS  
                 2.1 
    Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of December 18, 2015 between CHS Inc. and CF Industries Sales, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2015).(**)(***) 
      3.1 
    Articles of Incorporation of CHS Inc., as amended. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2006, filed January 11, 2007). 
      3.2 
    Bylaws of CHS Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-156255), filed December 17, 2008). 
      3.2A 
    Amended Article III, Section 3(b) of Bylaws of CHS Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 5, 2010). 
      3.2B 
    Amendment to the Bylaws of CHS Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2010). 
      4.1 
    Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 14, 2003). 
      4.2 
    Form of Certificate Representing 8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 23, 2003). 
      4.3 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Amending the Amended and Restated Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 23, 2003). 
      4.4 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Amending the Amended and Restated Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the record date for dividends. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2003, filed July 2, 2003). 
      4.5 
    Resolution Amending the Terms of the 8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to Provide for Call Protection. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2013.) 
      4.6 
    Resolution Creating Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-190019), filed September 13, 2013). 
      4.7 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors of CHS Inc. Relating to the Terms of the Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 20, 2013). 
      4.8 
    Form of Certificate Representing Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-190019), filed September 13, 2013). 
      4.9 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed March 5, 2014). 
      4.10 
    Form of Certificate Representing Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-193891), filed February 26, 2014). 
      4.11 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 10, 2014). 
      4.12 
    Form of Certificate Representing Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 10, 2014). 
      4.13 
    Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 4. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed January 14, 2015).  
      4.14 
    Form of Certificate Representing Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 4. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed January 14, 2015). 
      10.1 
    Employment Agreement between CHS Inc. and Carl M. Casale dated April 7, 2016, effective September 1, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 29, 2016, filed April 11, 2016). (+) 

75 

     Table of Contents  

76 

     Table of Contents  

77 

     Table of Contents  

10.30 
    Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated February 1, 2012, between CHS Inc. and Cargill, Incorporated. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 1, 2012).  
      10.31 
    Note Purchase Agreement between CHS Inc. and certain accredited investors ($500,000,000) dated as of June 9, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 13, 2011). 
      10.31A 
    Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 4, 2015, between CHS Inc. and the purchasers of notes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
      10.32 
    Joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill, Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated March 4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2013, filed July 10, 2013). 
      10.32A 
    Amendment No. 1 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated April 30, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
      10.32B 
    Amendment No. 2 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated May 31, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
      10.32C 
    Amendment No. 3 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated July 24, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
      10.32D 
    Amendment No. 4 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated March 27, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2014, filed April 3, 2014). 
      10.32E 
    Amendment No. 5 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated, and ConAgra Foods, Inc., dated May 25, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2014, filed July 9, 2014). 
      10.33 
    Resolutions Amending the Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 3, 2013). (+) 
      10.34 
    Pre-Export Credit Agreement dated as of September 24, 2013 between CHS Agronegocio Industria e Comercio Ltda., as borrower, CHS Inc., as guarantor, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Credit Agricole), as administrative agent, Credit Agricole and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and the other syndication parties thereto from time to time. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 4, 2013). 
      10.34A 
    First Amendment to Pre-Export Credit Agreement dated as of October 9, 2015, among CHS Agronegocio Industria e Comercio Ltda., as borrower, CHS Inc., as guarantor, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
      10.35 
    Amended and Restated Supply Agreement dated as of December 18, 2015 between CHS Inc. and CF Industries Nitrogen LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2015). (***) 
      10.36 
    2015 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (5-Year Revolving Loan) dated as of September 4, 2015, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of all present and future syndication parties, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
      10.37 
    2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan) dated as of September 4, 2015, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of all present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
      10.37A 
    Amendment No. 1 to 2015 Credit Agreement. (10-Year Term Loan), dated as of June 30, 2016, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of all present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2016, filed July 7, 2016). 
      10.38 
    Supplemental Project Milestone Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2015, filed April 8, 2015). (+) 
      10.39 
    Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2016, among CHS Inc. and each of the Purchasers signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 21, 2016). 
      10.40 
    Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, by and among CHS Inc., CHS Capital, LLC and Cofina Funding, LLC. (*) 
      10.41 
    Receivables Financing Agreement dated July 22, 2016, by and among CHS Inc., individually and as a Servicer, Cofina Funding, LLC, as Seller, Victory Receivables Corporation and Niew Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., as Conduit Purchasers, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as a Committed Purchaser, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent, and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as a Committed Purchaser, Purchaser Agent and as Administrative Agent. (*) 

78 

     Table of Contents  

10.42 
    Payoff and Termination Agreement dated July 22, 2016, by and among CHS Inc., Cofina Funding, LLC, CHS Capital, LLC, Niew Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., Victory Receivables Corporation, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, and U.S. Bank N.A. (*) 
      21.1 
    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.(*) 
      23.1 
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.(*) 
      24.1 
    Power of Attorney.(*) 
      31.1 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(*) 
      31.2 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(*) 
      32.1 
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(*) 
      32.2 
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(*) 
      101 
    The following financial information from CHS Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and (vii) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (*) 

_______________________________________ 
  (*)    Filed herewith. 
           (**) 
    Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. CHS hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
              (***) 
    Portions of Exhibits 2.1 and 10.46 have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment order under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
     (+)    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 
    
  (b)   EXHIBITS 
    
  The exhibits shown in Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are being filed herewith. 
    
  (c)   SCHEDULES 
    
    None. 

ITEM 16.           FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
    
  None. 

79 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on   November 3, 2016  . 
    
  CHS INC. 
                     
    By:  
    /s/  Carl M. Casale 

Carl M. Casale 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on   November 3, 2016  : 
                   Signature 
      
    Title 

/s/  Carl M. Casale 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (principal executive officer) 
      Carl M. Casale 

/s/  Timothy Skidmore 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
      Timothy Skidmore 

/s/  Theresa Egan 
      
    Vice President, Accounting and Corporate Controller 
  (principal accounting officer) 
      Theresa Egan 

* 
      
    Chairman of the Board of Directors 
          David Bielenberg 

* 
      
    Director 
          Don Anthony 

* 
      
    Director 
       Robert Bass 

* 
      
    Director 
          Clinton J. Blew 

* 
      
    Director 
          Dennis Carlson 

* 
      
    Director 
          Curt Eischens 

* 
      
    Director 
          Jon Erickson 

* 
      
    Director 
      Steve Fritel 

80 

     Table of Contents  

* 
      
    Director 
      Alan Holm 

* 
      
    Director 
      David Johnsrud 

* 
      
    Director 
       David Kayser 

* 
      
    Director 
          Randy Knecht 

* 
      
    Director 
          Greg Kruger 

* 
      
    Director 
      Edward Malesich 

* 
      
    Director 
      Perry Meyer 

* 
      
    Director 
          Steve Riegel 

* 
      
    Director 
          Dan Schurr 

*By 
    /s/ Carl M. Casale 

Carl M. Casale 
  Attorney-in-fact 

81 

Table of Contents  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Members and Patrons of CHS Inc.: 
    
  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equities, and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CHS Inc. and its subsidiaries at   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   August 31, 2016   in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2)       presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
  Minneapolis, Minnesota 
  November 3, 2016    
  
   F-1 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  CHS Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  
   F-2 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  CHS Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  
   F-3 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  CHS Inc. and Subsidiaries 

F-4 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITIES 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  CHS Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  
   F-5 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  CHS Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  
   F-6 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1        Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Organization 
    
  CHS Inc. ("CHS", "we", "us", "our") is one of the nation s leading integrated agricultural companies. As a cooperative, CHS is owned by farmers and ranchers and their member cooperatives ("members") across the United States. We also have preferred stockholders that own shares of our various series of preferred stock, which are each listed on the Global Select Market of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ"). See Note 9,   Equities   for more detailed information. 
    
  We buy commodities from and provide products and services to patrons (including member and other non-member customers), both domestic and international. Those products and services include initial agricultural inputs such as fuels, farm supplies, crop nutrients and crop protection products; as well as agricultural outputs that include grains and oilseeds, grain and oilseed processing and food products, and ethanol production and marketing. A portion of our operations are conducted through equity investments and joint ventures whose operating results are not fully consolidated with our results; rather, a proportionate share of the income or loss from those entities is included as a component in our net income under the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CHS and all of our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and limited liability companies. The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  The notes to our consolidated financial statements make reference to our Energy, Ag, Nitrogen Production and Foods reportable segments, as well as our Corporate and Other category, which represents an aggregation of individually immaterial operating segments. The Nitrogen Production reportable segment resulted from our investment in CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC ("CF Nitrogen") in February 2016. The Foods segment resulted from our investment in Ventura Foods, LLC ("Ventura Foods") becoming a significant operating segment in fiscal 2016. See Note 11,   Segment Reporting   for more information. 
    
  Revisions 
    
    In preparing our consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2015, we identified immaterial errors that impacted our previously issued consolidated financial statements. The primary errors related to: 1) incorrect application of Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 840,   Leases   to our lease arrangements and 2) inaccurate presentation of non-cash acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and expenditures for major repairs on our consolidated statements of cash flows. Prior period amounts presented in our consolidated financial statements and the related notes have been revised accordingly, and those revisions are noted where they appear. See Note 18,   Correction of Immaterial Errors   for a more detailed description of the revisions and for comparisons of amounts previously reported to the revised amounts. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results could differ from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions.  
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  Cash equivalents include short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates the carrying value because of the short maturity of the instruments. 
  
   F-7 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Inventories 
    
  Grain, processed grain, oilseed, processed oilseed and other minimally processed soy-based inventories are stated at net realizable values which approximate market values. These inventories are considered to be agricultural commodity inventories that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. Agricultural commodity inventories have quoted market prices in active markets, may be sold without significant further processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. Changes in the net realizable value of merchandisable agricultural commodities inventories are recognized in earnings as a component of cost of goods sold. 
    
  All other inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Costs for inventories produced or modified by us through a manufacturing process include fixed and variable production and raw material costs, and in-bound freight costs for raw materials. Costs for inventories purchased for resale include the cost of products and freight incurred to place the products at our points of sale. The costs of certain energy inventories (wholesale refined products, crude oil and asphalt) are determined on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method; all other inventories of non-grain products purchased for resale are valued on the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") and average cost methods. 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  We enter into various derivative instruments to manage our exposure to movements primarily associated with agricultural commodity prices and freight costs, and to a lesser degree, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. With the exception of certain interest rate swap contracts, which are accounted for as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, our derivative instruments represent economic hedges of price risk for which hedge accounting under ASC Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  , is not applied. Rather, the derivative instruments are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with changes in fair value being recorded directly to earnings, primarily within cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 12,   Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   and Note 13,   Fair Value Measurements   for additional information. 
    
  Although we have certain netting arrangements for our exchange-traded futures and options contracts and certain over-the-counter ("OTC") contracts, we have elected to report our derivative instruments on a gross basis on our Consolidated Balance Sheets under ASC Topic 210-20,   Balance Sheet - Offsetting  .  
    
  Margin Deposits 
    
  Many of our derivative contracts with futures and options brokers require us to make margin deposits of cash or other assets. Subsequent margin deposits may also be necessary when changes in commodity prices result in a loss on the contract value, in order to comply with applicable regulations. Our margin deposit assets are held by external brokers in segregated accounts to support the associated derivative contracts and may be used to fund or partially fund the settlement of those contracts as they expire. Similar to our derivative financial instruments, margin deposits are also reported on a gross basis. 
    
  Supplier Advance Payments 
    
  Supplier advance payments primarily include amounts paid for in-transit grain purchases from suppliers and amounts paid to crop nutrient suppliers to lock in future supply and pricing. 
    
  Investments 
    
  The equity method of accounting is used for joint ventures and other investments in which we are able to exercise significant influence over the entity s operations, but do not have a controlling interest in the entity. Various factors are considered when assessing significant influence, including our ownership interest, representation on the Board of Directors, voting rights, and the impact of commercial arrangements that may exist with the entity.  
    
  The cost method of accounting is used for other investments in which we do not exercise significant influence. Investments in other cooperatives are stated at cost, plus patronage dividends received in the form of capital stock and other equities. Patronage dividends are recorded as a reduction to cost of goods sold at the time qualified written notices of allocation are received.  

F-8 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Investments in other debt and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale financial instruments and are stated at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Investments in debt and equity instruments are carried at amounts that approximate fair values.  
    
  Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method by charges to operations at rates based upon the expected useful lives of individual or groups of assets (  15   to   20   years for land improvements;   20   to   40   years for buildings;   5   to   20   years for machinery and equipment; and   3   to   10   years for office and other). The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the related accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in operations. Expenditures for maintenance and minor repairs and renewals are expensed, while the costs for major maintenance activities are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of time estimated to lapse until the next major maintenance activity occurs. We also capitalize and amortize eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred during the application development stage. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the related accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in operations. 
    
  Property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. This evaluation of recoverability is based on various indicators, including the nature, future economic benefits and geographic locations of the assets, historical or future profitability measures, and other external market conditions. If these indicators suggest that the carrying amounts of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, potential impairment is evaluated using undiscounted estimated future cash flows. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value, an impairment loss would be recognized. An impairment loss would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its fair value.  
    
  We have asset retirement obligations with respect to certain of our refineries and other assets due to various legal obligations to clean and/or dispose of the component parts at the time they are retired. In most cases, these assets can be used for extended and indeterminate periods of time, as long as they are properly maintained and/or upgraded. It is our practice and current intent to maintain refineries and related assets and to continue making improvements to those assets based on technological advances. As a result, we believe our refineries and related assets have indeterminate lives for purposes of estimating asset retirement obligations because dates or ranges of dates upon which we would retire a refinery and related assets cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. When a date or range of dates can reasonably be estimated for the retirement of any component part of a refinery or other asset, we will estimate the cost of performing the retirement activities and record a liability for the fair value of that future cost. 
    
  We have other assets that we may be obligated to dismantle at the end of corresponding lease terms subject to lessor discretion for which we have recorded asset retirement obligations. Based on our estimates of the timing, cost and probability of removal, these obligations are not material.  
    
  Major Maintenance Activities 
    
  Within our Energy segment, major maintenance activities ( turnarounds ) are performed at our Laurel, Montana and McPherson, Kansas refineries regularly. Turnarounds are the planned and required shutdowns of refinery processing units, which include the replacement or overhaul of equipment that have experienced decreased efficiency in resource conversion. Because turnarounds are performed to extend the life, increase the capacity, and/or improve the safety or efficiency of refinery processing assets, we follow the deferral method of accounting for turnarounds. Expenditures for turnarounds are capitalized (deferred) when incurred and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of   2   to   4   years, which is the estimated time lapse between turnarounds. Should the estimated period between turnarounds change, we may be required to amortize the remaining cost of the turnaround over a shorter period, which would result in higher depreciation and amortization costs. Capitalized turnaround costs are included in other assets (long-term) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortization expense related to the capitalized turnaround costs is included in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

F-9 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

The selection of the deferral method, as opposed to expensing the turnaround costs when incurred, results in deferring recognition of the turnaround expenditures. The deferral method also results in the classification of the related cash outflows as investing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, whereas expensing these costs as incurred, would result in classifying the cash outflows as operating activities. Repair, maintenance and related labor costs are expensed as incurred and are included in operating cash flows. 
    
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Goodwill and other intangible assets are included in other assets (long-term) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of May 31, or more frequently if events or circumstances occur which could indicate impairment. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which has been determined to be our operating segments or one level below our operating segments in certain instances. 
    
  Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer lists, trademarks and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets subject to amortization are expensed over their respective useful lives, which generally range from   2   to   30   years. We have no material intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. See Note 6,   Other Assets   for more information on goodwill and other intangible assets. 
    
  We made acquisitions during the three years ended August 31, 2016, which were accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Operating results for these acquisitions were included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on the respective acquisition dates. The respective purchase prices were preliminarily allocated to the assets, liabilities and identifiable intangible assets acquired based upon the acquisition-date fair values. Any excess purchase price over the fair values of the acquired net assets acquired was recognized as goodwill. See Note 17,   Acquisitions   for more information on acquisition activity. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  We provide a wide variety of products and services, from agricultural inputs such as fuels, farm supplies and crop nutrients, to agricultural outputs that include grain and oilseed, processed grains and oilseeds and food products, and ethanol production and marketing. We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Grain and oilseed sales are recorded after the commodity has been delivered to its destination and final weights, grades and settlement prices have been agreed upon. All other sales are recognized upon transfer of title, which could occur either upon shipment to or receipt by the customer, depending upon the terms of the transaction. Shipping and handling amounts billed to a customer as part of a sales transaction are included in revenues and the related costs are included in cost of goods sold.  
    
  Environmental Expenditures 
    
  We are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending on their future economic benefit. Liabilities, including legal costs, related to remediation of contaminated properties are recognized when the related costs are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. Estimates of environmental costs are based on current available facts, existing technology, undiscounted site-specific costs and currently enacted laws and regulations. Recoveries, if any, are recorded in the period in which recovery is received. Liabilities are monitored and adjusted as new facts or changes in law or technology occur. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  CHS is a nonexempt agricultural cooperative and files a consolidated federal income tax return with our   80%   or more owned subsidiaries. We are subject to tax on income from nonpatronage sources, non-qualified patronage distributions and undistributed patronage-sourced income. Income tax expense is primarily the current tax payable for the period and the change during the period in certain deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and such amounts recognized for federal and state income tax purposes, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  

F-10 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Adopted 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  . ASU No. 2015-17 clarifies and simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. This ASU is effective for us beginning September 1, 2017, for our fiscal year 2018 and for interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. We elected to early adopt ASU 2015-17 effective August 31, 2016 on a prospective basis. Adoption of ASU No. 2015-17 resulted in the netting of our current deferred tax assets against our non-current deferred tax assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of August 31, 2016. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. See Note 8,   Income Taxes   for more information on the adoption of ASU No. 2015-17. 
    
  Not Yet Adopted 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows   (Topic 230):   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   This ASU is intended to reduce existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for us beginning September 1, 2018, for our fiscal year 2019 and for interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted, including in an interim period. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses   (Topic 326)  : Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . The amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses. This ASU is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses. This ASU is effective for us beginning September 1, 2020, for our fiscal year 2021 and for interim periods within that fiscal year. Entities may early adopt beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases   (Topic 842), which replaces the existing guidance in ASC 840     Leases  . This ASU requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of use asset and a corresponding lease liability. For finance leases, the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset, and for operating leases, the lessee would recognize a straight-line total lease expense. This ASU is effective for us beginning September 1, 2019, for our fiscal year 2020 and for interim periods within that fiscal year. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
           
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU No. 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires an entity to disclose sufficient qualitative and quantitative information surrounding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts from customers. This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition   and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14 delaying the effective date for adoption. This ASU is now effective for us beginning September 1, 2018, for our fiscal year 2019 and for interim periods within that fiscal year. Subsequently, the FASB issued ASUs in 2016 containing implementation guidance related to ASU No. 2014-09, including: ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which is intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations; ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , which is intended to clarify two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance; and ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  , which contains certain provision and practical expedients in response to identified implementation issues. We will adopt ASU No. 2014-09 and the related ASUs on September 1, 2018, in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Early application as of the original date is permitted. ASU No. 2014-09 permits the use of either the full or modified retrospective method. We are evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.  

F-11 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 2        Receivables 
    
  Receivables as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Trade accounts receivable are initially recorded at a selling price, which approximates fair value, upon the sale of goods or services to customers. Subsequently, trade accounts receivable are carried at net realizable value, which includes an allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs, level of past due accounts, and our relationships with, and the economic status of, our customers. The carrying value of CHS Capital, LLC ("CHS Capital") short-term notes receivable approximates fair value, given the notes' short duration and the use of market pricing adjusted for risk. 
    
  CHS Capital, our wholly-owned subsidiary, has short-term notes receivable from commercial and producer borrowers. The short-term notes receivable generally have maturity terms of   12  -  14   months and are reported at their outstanding principal balances, as CHS Capital holds these notes to maturity. The short-term notes receivable are collateralized by various combinations of mortgages, personal property, accounts and notes receivable, inventories and assignments of certain regional cooperative s capital stock. These loans are primarily originated in the states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, North Dakota and Michigan. CHS Capital also has loans receivable from producer borrowers which are collateralized by various combinations of growing crops, livestock, inventories, accounts receivable, personal property and supplemental mortgages. In addition to the short-term balances included in the table above, CHS Capital had long-term notes receivable, with durations of generally not more than   10 years  , totaling $  322.4 million   and $  190.4 million   at   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The long-term notes receivable are included in other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , the commercial notes represented   26%   and   34%  , respectively, and the producer notes represented   74%   and   66%  , respectively, of the total CHS Capital notes receivable. 
    
  CHS Capital evaluates the collectability of both commercial and producer notes on a specific identification basis, based on the amount and quality of the collateral obtained, and records specific loan loss reserves when appropriate. A general reserve is also maintained based on historical loss experience and various qualitative factors. In total, the specific and general loan loss reserves related to CHS Capital are not material to our consolidated financial statements, nor are the associated historical write-offs. The accrual of interest income is discontinued at the time the loan is   90   days past due unless the credit is well-collateralized and in process of collection. The amount of CHS Capital notes that were past due was not significant at any reporting date presented. As of   August 31, 2016  , a single producer borrower accounted for   20%   of the total outstanding CHS Capital short-term and long-term notes receivable. These notes were originated in the midwestern region of the United States and are collateralized by inventories, personal property and mortgages, which CHS Capital has access to physically inspect. No other third party borrower accounted for more than   10%   of the total outstanding CHS Capital notes receivable. 
    
  CHS Capital has commitments to extend credit to customers as long as there are no violations of any contractually established conditions. As of   August 31, 2016  , CHS Capital's customers have additional available credit of $  1.0 billion  . 

F-12 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 3        Inventories 
    
  Inventories as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

As of   August 31, 2016  , we valued approximately   19%   of inventories, primarily crude oil and refined fuels within our Energy segment, using the lower of cost, determined on the LIFO method, or market (  18%   as of   August 31, 2015  ). If the FIFO method of accounting had been used, inventories would have been higher than the reported amount by $  93.9 million   and $  68.1 million   at   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

Note 4        Investments 
    
  Investments as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Joint ventures and other investments, in which we have significant ownership and influence, but not control, are accounted for in our consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Our significant equity method investments are summarized below. 
       
  On February 1, 2016, we invested   $2.8 billion   in CF Nitrogen, commencing our strategic venture with CF Industries Holdings, Inc. The investment consists of an   11.4%   membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen. We also entered into an   80  -year supply agreement that entitles us to purchase up to   1.1 million   tons of granular urea and   580,000   tons of urea ammonium nitrate ("UAN") annually from CF Nitrogen for ratable delivery. Our purchases under the supply agreement are based on prevailing market prices and we receive semi-annual cash distributions (in January and July of each year) from CF Nitrogen via our membership interest. These distributions are based on actual volumes purchased from CF Nitrogen under the strategic venture and will have the effect of reducing our investment to   zero   over   80   years on a straight-line basis. We account for this investment using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method, recognizing our share of the earnings and losses of CF Nitrogen based upon our contractual claims on the entity's net assets pursuant to the liquidation provisions of CF Nitrogen's Limited Liability Company Agreement, adjusted for the semi-annual cash distributions. For the year ended   August 31, 2016  , this amount was   $74.7 million  , and is included as equity income from investments in our Nitrogen Production segment. 

F-13 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

The following tables provide aggregate summarized audited financial information for CF Nitrogen for the balance sheet as of   August 31, 2016  , and the statement of operations for the seven months ended   August 31, 2016  : 

We have a   50%   interest in Ventura Foods, LLC, a joint venture which produces and distributes primarily vegetable oil-based products, and which constitutes our Foods segment. We account for Ventura Foods as an equity method investment, and as of   August 31, 2016  , our carrying value of Ventura Foods exceeded our share of its equity by   $12.9 million  , which represents equity method goodwill.  
    
  During the first three quarters of fiscal 2014, we had a   24%   interest in Horizon Milling, LLC and Horizon Milling, ULC ("Horizon Milling"), which were flour milling joint ventures with Cargill, Incorporated ("Cargill") and were accounted for as equity method investments included in Corporate and Other. In the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we formed Ardent Mills LLC ("Ardent Mills"), a joint venture with Cargill and ConAgra Foods, Inc., which combined the North American flour milling operations of the three parent companies, including the Horizon Milling assets and CHS-owned mills, with CHS holding a   12%   interest in Ardent Mills. Prior to closing, we contributed   $32.8 million   to Horizon Milling to pay off existing debt as a pre-condition to close. Upon closing, Ardent Mills was financed with funds from third-party borrowings, which did not require credit support from the owners. We received   $121.2 million   of cash proceeds distributed to us in proportion to our ownership interest, adjusted for deviations in specified working capital target amounts, and recognized a gain of   $109.2 million   associated with this transaction. In connection with the closing, the parties also entered into various ancillary and non-compete agreements including, among other things, an agreement for us to supply Ardent Mills with certain wheat and durum products. As we hold one of the five board seats, we account for Ardent Mills as an equity method investment included in Corporate and Other.  
    
  TEMCO, LLC ("TEMCO") is owned and governed by Cargill (  50%  ) and CHS (  50%  ). During the year ended August 31, 2012, we entered into an amended and restated agreement to expand the scope of the original agreement with Cargill. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, CHS and Cargill each agreed to commit to sell all of their feedgrains, wheat, oilseeds and by-product origination that are tributary to the Pacific Northwest, United States ("Pacific Northwest") to TEMCO and to use TEMCO as their exclusive export-marketing vehicle for such grains exported through the Pacific Northwest for a term of   25 years  . Cargill's Tacoma, Washington and Portland Oregon facilities continues to be subleased to TEMCO. We account for TEMCO as an equity method investment included in our Ag segment.  
    
  The following tables provide aggregate summarized audited financial information for our major equity method investments in Ventura Foods, Ardent Mills and TEMCO for balance sheets as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , and statements of operations for the twelve months ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  : 

F-14 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Our investments in equity method investees other than the four entities described above are not significant in relation to our consolidated financial statements, either individually or in the aggregate. 

Note 5        Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  As of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , major classes of property, plant and equipment, which include capital lease assets, consisted of the amounts in the table below.  

We have various assets under capital leases totaling   $206.3 million   and   $222.2 million   as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Accumulated amortization on assets under capital leases was   $103.3 million   and   $101.3 million   as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  The following is a schedule by fiscal years of future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of   August 31, 2016  : 

We announced in September 2014 that our Board of Directors had approved plans to begin construction of a fertilizer manufacturing plant in Spiritwood, North Dakota that was anticipated to cost more than   $3.0 billion  . In August 2015, we made the decision to not move forward with the construction of the Spiritwood facility and evaluated the assets and other capitalized costs related to the project for recoverability under ASC Topic 360-10. Consequently, we concluded that these assets were impaired and we recorded an overall charge of   $116.5 million   in marketing, general and administrative costs in our Ag segment. This charge was primarily comprised of the impairment of construction-in-progress, land and equipment totaling  
  
   F-15 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

$94.3 million  . The remainder of the charge included the impairment of other assets and various contract termination costs associated with the cessation of the project. 
       
  Depreciation expense, including amortization of capital lease assets, for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , was $  437.6 million  , $  344.4 million   and $  292.4 million  , respectively. 

Note 6        Other Assets 
       
  Other assets as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill for the year ended   August 31, 2016  , by segment, are as follows: 

(1)    Includes measurement period adjustments related to current and prior year acquisitions. Goodwill acquired during the period was   $0.4 million  . 
    
    No   goodwill has been allocated to our Nitrogen Production or Foods segments, which consist of investments accounted for under the equity method. 
    
  During the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , we had acquisitions which resulted in   $9.8 million   and   $0.4 million   of goodwill, respectively, for which we paid cash consideration of   $11.9 million   and   $305.2 million  , respectively. These acquisitions were primarily within our Ag segment and were not material, individually or in aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. During the year ended   August 31, 2016  , we disposed of a business resulting in a reduction of   $0.7 million   of goodwill. There were no business disposals resulting in decreases to goodwill during fiscal   2015  .  

F-16 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Intangible assets subject to amortization primarily include customer lists, trademarks and non-compete agreements, and are amortized over their respective useful lives (ranging from   2   to   30   years). Information regarding intangible assets included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets is as follows: 

During the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , intangible assets acquired totaled   $2.8 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively, and were primarily within our Ag segment. 
    
  Intangible assets amortization expense for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , was   $6.1 million  ,   $7.3 million   and   $9.7 million  , respectively. The estimated annual amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization for the next five years is as follows: 

The costs of turnarounds in our Energy segment are deferred when incurred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of time estimated to lapse until the next turnaround occurs, which is generally   2   to   4   years. Capitalized amounts are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortization expense related to turnaround costs is included in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Activity related to capitalized major maintenance costs is summarized below: 

Note 7        Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt 
    
  Our notes payable and long-term debt are subject to various restrictive requirements for maintenance of minimum consolidated net worth and other financial ratios. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of   August 31, 2016  . 

F-17 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Notes Payable 
    
  Notes payable as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following: 

_______________________________________ 
            (a)   
    In September 2015, we amended and restated our primary committed line of credit which is a   $3.0 billion   five-year, unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndication of domestic and international banks that expires in September 2020. The outstanding balance on this facility was   $700.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016  . There was no outstanding balance on the predecessor facility as of August 31, 2015. Amounts borrowed under this facility primarily bear interest at base rates (or London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR")) plus applicable margins ranging from   0.00%   to   1.45%  . 
     In December 2015, we entered into   three   bilateral, uncommitted revolving credit facilities with an aggregate capacity of   $1.3 billion  . As of   August 31, 2016  , the aggregate capacity is   $600 million  . Amounts borrowed under these short-term lines are used to fund our working capital and bear interest at base rates (or London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR")) plus applicable margins ranging from   0.25%   to   1.00%  . As of   August 31, 2016  , outstanding borrowings under these facilities were   $300.0 million  .  
  In addition to our primary revolving line of credit, we have a three-year   $325.0 million   committed revolving pre-export credit facility for CHS Agronegocio Industria e Comercio Ltda ("CHS Agronegocio"), our wholly-owned subsidiary, to provide financing for its working capital needs arising from its purchases and sales of grains, fertilizers and other agricultural products which expires in April 2019. As of   August 31, 2016  , the outstanding balance under the facility was   $260.0 million  . 
  As of   August 31, 2016  , our wholly-owned subsidiaries, CHS Europe S.a.r.l and CHS Agronegocio, had uncommitted lines of credit with   $290.1 million   outstanding. In addition, our other international subsidiaries had lines of credit with a total of   $252.1 million   outstanding as of   August 31, 2016  , of which   $27.7 million   was collateralized.     
  We have   two   commercial paper programs with an aggregate capacity of   $125.0 million  , with   two   banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. Terms of our credit facilities do not allow them to be used to pay principal under a commercial paper facility. On   August 31, 2016   we had   no   commercial paper outstanding.  
  Miscellaneous short-term notes payable totaled   $1.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016  .  
            (b)   
    Cofina Funding, LLC ("Cofina Funding"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CHS Capital, has available credit totaling   $850.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016  , under note purchase agreements with various purchasers and through the issuance of short-term notes payable. CHS Capital and CHS Inc. both sell eligible receivables they have originated to Cofina Funding, which are then pledged as collateral under the note purchase agreements. The notes payable issued by Cofina Funding bear interest at variable rates based on commercial paper with a weighted average rate of   1.40%   as of   August 31, 2016  . There were   $550.0 million   in borrowings by Cofina Funding utilizing the issuance of commercial paper under the note purchase agreements as of   August 31, 2016  .  
     CHS Capital has available credit under master participation agreements with numerous counterparties. Borrowings under these agreements are accounted for as secured borrowings and bear interest at variable rates ranging from   1.90%   to   2.50%   as of   August 31, 2016  . As of   August 31, 2016  , the total funding commitment under these agreements was   $116.9 million  , of which   $24.9 million   was borrowed. 
  CHS Capital sells loan commitments it has originated to ProPartners Financial ("ProPartners") on a recourse basis. The total capacity for commitments under the ProPartners program is   $265.0 million  . The total outstanding commitments under the program totaled   $183.5 million   as of   August 31, 2016  , of which   $122.3 million   was borrowed under these commitments with an interest rate of   1.67%  .  
  CHS Capital borrows funds under short-term notes issued as part of a surplus funds program. Borrowings under this program are unsecured and bear interest at variable rates ranging from   0.10%   to   0.90%   as of   August 31, 2016  , and are due upon demand. Borrowings under these notes totaled   $231.2 million   as of   August 31, 2016  .  
  
   F-18 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Long-Term Debt 
    
  Amounts included in long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are presented in the table below.  

_______________________________________ 
    
            (a)   
    We have entered into interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedging relationships with these notes. Changes in the fair value of the swaps are recorded each period with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying value of the debt. See Note 12,   Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   for more information. 
               (b)   
    Borrowings are variable under the agreement and bear interest at a base rate (or a LIBO rate) plus an applicable margin. 
     As of   August 31, 2016  , the carrying value of our long-term debt approximated its fair value, which is estimated to be   $2.1 billion   based on quoted market prices of similar debt (a Level 2 fair value measurement based on the classification hierarchy of ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement  ). We have outstanding interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of select portions of our fixed-rate debt. During fiscal 2016, we recorded corresponding fair value adjustments of   $9.8 million  , which are included in the amounts in the table above. See Note 12,   Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   for additional information. 

F-19 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

In September 2015, we entered into a   ten  -year term loan with a syndication of banks. The agreement provides for committed term loans in an amount up to   $600.0 million  . The full amount was drawn down in January 2016. Amounts drawn under this agreement that are subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Principal on the term loans is payable in full on September 4, 2025. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a base rate (or a LIBO rate) plus an applicable margin, or at a fixed rate of interest determined and quoted by the administrative agent under the agreement in its sole and absolute discretion from time to time. The applicable margin is based on our leverage ratio and ranges between   1.50%   and   2.00%   for LIBO rate loans and between   0.50%   and   1.00%   for base rate loans. As of   August 31, 2016  ,   $300.0 million   was outstanding under this agreement.  
    
  In January 2016, we consummated a private placement of long-term notes in the aggregate principal amount of   $680.0 million   with certain accredited investors, which long-term notes are layered into six series which are included in the table above. 
    
  In June 2016, we amended the   ten  -year term loan so that   $300.0 million   of the   $600.0 million   loan balance possesses a revolving feature, whereby we can pay down and re-advance an amount up to the referenced   $300.0 million  . The revolving feature matures on September 1, 2017, and the total funded loan balance on that day reverts to a non-revolving term loan. No other material changes were made to the original terms and conditions of the   ten  -year term loan. 
    
  Long-term debt outstanding as of   August 31, 2016   has aggregate maturities, excluding fair value adjustments and capital leases (see Note 5,   Property, Plant and Equipment   for a schedule of minimum future lease payments under capital leases), as follows: 

The following table presents the components of interest expense, net for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . We have previously revised amounts for the year ended August 31, 2014 in this table to include interest expense related to capital lease obligations that were previously accounted for as operating leases. See Note 18,   Correction of Immaterial Errors   for more information on the nature and amounts of these revisions. 

In fiscal 2015, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedging instruments that were terminated in fiscal 2016 as the issuance of the underlying debt was no longer probable. As a result, a $  3.7 million   loss was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income. This pre-tax loss is included as a component of interest expense in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended August 31, 2016.  
       
  In fiscal 2013, we entered into derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments that were terminated in fiscal 2014 as the issuance of the underlying debt was no longer probable. As a result, a   $13.5 million   gain was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income. This pre-tax gain is included as a component of interest expense in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended August 31, 2014.  

F-20 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 8        Income Taxes 
    
  The provision for income taxes for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is as follows: 

Deferred taxes are comprised of basis differences related to investments, accrued liabilities and certain federal and state tax credits. 
    
  Domestic income before income taxes was   $490.8 million  ,   $824.9 million  , and   $1.2 billion   for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Foreign activity made up the difference between the total income before income taxes and the domestic amounts. 
    
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

We have total gross loss carry forwards of   $676.6 million  , of which   $425.7 million   will expire over periods ranging from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2038. The remainder will carry forward indefinitely. Based on estimates of future taxable profits and losses in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, we determined that a valuation allowance was required for specific foreign loss carry forwards as of   August 31, 2016  . If these estimates prove inaccurate, a change in the valuation allowance, up or down, could be required in the future. During fiscal   2016  , valuation allowances related to foreign operations increased by   $40.6 million   due to  
  
   F-21 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

net operating loss carry forwards and other timing differences. CHS McPherson's (formerly known as NCRA) gross state tax credit carry forwards for income tax are approximately   $133.5 million   and   $62.2 million   as of   August 31, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. During the year ended   August 31, 2016  , the valuation allowance for CHS McPherson increased by   $55.6 million  , net of tax, due to a change in the amount of state tax credits that are estimated to be utilized. The significant increase in state tax credit carry forwards is the result of the refinery coker at CHS McPherson being placed in service during fiscal 2016, resulting in a corresponding increase in valuation allowance. CHS McPherson's valuation allowance on Kansas state credits is necessary due to the limited amount of Kansas taxable income generated by the combined group on an annual basis.  
    
  Our alternative minimum tax credit of   $5.6 million   will not expire. Our general business credits of   $64.5 million  , comprised primarily of low sulfur diesel credits, will begin to expire on   August 31, 2027  . Our state tax credits of   $133.5 million   will begin to expire on August 31, 2018. 
    
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we elected to early adopt ASU No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  , which requires deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. Our adoption of ASU No. 2015-17 is done on a prospective basis. As of   August 31, 2016  , net deferred tax assets of   $2.5 million   were included in other assets. As of   August 31, 2015  , net deferred tax assets of   $85.0 million   and   $1.6 million   were included in other current assets and other assets, respectively. 
       
  The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rates to the effective tax rates for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is as follows: 

During fiscal 2016, we recorded a deferred income tax benefit of   $25.6 million   due to a settlement with the Internal Revenue Service on a fiscal 2006 and 2007 tax matter. 
       
  We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. Our uncertain tax positions are affected by the tax years that are under audit or remain subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. In addition to the current year, fiscal 2007 through 2015 remain subject to examination, at least for certain issues. 
    
  We account for our income tax provisions in accordance with ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes  , which prescribes a minimum threshold that a tax provision is required to meet before being recognized in our consolidated financial statements. This interpretation requires us to recognize in our consolidated financial statements tax positions determined more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. Reconciliation of the gross beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the periods presented follows: 

F-22 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

During fiscal 2016, we decreased our unrecognized tax benefits due to the settlement with the Internal Revenue Service mentioned above. In addition, we increased our unrecognized tax benefits for excise tax credits related to the blending and sale of renewable fuels deducted for income taxes. 
    
  If we were to prevail on all tax positions taken relating to uncertain tax positions, all of the unrecognized tax benefits would benefit the effective tax rate. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 
    
  We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our provision for income taxes.   No   amounts were recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and 2014. We recorded   no   interest payable related to unrecognized tax benefits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

Note 9        Equities 
    
  In accordance with our bylaws and by action of the Board of Directors, annual net earnings from patronage sources are distributed to consenting patrons following the close of each fiscal year, and are based on amounts using financial statement earnings. The cash portion of the qualified patronage distribution is determined annually by the Board of Directors, with the balance issued in the form of qualified and non-qualified capital equity certificates. Total qualified patronage distributions refunds for fiscal   2016   are estimated to be   $279.0 million  , with the cash portion estimated to be   $111.6 million  . No portion will be issued in the form of non-qualified capital equity certificates. The actual patronage distributions and cash portion for fiscal   2015  ,   2014  , and   2013   were $  627.2 million   (  $251.7 million   in cash), $  821.5 million   (  $271.2 million   in cash), and   $841.1 million   (  $286.8 million   in cash), respectively. 
    
  Annual net savings from patronage or other sources may be added to the unallocated capital reserve or, upon action by the Board of Directors, may be allocated to members in the form of nonpatronage equity certificates. The Board of Directors authorized, in accordance with our bylaws, that   10%   of the earnings from patronage business for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   be added to our capital reserves. 
    
  Redemptions are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Redemptions of capital equity certificates approved by the Board of Directors are divided into   two   pools, one for non-individuals (primarily member cooperatives) who may participate in an annual retirement program for qualified equities held by them and another for individual members who are eligible for equity redemptions at age   70   or upon death. Beginning with fiscal 2017 patronage (for which distributions will be made in fiscal 2018), individuals will also be able to participate in an annual retirement program similar to the one that was previously only available to non-individual members. In accordance with authorization from the Board of Directors, we expect total redemptions related to the year ended August 31,   2016   that will be distributed in fiscal   2017  , to be approximately   $40.0 million  . Additionally, we expect to redeem approximately   $18.6 million   of redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2015 earnings that are carried over from the previous year s authorization which had not been previously distributed. The redemptions will also be distributed in fiscal 2017 and are classified as a current liability on our   August 31, 2016   Consolidated Balance Sheet. For the years ended August 31,   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we redeemed in cash, equities in accordance with authorization from the Board of Directors, in the amounts of $  23.9 million  , $  128.9 million   and $  99.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  In March 2016, we redeemed approximately   $76.8 million   of patrons' equities by issuing   2,693,195   shares of Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1 ("Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock"), with a total redemption value of   $67.3 million  , excluding accumulated dividends. Each share of Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock was issued in redemption of   $28.50   of patrons' equities in the form of capital equity certificates. Additionally, in fiscal 2014, we redeemed   $200.0 million   of patrons' equities by issuing   6,752,188   shares of our Class B Series 1 Preferred Stock, with each share being issued in redemption of   $29.62   of patrons' equities in the form of members' equity certificates. 

F-23 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Preferred Stock     
       
  The following is a summary of our outstanding preferred stock as of   August 31, 2016  , all of which are listed on the Global Select Market of NASDAQ: 

(a)   
    Includes patrons' equities redeemed with preferred stock. 
                 (d)   
    Preferred stock is redeemable for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at a per share price equal to the per share liquidation preference of   $25.00   per share, plus all dividends accumulated and unpaid on that share to and including the date of redemption, beginning on the dates set forth in this column. 
         
  In June 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Under the shelf registration statement, which has been declared effective by the SEC, we may offer and sell, from time to time, up to   $2.0 billion   of our Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock over a three-year period. As of   August 31, 2016  ,   $990.0 million   of our Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock remained available for issuance under the shelf registration statement.  
       
  We made dividend payments on our preferred stock of   $163.3 million  ,   $133.7 million  , and   $50.8 million  , during the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As of   August 31, 2016   we have no authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 

F-24 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component, net of tax, for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   are as follows: 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were related to pension and other postretirement benefits, cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation adjustments, and were recorded to net income. Pension and other postretirement reclassifications include amortization of net actuarial loss, prior service credit and transition amounts and are recorded as marketing, general and administrative expenses (see Note 10,   Benefit Plans   for further information).  
    
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, interest rate swaps, which were previously accounted for as cash flow hedges, were terminated as the issuance of the underlying debt was no longer probable. As a result, a   $3.7 million   loss was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income. This pre-tax loss is included as a component of interest expense, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended August 31, 2016. 
    
  In fiscal 2014, interest rate swaps, which were previously accounted for as cash flow hedges, were terminated as the issuance of the underlying debt was no longer probable. As a result, a   $13.5 million   gain was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income. This pre-tax gain is included as a component of interest expense, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended August 31, 2014. 

F-25 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 10        Benefit Plans 
    
  We have various pension and other defined benefit and defined contribution plans, in which substantially all employees may participate. We also have non-qualified supplemental executive and Board retirement plans. 
    
  Financial information on changes in benefit obligation, plan assets funded and balance sheets status as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

The accumulated benefit obligation of the qualified pension plans was $  766.2 million   and $  693.9 million   at   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation of the non-qualified pension plans was $  23.7 million   and $  23.6 million   at   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

F-26 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

One significant assumption for pension plan accounting is the discount rate. Historically, we have selected a discount rate each year (as of our fiscal year-end measurement date) for our plans based upon a high-quality corporate bond yield curve for which the cash flows from coupons and maturities match the year-by-year projected benefit cash flows for our pension plans. The corporate bond yield curve is comprised of high-quality fixed income debt instruments available at the measurement date. At August 31, 2016, we changed to use an individual spot-rate approach, discussed below. This alternative approach focuses on measuring the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost by using individual spot rates derived from a high-quality corporate bond yield curve and matched with separate cash flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach. 
  As of   August 31, 2016  , we changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other post retirement benefits. This change in methodology is expected to result in a decrease in the service and interest cost components for the pension and other post retirement benefit costs beginning in fiscal 2017. We historically estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Beginning in 2017, we elected to utilize a full-yield curve approach in the determination of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. We elected to make this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. This change does not affect the measurement of our total benefit obligations at   August 31, 2016  , the net periodic cost recognized in fiscal 2016 or the ultimate benefit payment that must be made in the future. We have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and, accordingly, have accounted for it on a prospective basis. 
       
  Components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   are as follows: 

The estimated amortization in fiscal   2017   from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost is as follows: 

For measurement purposes, a   7.6%   annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for the year ended   August 31, 2016  . The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to   4.5%   by   2025   and remain at that level thereafter.  

F-27 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. A one-percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

We provide defined life insurance and health care benefits for certain retired employees and Board of Directors participants. The plan is contributory based on years of service and family status, with retiree contributions adjusted annually. 
    
  We have other contributory defined contribution plans covering substantially all employees. Total contributions by us to these plans were $  29.5 million  , $  27.4 million   and $  24.6 million  , for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  We voluntarily contributed $  43.3 million   to qualified pension plans in fiscal   2016  . Based on the funded status of the qualified pension plans as of   August 31, 2016  , we do not believe we will be required to contribute to these plans in fiscal   2017  , although we may voluntarily elect to do so. We expect to pay $  4.4 million   to participants of the non-qualified pension and postretirement benefit plans during fiscal   2017  . 
    
  Our retiree benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are anticipated to be paid as follows: 

We have trusts that hold the assets for the defined benefit plans. CHS has a qualified plan committee that sets investment guidelines with the assistance of external consultants. Investment objectives for the plans' assets are as follows: 
             
    optimization of the long-term returns on plan assets at an acceptable level of risk; 
                
    maintenance of a broad diversification across asset classes and among investment managers; and 
                
    focus on long-term return objectives. 
       
  Asset allocation targets promote optimal expected return and volatility characteristics given the long-term time horizon for fulfilling the obligations of the pension plans. Our pension plans' investment policy strategy is such that liabilities match assets. This is being accomplished through the asset portfolio mix by reducing volatility and de-risking the plans. The plans  target allocation percentages range between   35%   and   55%   for fixed income securities, and range between   45%   and   65%   for equity securities. An annual analysis of the risk versus the return of the investment portfolio is conducted to justify the expected long-term rate of return assumption. We generally use long-term historical return information for the targeted asset mix identified in asset and liability studies. Adjustments are made to the expected long-term rate of return assumption, when deemed necessary, based upon revised expectations of future investment performance of the overall investment markets. 
    
  The discount rate reflects the rate at which the associated benefits could be effectively settled as of the measurement date. In estimating this rate, we look at rates of return on fixed-income investments of similar duration to the liabilities in the plans that receive high, investment-grade ratings by recognized ratings agencies. 
    
  The investment portfolio contains a diversified portfolio of investment categories, including domestic and international equities, fixed-income securities and real estate. Securities are also diversified in terms of domestic and international securities, short and long-term securities, growth and value equities, large and small cap stocks, as well as active and passive management styles. 
  
   F-28 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

The committees believe that with prudent risk tolerance and asset diversification, the plans should be able to meet pension obligations in the future. 

Our pension plans  recurring fair value measurements by asset category at   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are presented in the tables below: 

(1)   
     In accordance with ASC Topic 820-10,   Fair Value Measurements  , certain assets that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the tables above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of net assets. 
       
  Definitions for valuation levels are found in Note 13,   Fair Value Measurements  . We use the following valuation methodologies for assets measured at fair value. 
    
  Mutual funds:    Valued at quoted market prices, which are based on the net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end. Mutual funds traded in active markets are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain of the mutual fund investments held by the plan have observable inputs other than Level 1 and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Mutual funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASC Topic 820-10,   Fair Value Measurement  . 
    
  Common/Collective Trusts:    Common/Collective trusts primarily consist of equity and fixed income funds and are valued using other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar investments, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risks, referenced indices, quoted prices in inactive markets, adjusted quoted prices in active markets, adjusted quoted prices on foreign equity securities that were adjusted in accordance with pricing procedures approved by the trust, etc.).  
  
   F-29 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Common/Collective trust investments can be redeemed daily and without restriction. Redemption of the entire investment balance generally requires a 45 to 60 day notice period. The equity funds provide exposure to large, mid and small cap U.S. equities, international large and small cap equities and emerging market equities. The fixed income funds provide exposure to U.S., international and emerging market debt securities. Common/Collective trusts measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASC Topic 820-10,   Fair Value Measurement  . 
    
    Partnership and joint venture interests:    Valued at the net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end as a practical expedient for fair value. The net asset value is based on the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the trust, minus its liabilities then divided by the number of units outstanding. Redemptions of these interests generally require a 45 to 60 day notice period. Partnerships and joint venture interests measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASC Topic 820-10,   Fair Value Measurement. 
    
  Other assets  :  Other assets primarily includes real estate funds and hedge funds held in the asset portfolio of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. Other funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASC Topic 820-10,   Fair Value Measurement. 
    
  We are   one   of approximately   400   employers that contribute to the Co-op Retirement Plan ("Co-op Plan"), which is a defined benefit plan constituting a  multiple employer plan  under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and a  multiemployer plan  under the accounting standards. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 
             
    Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; 
                
    If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers; and  
                
    If we choose to stop participating in the multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
       
  Our participation in the Co-op Plan for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   is outlined in the table below: 

Our contributions for the years stated above did not represent more than   5%   of total contributions to the Co-op Plan as indicated in the Co-op Plan's most recently available annual report (Form 5500). 
    
  The Pension Protection Act of 2006 ("PPA") does not apply to the Co-op Plan because it is covered and defined as a single-employer plan. There is a special exemption for cooperative plans defining them as a the single-employer plan as long as the plan is maintained by more than one employer and at least   85%   of the employers are rural cooperatives or cooperative organizations owned by agricultural producers. In the Co-op Plan, a  zone status  determination is not required, and therefore not determined. In addition, the accumulated benefit obligations and plan assets are not determined or allocated separately by individual employers. The most recent financial statements available in   2016   and   2015   are for the Co-op Plan's year-end at March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In total, the Co-op Plan was at least   80%   funded on those dates based on the total plan assets and accumulated benefit obligations.  
    
  Because the provisions of the PPA do not apply to the Co-op Plan, funding improvement plans and surcharges are not applicable. Future contribution requirements are determined each year as part of the actuarial valuation of the plan and may change as a result of plan experience. 
    
  In addition to the contributions to the Co-op Plan listed above, total contributions to individually insignificant multi-employer pension plans were immaterial in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 

F-30 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 11        Segment Reporting 
    
  We are an integrated agricultural enterprise, providing grain, foods and energy resources to businesses and consumers on a global basis. We provide a wide variety of products and services, from initial agricultural inputs such as fuels, farm supplies, crop nutrients and crop protection products, to agricultural outputs that include grains and oilseeds, grain and oilseed processing and food products, and the production and marketing of ethanol. We define our operating segments in accordance with ASC Topic 280,   Segment Reporting  , to reflect the manner in which our chief operating decision maker, our Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance and allocates resources in managing the business. We have aggregated those operating segments into four reportable segments: Energy, Ag, Nitrogen Production and Foods. 
    
  Our Energy segment produces and provides primarily for the wholesale distribution of petroleum products and transportation of those products. Our Ag segment purchases and further processes or resells grains and oilseeds originated by our country operations business, by our member cooperatives and by third parties; serves as a wholesaler and retailer of crop inputs; and produces and markets ethanol. Our Nitrogen Production segment consists solely of our equity method investment in CF Nitrogen, which was completed in February 2016 and which entitles us, pursuant to a supply agreement that we entered into with CF Nitrogen, to purchase granular urea and UAN annually from CF Nitrogen to a specified annual quantity. The addition of the Nitrogen Production segment had no impact on historically reported segment results and balances as this segment came into existence in fiscal 2016. Our Foods segment consists solely of our equity method investment in Ventura Foods. In prior years Ventura Foods was reported as a component of Corporate and Other because it was an insignificant operating segment. Historically reported segment results and balances have been revised to reflect the addition of the Foods segment. There were no changes to the composition of our Energy or Ag segments as a result of the addition of the Nitrogen Production or Foods segments. Corporate and Other primarily represents our non-consolidated wheat milling operations, as well as our business solutions operations, which consists of commodities hedging, insurance and financial services related to crop production. 
    
  Corporate administrative expenses and interest are allocated to each business segment, and Corporate and Other, based on direct usage for services that can be tracked, such as information technology and legal, and other factors or considerations relevant to the costs incurred. 
    
  Prior to fiscal 2015, our renewable fuels marketing business was included in our Energy segment and our renewable fuels production business was included in our Ag segment. At the beginning of fiscal 2015, we reorganized certain parts of our business to better align our ethanol supply chain. As a result, our renewable fuels marketing business is now managed together with our renewable fuels production business within our Ag segment. Prior period segment information below has been revised to reflect this change to ensure comparability. 
       
  Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and operating results vary throughout the year. For example, in our Ag segment, our crop nutrients and country operations businesses generally experience higher volumes and income during the spring planting season and in the fall, which corresponds to harvest. Our grain marketing operations are also subject to fluctuations in volume and earnings based on producer harvests, world grain prices and demand. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and profitability in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel usage is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, may experience higher volumes and profitability during the winter heating and crop drying seasons. 
    
  Our revenues, assets and cash flows can be significantly affected by global market prices for commodities such as petroleum products, natural gas, grains, oilseeds, crop nutrients and flour. Changes in market prices for commodities that we purchase without a corresponding change in the selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. Commodity prices are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including the weather, crop damage due to disease or insects, drought, the availability and adequacy of supply, government regulations and policies, world events, and general political and economic conditions. 
    
  While our revenues and operating results are derived from businesses and operations which are wholly-owned and majority-owned, a portion of our business operations are conducted through companies in which we hold ownership interests of   50%   or less and do not control the operations. We account for these investments primarily using the equity method of accounting, wherein we record our proportionate share of income or loss reported by the entity as equity income from investments, without consolidating the revenues and expenses of the entity in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In our Ag segment, this principally includes our   50%   ownership in TEMCO. In our Nitrogen Production segment, this consists of our   11.4%   membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen. In our Foods segment, this consists of our   50%   ownership in Ventura Foods. In Corporate and Other, this principally includes our   12%   ownership in Ardent Mills. See Note 4,   Investments   for more information on these entities. 

F-31 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Reconciling amounts represent the elimination of revenues between segments. Such transactions are executed at market prices to more accurately evaluate the profitability of the individual business segments. 
    
  Segment information for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is presented in the tables below. We have previously revised amounts for the year ended August 31, 2014 in the table below to include activity and amounts related to capital leases that were previously accounted for as operating leases. See Note 18,   Correction of Immaterial Errors   for more information on the nature and amounts of these revisions. 

F-32 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

We have international sales, which are predominantly in our Ag segment. The following table presents our sales, based on the geographic locations in which the sales originated, for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  : 

Note 12        Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  Our derivative instruments primarily consist of commodity and freight futures and forward contracts and, to a minor degree, may include foreign currency and interest rate swap contracts. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk, but we do not apply hedge accounting under ASC Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  , except with respect to certain interest rate swap contracts which are accounted for as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges as described below. Derivative instruments are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value as described in Note 13,   Fair Value Measurements  . 
    
  The following tables present the gross fair values of derivative assets, derivative liabilities, and margin deposits (cash collateral) recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets along with the related amounts permitted to be offset in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have elected not to offset derivative assets and liabilities when we have the right of offset under ASC Topic 210-20,   Balance Sheet - Offsetting;   or when the instruments are subject to master netting arrangements under ASC Topic 815-10-45,   Derivatives and Hedging - Overall  . 

F-33 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    
  The majority of our derivative instruments have not been designated as hedging instruments. The following table sets forth the pretax gains (losses) on derivatives not accounted for as hedging instruments that have been included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  . We have revised the information that we have historically included in this table below to correct for errors in the previously disclosed amounts. Although such gains and losses have been and continue to be appropriately recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, the previous disclosures did not accurately reflect the derivative gains and losses in each period. These revisions did not materially impact our consolidated financial statements.  

Commodity and Freight Contracts: 
    
  When we enter into a commodity purchase or sales commitment, we incur risks related to price changes and performance including delivery, quality, quantity and shipment period. In the event that market prices decrease, we are exposed to risk of loss in the market value of inventory and purchase contracts with a fixed or partially fixed price. Conversely, we are exposed to risk of loss on our fixed or partially fixed price sales contracts in the event that market prices increase. 
    
  Our use of hedging reduces the exposure to price volatility by protecting against adverse short-term price movements, but it also limits the benefits of favorable short-term price movements. To reduce the price risk associated with fixed price commitments, we generally enter into commodity derivative contracts, to the extent practical, to achieve a net commodity position within the formal position limits we have established and deemed prudent for each commodity. These contracts are primarily transacted on regulated commodity futures exchanges but may also include over-the-counter derivative instruments when deemed appropriate. For commodities where there is no liquid derivative contract, risk is managed through the use of forward sales contracts, other pricing arrangements and, to some extent, futures contracts in highly correlated commodities. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk, but are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The contracts are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair values based on quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges or the market prices of the underlying products listed on the exchanges, except that fertilizer and propane contracts  
  
   F-34 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

are accounted for as normal purchase and normal sales transactions. Unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
  When a futures position is established, initial margin must be deposited with the applicable exchange or broker. The amount of margin required varies by commodity and is set by the applicable exchange at its sole discretion. If the market price relative to a short futures position increases, an additional margin deposit would be required. Similarly, a margin deposit would be required if the market price relative to a long futures position decreases. Conversely, if the market price increases relative to a long futures position or decreases relative to a short futures position, margin deposits may be returned by the applicable exchange or broker. 
  Our policy is to manage our commodity price risk exposure according to internal polices and in alignment with our tolerance for risk. Our profitability from operations is primarily derived from margins on products sold and grain merchandised, not from hedging transactions. At any one time, inventory and purchase contracts for delivery to us may be substantial. We have risk management policies and procedures that include established net position limits. These limits are defined for each commodity and business unit, and may include both trader and management limits as appropriate. The limits policy is overseen at a high level by our corporate compliance team, with day to day monitoring procedures managed within each individual business unit to ensure any limits overage is explained and exposures reduced or a temporary limit increase is established if needed. The position limits are reviewed, at least annually, with senior leadership and the Board of Directors. We monitor current market conditions and may expand or reduce our net position limits or procedures in response to changes in those conditions. In addition, all purchase and sales contracts are subject to credit approvals and appropriate terms and conditions. 
  The use of hedging instruments does not protect against nonperformance by counterparties to cash contracts. We evaluate counterparty exposure by reviewing contracts and adjusting the values to reflect potential nonperformance. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty s financial condition and the risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform on a contract during periods of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different than the current market prices. We manage these risks by entering into fixed price purchase and sales contracts with preapproved producers and by establishing appropriate limits for individual suppliers. Fixed price contracts are entered into with customers of acceptable creditworthiness, as internally evaluated. Regarding our use of derivatives, we primarily transact in exchange traded instruments or enter into over-the-counter derivatives that clear through a designated clearing organization, which limits our counterparty exposure relative to hedging activities. Historically, we have not experienced significant events of nonperformance on open contracts. Accordingly, we only adjust the estimated fair values of specifically identified contracts for nonperformance. Although we have established policies and procedures, we make no assurances that historical nonperformance experience will carry forward to future periods.  
  As of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , we had outstanding commodity futures, options and freight contracts that were used as economic hedges, as well as fixed-price forward contracts related to physical purchases and sales of commodities. The table below presents the notional volumes for all outstanding commodity and freight contracts accounted for as derivative instruments.  

F-35 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Foreign Exchange Contracts: 
    
  We conduct a substantial portion of our business in U.S. dollars, but we are exposed to immaterial risks relating to foreign currency fluctuations primarily due to grain marketing transactions in South America and Europe, and purchases of products from Canada. We use foreign currency derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Although our overall risk relating to foreign currency transactions is not significant, exchange rate fluctuations do, however, impact the ability of foreign buyers to purchase U.S. agricultural products and the competitiveness of U.S. agricultural products compared to the same products offered by alternative sources of world supply. The notional amounts of our foreign exchange derivative contracts were   $802.2 million   and   $1.3 billion   as of   August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  , respectively. 
       
  Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow or Fair Value Hedging Strategies 
    
  As of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , we have certain derivatives designated as cash flow and fair value hedges. 
    
  Interest Rate Contracts: 
    
  We have outstanding interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $420.0 million   designated as fair value hedges of portions of our fixed-rate debt. Our objective in entering into these transactions is to offset changes in the fair value of the debt associated with the risk of variability in the 3-month U.S. dollar LIBOR interest rate, in essence converting the fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt. Offsetting changes in the fair values of both the swap instruments and the hedged debt are recorded contemporaneously each period and only create an impact to earnings to the extent that the hedge is ineffective. During the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded offsetting fair value adjustments of   $9.8 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively, with no ineffectiveness recorded in earnings. 
    
  In fiscal 2015, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $300.0 million   designated as cash flow hedges of the expected variability of future interest payments on our anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt. During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we determined that certain of the anticipated debt issuances would be delayed; and we consequently recorded an immaterial amount of losses on the ineffective portion of the related swaps in earnings. Additionally, we paid   $6.4 million   in cash to settle   two   of the interest rate swaps upon their scheduled termination dates. During the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we settled an additional   two   interest rate swaps, paying   $5.3 million   in cash upon their scheduled termination. In January 2016, we issued the fixed-rate debt associated with these swaps and will amortize the amounts which were previously deferred to other comprehensive income into earnings over the life of the debt. The amounts to be included in earnings are not expected to be material during any 12-month period. During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we settled the remaining   two   interest rate swaps, paying   $5.1 million   in cash upon their scheduled termination. We did not issue additional fixed-rate debt as previously planned, and we reclassified all amounts previously recorded to other comprehensive income into earnings.  
    
  In fiscal 2013, we entered into derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments that were terminated in February 2014 as the issuance of the underlying debt was no longer probable. As a result, a   $13.5 million   gain was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income. This pre-tax gain is included as a component of interest expense, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended August 31, 2014.  
    
  The following table presents the pretax gains (losses) recorded in other comprehensive income relating to cash flow hedges for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

The following table presents the pretax gains (losses) relating to cash flow hedges that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

F-36 

Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Note 13        Fair Value Measurements 
    
  ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement   defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
    
  We determine fair values of derivative instruments and certain other assets, based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. ASC Topic 820 describes three levels within its hierarchy that may be used to measure fair value, and our assessment of relevant instruments within those levels is as follows: 
    
  Level 1:    Values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. These assets and liabilities include exchange-traded derivative instruments, Rabbi Trust investments, deferred compensation investments and available-for-sale investments. 
    
  Level 2:    Values are based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. These assets and liabilities include interest rate, foreign exchange, and commodity swaps; forward commodity and freight purchase and sales contracts with a fixed price component; and other OTC derivatives whose value is determined with inputs that are based on exchange traded prices, adjusted for location specific inputs that are primarily observable in the market or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 
    
  Level 3:    Values are generated from unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are a significant component of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. These unobservable inputs would reflect our own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing related assets or liabilities. Valuation techniques might include the use of pricing models, discounted cash flow models or similar techniques. 
    
  The following tables present assets and liabilities, included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, and indicate the fair value hierarchy utilized to determine these fair values. Assets and liabilities are classified, in their entirety, based on the lowest level of input that is a significant component of the fair value measurement. The lowest level of input is considered Level 3. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the classification of fair value assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy levels. 

F-37 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Recurring fair value measurements at   August 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Commodity, freight and foreign currency derivatives     Exchange-traded futures and options contracts are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified within Level 1. Our forward commodity purchase and sales contracts with fixed-price components, ocean freight contracts and other OTC derivatives are determined using inputs that are generally based on exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, adjusted for location specific inputs, and are classified within Level 2. The location specific inputs are generally broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either the listed or OTC markets. Changes in the fair values of these contracts are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of cost of goods sold.  
  
   F-38 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Interest rate swap derivatives     Fair values of our interest rate swap derivatives are determined utilizing valuation models that are widely accepted in the market to value these OTC derivative contracts. The specific terms of the contracts, as well as market observable inputs, such as interest rates and credit risk assumptions, are factored into the models. As all significant inputs are market observable, all interest rate swaps are classified within Level 2. Changes in the fair values of contracts not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of interest expense, net. See Note 12,   Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities   for additional information about interest rates swaps designated as fair value and cash flow hedges. 
    
  Deferred compensation and other assets     Our deferred compensation investments, Rabbi Trust assets and available-for-sale investments in common stock of other companies are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices on active exchanges and are classified within Level 1. Changes in the fair values of these other assets are primarily recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of marketing, general and administrative expenses. 
    
    Accrued liability for contingent crack spread payments related to purchase of CHS McPherson (formerly NCRA) noncontrolling interests     The fair value of the contingent consideration liability was calculated utilizing an average price option model, an adjusted Black-Scholes pricing model commonly used in the energy industry to value options. The model uses market observable inputs and unobservable inputs. Due to significant unobservable inputs used in the pricing model, the liability is classified within Level 3. 
                       Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
        
    Fair Value 

Item 
    August 31, 2016 
    Valuation Technique 
    Unobservable Input 
    Input Used 
                            (Dollars in thousands) 

Accrued liability for contingent crack spread payments related to purchase of noncontrolling interests 
    $15,051 
    Adjusted Black-Scholes option pricing model 
    Forward crack spread margin on August 31, 2016    (a)  
    $16.43 
      Contractual target crack spread margin    (b)  
    $17.50 
      Expected volatility    (c)  
    152.65% 
      Risk-free interest rate    (d)  
    0.94% 
      Expected life - years    (e)  
    1.00 

(a)     Represents forward crack spread margin quotes and management estimates based on the future settlement date. 
   (b)     Represents the minimum contractual threshold that would require settlement with the counterparties. 
   (c)     Represents quarterly adjusted volatility estimates derived from daily historical market data. 
   (d)     Represents yield curves for U.S. Treasury securities. 
   (e)     Represents the number of years remaining related to the final contingent payment.    
    
  Valuation processes for Level 3 measurements     Management is responsible for determining the fair value of our Level 3 financial instruments. Option pricing methods are utilized, as indicated above. Inputs used in the option pricing models are based on quotes obtained from third party vendors. Each reporting period, management reviews the unobservable inputs provided by third-party vendors for reasonableness utilizing relevant information available to us. Management also takes into consideration current and expected market trends and compares the liability s fair value to hypothetical payments using known historical market data to assess reasonableness of the resulting fair value.  
  Sensitivity analysis of Level 3 measurements     The significant unobservable inputs that are susceptible to periodic fluctuations used in the fair value measurement of the accrued liability for contingent crack spread payments related to the purchase of noncontrolling interests are the adjusted forward crack spread margin and the expected volatility. Significant increases (decreases) in either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. Although changes in the expected volatility are driven by fluctuations in the underlying crack spread margin, changes in expected volatility are not necessarily accompanied by a directionally similar change in the forward crack spread margin. Directional changes in the expected volatility can be affected by a multitude of factors including the magnitude of daily fluctuations in the underlying market data, market trends, timing of fluctuations, and other factors.  
  
   F-39 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

The following table represents a reconciliation of liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

There were no material transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 assets and liabilities during the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  . 

Note 14        Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Environmental 
    
  We are required to comply with various environmental laws and regulations incidental to our normal business operations. In order to meet our compliance requirements, we establish reserves for the probable future costs of remediation of identified issues, which are included in cost of goods sold and marketing, general and administrative in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The resolution of any such matters may affect consolidated net income for any fiscal period; however, management believes any resulting liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows during any fiscal year. 
       
  Other Litigation and Claims 
    
  We are involved as a defendant in various lawsuits, claims and disputes, which are in the normal course of our business. The resolution of any such matters may affect consolidated net income for any fiscal period; however, management believes any resulting liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows during any fiscal year. 
    
  Guarantees 
    
  We are a guarantor for lines of credit and performance obligations of related, non-consolidated companies. Our bank covenants allow maximum guarantees of   $1.0 billion  , of which   $133.8 million   were outstanding on   August 31, 2016  . We have collateral for a portion of these contingent obligations. We have not recorded a liability related to the contingent obligations as we do not expect to pay out any cash related to them, and the fair values are considered immaterial. The underlying loans to the counterparties for which we provide guarantees are current as of   August 31, 2016  . 
    
  Credit Commitments 
    
  CHS Capital has commitments to extend credit to customers as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contracts. As of   August 31, 2016  , CHS Capital s customers have additional available credit of   $1.0 billion  . 
    
  Lease Commitments 
    
  We lease certain property, plant and equipment used in our operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. Our operating leases, which are primarily for rail cars, equipment, vehicles and office space have remaining terms of   one   to   15   years. Total rental expense for operating leases was   $74.7 million  ,   $56.7 million   and   $47.4 million   for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We lease certain rail cars, equipment, vehicles and other assets under capital lease arrangements. These assets are included in property, plant and equipment, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets while the corresponding capital lease obligations are included in long-term debt. See Note 5,   Property, Plant and Equipment   and Note 7,   Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt   for more information about capital leases. 

F-40 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

Minimum future lease payments required under noncancelable operating leases as of   August 31, 2016   are as follows: 

Unconditional Purchase Obligations 
    
  Unconditional purchase obligations are commitments to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices. Our long-term unconditional purchase obligations primarily relate to pipeline and grain handling take-or-pay and through-put agreements and are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   August 31, 2016  , minimum future payments required under long-term commitments that are noncancelable, and that third parties have used to secure financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods, are as follows: 

The discounted, aggregate amount of the minimum required payments under long-term unconditional purchase obligations, based on current exchange rates at   August 31, 2016  , is   $627.2 million  . Total payments under these arrangements were   $88.0 million  ,   $66.8 million   and   $65.5 million   for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 

Note 15        Supplemental Cash Flow and Other Information 
    
  Additional information concerning supplemental disclosures of cash flow activities for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is included in the table below. We have previously revised amounts for the year ended August 31, 2014 in this table related to interest, capital expenditures and capital leases. See Note 18,   Correction of Immaterial Errors   for more information on the nature and amounts of these revisions. 

(1)   
    Represents acquisition of property, plant and equipment and capitalized major maintenance costs for which cash payments have not yet been made as of the end of each fiscal period presented. Acquiring or constructing property, plant and equipment by incurring a  
     
   F-41 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

liability does not result in a cash outflow for us until the liability is paid. In the period the liability is incurred, the change in operating accounts payable on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows is adjusted by such amount. In the period the liability is paid, the amount is reflected as a cash outflow from investing activities. 

Note 16        Related Party Transactions 
    
  Related party transactions with equity investees for the years ended   August 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, and balances as of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, are as follows: 

The related party transactions were primarily with CF Nitrogen, TEMCO, Horizon Milling, Ardent Mills and Ventura Foods. 

Note 17        Acquisitions 
    
  During the year ended   August 31, 2016  , we acquired various businesses primarily in our Ag segment for   $50.3 million   in consideration. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. 
       
  During the year ended   August 31, 2015  , we acquired various businesses in our Ag segment for   $321.0 million   in consideration. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. Included among these transactions was the June 2015 acquisition of Patriot Holdings, LLC, which operates an ethanol plant that has expanded our grain origination opportunities and increased our renewable fuels capacity. Additionally, we acquired Northstar Agri Industries, a canola processing and refining business in July 2015. The acquisition expanded our oilseed processing platform to include canola in addition to soybeans, expanded our oil product offerings to global food companies, and linked growers selling canola seed to CHS to an integrated supply chain. The allocation of consideration for net assets acquired in our aggregate acquisitions during the year ended August 31, 2015 is summarized as follows: 

During the year ended August 31, 2014, we acquired various businesses primarily in our Ag segment for   $281.5 million   in consideration. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. Included among these transactions was the acquisition of Illinois River Energy LLC, which operates an ethanol plant that expanded our grain origination opportunities and increased renewable fuels capacity. Additionally, we acquired the fertilizer business and assets of Terral RiverService, a transportation service company specializing in the bulk storage and handling of dry and liquid materials along the Mississippi River system, the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and inland waterways of Louisiana and southern Arkansas. See Note 6,   Other Assets   for information about the amounts of goodwill and intangible assets recorded as a result of these transactions.  
  
   F-42 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

CHS McPherson Refinery Inc. (formerly National Cooperative Refinery Association or "NCRA") 
  In   November 2011  , our Board of Directors approved a stock transfer agreement between us and GROWMARK, Inc. ("Growmark"), and a stock transfer agreement between us and MFA Oil Company ("MFA"). Pursuant to these agreements, we began to acquire from Growmark and MFA shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock of NCRA representing approximately   25.6%   of NCRA s outstanding capital stock. Prior to the first closing, we owned the remaining approximately   74.4%   of NCRA s outstanding capital stock as of August 31, 2012 and accordingly, upon completion of the acquisitions described by these agreements, NCRA would be a wholly-owned subsidiary. As of August 31, 2015, our ownership was   88.9%   and with the final closing in September 2015, our ownership increased to   100%  . The entity is now known as CHS McPherson Refinery Inc. ("CHS McPherson").  
    
  Pursuant to the agreement with Growmark, we acquired stock representing approximately   18.6%   of NCRA s outstanding capital stock in   four   separate closings held on   September 1, 2012  ,   September 1, 2013  ,   September 1, 2014   and   September 1, 2015  , for an aggregate base purchase price of   $255.5 million   (approximately   $48.0 million   of which was paid through each of the first three closings, and   $111.4 million   of which was paid at the final closing in September 2015). In addition, Growmark is entitled to receive up to   two   contingent purchase price payments following each individual closing, calculated as set forth in the agreement with Growmark, if the average crack spread margin referred to therein over the year ending on   August 31   of the calendar year in which the contingent payment date falls exceeds a specified target.  
    
  Pursuant to the agreement with MFA, we acquired stock representing approximately   7.0%   of NCRA s outstanding capital stock in   four   separate closings held on   September 1, 2012  ,   September 1, 2013  ,   September 1, 2014   and   September 1, 2015  , for an aggregate base purchase price of   $95.5 million   (approximately   $18.0 million   of which was paid through each of the first three closings, and   $41.6 million   of which was paid at the final closing in September 2015). In addition, MFA is entitled to receive up to   two   contingent purchase price payments following each individual closing, calculated as set forth in the agreement with MFA, if the average crack spread margin referred to therein over the year ending on   August 31   of the calendar year in which the contingent payment date falls exceeds a specified target.  
    
  As of   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , the amounts recognized in other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for these contingent consideration arrangements are   $15.1 million   and   $76.0 million  , respectively. Corresponding gains of   $60.9 million   and   $36.3 million   are included in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The first contingent consideration payment in the amount of   $16.5 million   was made in October 2013; and based on the average crack spread margins during fiscal 2014,   no   payment was made in October 2014. As of August 31, 2015,   $2.6 million   was recorded as a current liability and was subsequently paid in October 2015. Based on the average crack spread margin during fiscal 2016,   no   payment was made in October 2016. 
    
  In accordance with ASC Topic 480, patronage earned by Growmark and MFA has been included as interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.   No   interest was recognized during the year ended August 31, 2016. During the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014,   $31.0 million   and   $65.5 million  , respectively, was recognized as interest expense for the patronage earned by Growmark and MFA.  

Note 18        Correction of Immaterial Errors 
    
  Lease Accounting: 
    
  We lease rail cars, equipment, vehicles and other assets under noncancelable lease agreements for use in our agricultural and transportation operations in both our Energy and Ag segments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that we had historically applied the accounting principles of ASC Topic 840,   Leases,   incorrectly by accounting for our lease arrangements as operating leases. We subsequently determined that certain of our leases met, at lease inception, one or more of the ASC 840-10-25-1 criteria that require a lease to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease. Prior period amounts in the financial statements, notes thereto and related disclosures were revised at that time.  
    
  Statement of Cash Flows Presentation: 
    
    During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that our historical presentation of cash flows related to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and expenditures for major repairs was incorrect. Amounts presented as cash outflows in prior periods included acquisitions of assets for which cash had not yet been paid, resulting in misstatements of  
  
   F-43 

     Table of Contents  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) 

both investing and operating cash flows. Prior period amounts in the financial statements, notes thereto and related disclosures were corrected at that time. 
    
  Materiality Assessment: 
    
  We assessed the materiality of the misstatements described above on prior period financial statements in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 99,   Materiality  , codified in ASC 250 ("ASC 250"),   Presentation of Financial Statements  , and concluded these misstatements were not material to any prior annual or interim periods. Accordingly, in accordance with ASC 250 (SAB No. 108,   Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements  ), our consolidated financial statements as of August 31, 2014 and for the year ended August 31, 2014, which are presented herein, were revised. The following are selected line items from our consolidated financial statements illustrating the effects of these revisions: 

F-44 

<EX-10.3A>
 2
 ex-103aamendementno1toserp.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3A 
    
  AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE 
  CHS INC. 
  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
  (2013 Restatement) 
  CHS Inc., pursuant to the power of amendment reserved to it in Section 7.1 of the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ( Plan ), hereby amends the Plan in the manner set forth below effective as of the date executed below. 
  Section 4.4 of the Plan is amended by replacing paragraphs (f), (g) and (h) with the following new paragraph (f): 
  (f)      Special Contribution Credits for Newly Hired Participants  .  Notwithstanding Section 4.2(b), with respect to any Participant named on Schedule A, the Participant s Pension Plan Account shall be credited with one or more contribution credits equal to the credit(s) which would have been made to that Participant under the Pension Plan if he or she had been an active participant in the Pension Plan from his or her CHS date of hire through his or her actual date of entry into the Pension Plan (subject to the requirement that the Participant be an Active Participant in this Plan on the applicable December 31 for which such credit would have been made under the Pension Plan).  However, such credits shall be determined as if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the Participant s election under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer, any amounts received as replacement of forfeited compensation in accordance with the Participant s employment term sheet, or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation. 
  The Plan is further amended by the addition of Schedule A attached hereto. 
  Executed this   28   day of April, 2014. 
  CHS INC. 
  By   /s/ Carl M. Casale                                       
  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
  STATE OF MINNESOTA        ) 
  )SS. 
  COUNTY OF  Dakota        ) 
    
  On this  28th day of April, 2014, before me personally appeared Carl Casale to me personally known, who, being by me first duly sworn, did depose and say that he is the President and CEO of CHS Inc., the corporation named in the foregoing instrument; and that said instrument was signed on behalf of said corporation by authority of its Board of Directors; and he acknowledged said instrument to be the free act and deed of said corporation. 
    
  /s/Annastacia Dunaiski                                  
  Notary 

</EX-10.3A>

<EX-10.40>
 3
 ex-1040saleandcontribution.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.40

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.40 
  EXECUTION VERSION 

SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
  dated as of July 22, 2016 
  among 
  CHS INC. and 
  CHS CAPITAL, LLC, 
  as Originators  
  and  
  COFINA FUNDING, LLC, 
  as the Company             

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  Page 

i 

    TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  (continued) 
  Page 

ii 

SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
  THIS SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, dated as of July 22, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), is among CHS INC., a Minnesota corporation (   CHS   ), as an originator, CHS CAPITAL, LLC (   CHS Capital   ), a Minnesota limited liability company, as an originator (CHS and CHS Capital are referred to herein, individually, as an    Originator    and, collectively, as the    Originators   ), and COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Company   ). 
  For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  ARTICLE I 
  DEFINITIONS AND RELATED MATTERS 
  SECTION 1.1      Defined Terms  .  In this Agreement, unless otherwise specified:  (a) capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016 (as amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time, the    Receivables Financing Agreement   ) among the Company, as Seller, CHS, individually and as Servicer, the various Conduit Purchasers, Committed Purchasers, and Purchaser Agents from time to time party thereto, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as Administrative Agent (the    Administrative Agent   ) and (b) the following terms have the meanings indicated below: 
     Addition Date    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 2.4  . 
     Additional Designated Loan Agreement    means a loan facility designated by the Seller for addition to   Schedule 1   after the Closing Date. 
     CRR    means the European Union Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013) and any related guidelines and regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards published by the European Banking Authority and adopted by the European Commission. 
     CRR Requirements    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 5.1(r)  . 
     Designated Loan Agreements    means (i) the Initial Designated Loan Agreements and (ii) from and after the applicable Addition Date with respect thereto, each Additional Designated Loan Agreement. 
     Discount Factor    means a percentage calculated to provide the Company with a reasonable return on its investment in the Pool Assets after taking account of (i) the time value of money based upon the anticipated dates of collection of such Assets and the cost to the Company of financing its investment in such Assets during such period and (ii) the risk of nonpayment by the Account Debtors or Obligors.  The Originators and the Company may agree from time to time to change the Discount Factor based on changes in one or more of the items affecting the calculation thereof;  
  
   1 

provided that   any change to the Discount Factor shall apply only prospectively.  As of the date hereof, the Discount Factor is 1%. 
     Indemnified Amounts    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 7.1  . 
     Initial Designated Loan Agreements    means the loan facilities identified on   Annex 3   on the date hereof. 
     Net Worth    means as of the last Business Day of each Collection Period preceding any date of determination, the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of the Pool Assets at such time and any cash then held by the Company,   over   (b) the sum of (i) the Total Investment at such time,   plus   (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Subordinated Loans (including any Subordinated Loan proposed to be made on the date of determination). 
     Originator Indemnified Party    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 7.1  . 
     Prior Transaction Taxes    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 7.2  . 
     Purchase    means each purchase by the Company from an Originator of the Assets and Related Assets pursuant to   Section 2.1  . 
     Purchase Notice    is defined in   Section 2.2  . 
     Purchase Price    means, with respect to each Purchase from an Originator on a Sale Date, the aggregate price to be paid by the Company to such Originator for such Purchase in accordance with   Section 2.3   for the Assets being sold to the Company, which price shall equal on any date (i) the product of (x) the Unpaid Balance of such Asset on such date,   multiplied     by   (y) one   minus   the Discount Factor in effect on such date,   minus   (ii) any amounts payable in accordance with   Section 3.1   or   Section 3.3  . 
     Required Capital Amount        means an amount equal to $16,000. 
     Retained Interest    means a material net economic interest of not less than five percent (5%) of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Pool Assets in accordance with the text of the CRR. 
     Sale Agreement Event of Repurchase    is defined in   Section 3.3  . 
     Sale Date    means each date that an Originator sells or contributes (or purportedly sells or contributes) Receivables or Loans to the Company hereunder determined in accordance with   Section 2.2  . 
     Sale Transaction Taxes    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 7.2  . 
     Subordinated Loan    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.3(a)  . 
     Subordinated Note    means a promissory note in substantially the form of   Schedule 2   hereto as more fully described in   Section 2.3  . 
  
   2 

Termination Date    means the date that sales and contributions of Receivables and Loans and Related Assets cease under this Agreement pursuant to   Article VI   hereof. 
  SECTION 1.2      Other Interpretive Matters  .  The interpretation of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified, is subject to Appendix A of the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
  ARTICLE II             AGREEMENT TO PURCHASE, SELL AND CONTRIBUTE 
  SECTION 2.1        Purchase, Sale and Contribution  .  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Originator hereby sells or contributes, as applicable, to the Company, and the Company hereby purchases or acquires from each Originator, as applicable, all of such Originator s right, title and interest in, to and under: 
  (a)     each Receivable of such Originator that exists and is owing to such Originator as of the Closing Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Receivable; 
  (b)     each Receivable of such Originator originated by such Originator from and after the Closing Date to and including the Termination Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Receivable; 
  (c)     each Loan of such Originator that exists and is owing to such Originator under the Initial Designated Loan Agreements as of the Closing Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Loan;  
  (d)     each Loan of such Originator that exists and is owing to such Originator under each Additional Designated Loan Agreement as of the applicable Addition Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Loan; and 
  (e)     each Loan of such Originator acquired, originated or created by such Originator (A) under the Initial Designated Loan Agreements from and after the Closing Date to and including the Termination Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Loan, or (B) under the Additional Designated Loan Agreements from and after the applicable Addition Date to and including the Termination Date and the Related Assets with respect to such Loan; 
  provided that  , notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, CHS shall not be permitted to sell or contribute any Loans to the Company. 
  SECTION 2.2        Timing of Purchases  .  All of the Assets sold or contributed pursuant to   Sections 2.1(a)   and   (c)   on the Closing Date are hereby sold or contributed, as applicable, to the Company on such date in accordance with the terms hereof.  On and after the Closing Date until the Termination Date, (i) each Receivable sold or contributed to the Company pursuant to   Section 2.1(b)   shall be deemed to have been conveyed by an Originator to the Company immediately (and without further action by any Person) upon the creation or origination of such Receivable, (ii) each Loan sold or contributed to the Company pursuant to   Section 2.1(d)   shall be deemed to have been conveyed by an Originator to the Company on the applicable Addition Date and (iii) each Loan  
  
   3 

sold or contributed to the Company pursuant to   Section 2.1(e)   shall be deemed to have been conveyed by an Originator to the Company on the date the applicable Originator delivers a purchase notice in the form of   Schedule 1   (each, a    Purchase Notice   ) including such Loans. The Related Assets with respect to each Asset shall be sold at the same time as such Asset, whether such Related Assets exist at such time or arise, are acquired or are originated thereafter.   
  SECTION 2.3        Purchase Price  .   
         (a)       The Purchase Price for the Purchase from an Originator of its Assets described in   Sections 2.1(a)   and   (c)   shall be payable in full by Company to such Originator on the Closing Date, and shall be paid to such Originator in the following manner: 
  (i) by delivery of immediately available funds, to the extent of funds made available to the Company under the Receivables Financing Agreement;   provided that   a portion of such funds shall be offset by amounts owed by CHS Capital to the Company on account of the issuance of equity having a total value of not less than the Required Capital Amount; and 
  (ii)        the balance, by delivery of the proceeds of a subordinated revolving loan from such Originator to the Company (a    Subordinated Loan   ) in an amount not to exceed the lesser of (A) the remaining unpaid portion of such Purchase Price, and (B) the maximum Subordinated Loan that could be borrowed without rendering the Company s Net Worth less than the Required Capital Amount.  Each Originator is hereby authorized by the Company to endorse on the schedule attached to its Subordinated Note an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each advance thereunder, as well as the date of each payment with respect thereto;   provided that   the failure to make such notation shall not affect any obligation of the Company thereunder. 
  (b)      The Purchase Price for each Asset sold or contributed by an Originator pursuant to   Sections 2.1(b)  ,   (d)   or   (e)   shall be due and owing in full by the Company to the applicable Originator or its designee on the applicable Sale Date for such Asset (except that the Company may, with respect to any such Purchase Price, offset against such Purchase Price any amounts owed by such Originator to the Company hereunder and which have become due but remain unpaid) and shall be paid to such Originator in the following manner: 
  (i)         by delivery to such Originator or its designee of immediately available funds, to the extent of funds available to the Company from its subsequent sale of an interest in all of the Assets to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers under the Receivables Financing Agreement or other cash on hand; 
  (ii)         by an increase in the outstanding balance of the Subordinated Loan of such Originator;   provided that   the making of any such Subordinated Loan shall be subject to the provisions set forth in   Section 2.3(a)(ii)  ; and 
  
   4 

(iii)         solely in the case of Receivables originated by CHS Capital, unless the Termination Date has occurred in accordance with this Agreement, by accepting a contribution to its capital in an amount equal to the remaining unpaid balance of such Purchase Price. 
  Subject to the limitations set forth in   Section 2.3(a)(ii)  , each Originator irrevocably agrees to advance each Subordinated Loan requested by the Company in accordance with this   Section 2.3   on or prior to the Termination Date.  The Subordinated Loans owing to each Originator shall be evidenced by, and shall be payable in accordance with the terms and provisions of its Subordinated Note and shall be payable solely from funds which the Company is not required under the Receivables Financing Agreement to set aside for the benefit of, or otherwise pay over to, the Purchasers. 
   (c)        From and after the Termination Date, (i) each Originator shall not be obligated to (but may, at its option) sell its Assets to the Company, or (ii) CHS Capital shall not be obligated to (but may, at its option) contribute its Assets to the Company s capital pursuant to   Section 2.3(b)(iii)  . 
  SECTION 2.4        Addition Date  .  Prior to the Termination Date, each Originator may, but shall not be obligated to, designate from time to time in its discretion additional loan facilities to be included as Designated Loan Agreements as of an applicable date (the    Addition Date    with respect to such Designated Loan Agreements) by providing written notice, on or before the Business Day prior to the applicable Addition Date, to the Company that the applicable Additional Designated Loan Agreements will be included as Designated Loan Agreements. 
  SECTION 2.5        Deliveries  .  Each Originator (a) shall deliver to the Custodian within 40 days following the Closing Date or within five (5) Business Days after the applicable Addition Date, as applicable, the Custodian File with respect to each Loan transferred by it to the Company on such date (  provided   that if any Loan transferred by an Originator to the Company does not contain an Obligor Note, then the applicable Originator may electronically deliver the Custodian File with respect to such Loan) and (b) has recorded and filed and, in the case of Additional Designated Loan Agreements, shall, prior to the applicable Addition Date, record and file, at its own expense, any financing statements (and continuation statements with respect to such financing statements when applicable) naming such Originator as transferor and the Company as purchaser covering the Loans and the Related Assets thereof then existing and thereafter created or acquired meeting the requirements of applicable state law in such manner and in such jurisdictions as are reasonably requested by the Company or necessary to perfect the transfer and assignment of the Loans and Related Assets from such Originator to the Company.  The Company shall provide the Custodian with an updated copy of   Annex 3   hereto concurrently with any update thereto hereunder.  Each Originator has delivered a file-stamped copy of such financing statements or other evidence of such filings to the Company and has taken, or shall take, at the Company s expense, all other steps as are necessary under applicable law to perfect such transfers and assignments and has delivered, or shall deliver, confirmation of such steps as are reasonably requested by the Company or the Required Purchasers. 
  
   5 

SECTION 2.6        No Recourse or Assumption of Obligations  .  Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the purchase and sale or contribution, as applicable, of Pool Assets and Related Assets under this Agreement shall be without recourse to any Originator.  Each Originator and the Company intend the transactions hereunder to constitute absolute and irrevocable true sales or valid contributions of Pool Assets and the Related Assets by such Originator to the Company, providing the Company with the full risks and benefits of ownership of the Pool Assets and Related Assets (such that the Pool Assets and the Related Assets would not be property of such Originator s estate in the event of such Originator s bankruptcy).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, no payments by any Originator shall be made to the Company to the extent that they constitute recourse with respect to a Pool Asset and the Related Assets by reason of the financial or credit condition of the related Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the related Account Debtor or Obligor);   provided that  , for the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall not relieve any Originator from making any payments pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any Deemed Collections. 
  None of the Company, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or the Administrative Agent shall have any obligation or liability under any Pool Assets or Related Assets (including any commitment to fund loans under any Loan Documents), nor shall the Company, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or the Administrative Agent have any obligation or liability to any Account Debtor, Obligor or other customer or client of any Originator (including any commitment to fund loans under any Loan Documents or any other obligation to perform any of the obligations of an Originator under any Pool Assets or Related Assets). 
  ARTICLE III             ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 
  SECTION 3.1        Deemed Collections  .  If, on any day, the Unpaid Balance of a Pool Receivable is reduced (but not cancelled) as a result of any Dilution, the related Originator shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in the amount of such reduction.  If, on any day, a Pool Receivable is canceled (or reduced to zero) as a result of any Dilution, the related Originator shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in the amount of the Unpaid Balance (as determined immediately prior to such Dilution) of such Pool Receivable.  Any amount deemed to have been received under this   Section 3.1   shall constitute a    Deemed Collection   .  In the event of any such Deemed Collection, the related Originator shall, if (a) the Liquidation Period has commenced, or (b) the aggregate Total Investment at such time exceeds the sum of the Loan Investment Base and Receivables Investment Base at such time after giving effect to such Deemed Collection, deposit an amount equal to such Deemed Collection into the Concentration Account by no later than the fourth (4   th   ) Business Day after such Originator obtains knowledge or notice thereof (or during the Liquidation Period, within two (2) Business Days from the event giving rise to such Deemed Collection). 
  
   6 

SECTION 3.2        Actions Evidencing Purchases  .   
  (a)        Each Originator hereby authorizes the Company, the Administrative Agent or their respective designees to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, relative to all or any of the Pool Assets and the Related Assets now existing or hereafter arising in the name of such Originator. 
  (b)        Each Originator shall authorize and deliver and file or cause to be filed appropriate continuation statements, not earlier than six months and not later than three months prior to the fifth anniversary of the date of filing of the financing statements filed in connection with this Agreement or any other financing statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 
  SECTION 3.3       Repurchase Events  .  If any of the following events (each, a    Sale Agreement Event of Repurchase   ) occurs and is continuing with respect to a Pool Asset: 
  (a)        any representation or warranty by an Originator hereunder with respect to such Pool Asset is incorrect either (i) in any material respect or (ii) in any manner that adversely affects the value or collectability of such Pool Asset, in each case, when made or deemed made; 
  (b)        an Originator fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement with respect to such Pool Assets set forth in any Transaction Document or any related Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents, as applicable, on its part to be performed or observed and such failure shall or could reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the collectability of such Pool Asset; or 
  (c)        either (i) an Originator instructs the related Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any amount with respect to such Pool Asset to an account other than a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, an Originator Collection Account, a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account or (ii) the related Account Debtor or Obligor refuses to make any payment to a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, an Originator Collection Account, a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account (unless to the extent such refusal to pay is due to the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to such Account Debtor or Obligor)), 
  then, the related Originator shall immediately deliver notice thereof to the Company and the Administrative Agent and, at the time, in the manner and otherwise as hereinafter set forth, repurchase such Pool Asset;   provided  ,   however  , that if an Event of Repurchase shall have occurred under the Receivables Financing Agreement with respect to such Pool Asset, then such event shall also constitute a Sale Agreement Event of Repurchase for purposes of this Agreement.  The repurchase price for a Pool Asset shall be the amount equal to the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Asset at such time and shall be paid to the Concentration Account in immediately available funds by no later than the second (2   nd   ) Business Day following demand therefor by the Company or the Administrative Agent.  Upon the payment in full of the repurchase price with respect to a Pool  
  
   7 

Asset, such Pool Asset shall hereby be, and be deemed to be, repurchased by the related Originator from the Company without recourse to or warranty by the Company, the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser but free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other Adverse Claim created by or through the Company, the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser. 
  ARTICLE IV            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  SECTION 4.1        Representations and Warranties  .  Each Originator represents and warrants to the Company, as to itself, as of the date hereof and as of each Sale Date, as follows: 
  (a)        Such Originator is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly formed and existing in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization; has all necessary corporate or limited liability company power, as applicable, to carry on its present business; and has made all necessary filings in order to be licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a Material Adverse Change with respect to such Originator. 
  (b)        The execution, delivery and performance by such Originator of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate or limited liability company powers, as the case may be, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as the case may be, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its organizational documents, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any Contractual Obligation of or affecting such Originator or any of its properties, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
  (c)        Each Transaction Document to which such Originator is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Originator. 
  (d)        No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Originator of each Transaction Document to which it is a party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder. 
  (e)        Each Transaction Document to which such Originator is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Originator, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights  
  
   8 

generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). 
  (f)        There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting such Originator, its Subsidiaries or their respective properties before any Governmental Authority which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to such Originator. 
  (g)        Such Originator is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to such Originator. 
  (h)        Since August 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to such Originator. 
  (i)        No Change of Control has occurred. 
  (j)        All assets of such Originator are free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Internal Revenue Service, any employee benefit plan, the PBGC or similar entity. 
  (k)        All information furnished by or on behalf of such Originator to the Company, the Administrative Agent or any other Originator Indemnified Party for purposes of or in connection with the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby (including in any Purchase Notice) is, at the time the same is furnished, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects and such information does not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
  (l)        Such Originator has not changed its name or the location of its jurisdiction of formation during the prior five years. 
  (m)        Such Originator is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
  (n)        No transaction contemplated by this Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
  (o)        Each Asset included in the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on the date of the first Information Package delivered after the Sale Date for such Asset, was an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on such Sale Date.   
  (p)        Each sale by such Originator of a Pool Asset and Related Assets to the Company under this Agreement constitutes the absolute and irrevocable sale and transfer of all right, title and interest of such Originator in such Pool Asset and Related Assets to  
  
   9 

the Company and no further action, including any filing or recording of any document or any notice to, license from or approval from any Governmental Authority is necessary in order to establish the ownership interest of the Company effected by such sale or to permit the Company to service, enforce or otherwise collect such Pool Asset from the related Account Debtor or Obligor. 
  (q)        The Company has an ownership interest in the Pool Assets and the Related Assets, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. 
  (r)        No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any sale or contribution by such Originator of any Pool Asset, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event. 
  (s)        Such Originator is in compliance in all material respects with the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents relating to the Pool Assets as of the Sale Date for such Pool Assets, and, as of the Sale Date of each Pool Asset sold by such Originator pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, neither such Pool Asset nor the Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents related thereto is subject to any defense, dispute, Dilution or any offset, counterclaim or other defense, whether arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or independently thereof. 
  (t)        No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any Related Assets is on file in any recording office (except any financing statements or other instruments filed pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), and, to the knowledge of such Originator, no competing notice or notice inconsistent with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement is in effect with respect to any Account Debtor or Obligor. 
  (u)        Such Originator has filed all material tax returns and reports required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it and has paid all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges, to its knowledge, owing by it, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
  (v)        The facts regarding the Company, such Originator, Servicer, the Performance Guarantor, the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
  (w)        No sale or contribution by such Originator of Pool Assets hereunder constitutes a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under any United States federal or applicable state bankruptcy or insolvency laws or is otherwise void or voidable under such or similar laws or principles or for any other reason. 
  
   10 

(x)    All Pool Assets sold by such Originator hereunder (i) were originated by such Originator in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) are being sold by such Originator to the Company for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value and (iii) solely with respect to Pool Receivables, represent all, or a portion of the purchase price of merchandise, insurance or services within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 
  (y)        Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of such Originator that are designed to achieve compliance by such Originator and its Subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities, such Originator, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of such Originator, its directors and agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from the Purchases hereunder, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case in all material respects.  (i) None of such Originator or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of such Originator, any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or directly benefit from the Purchases hereunder, is a Sanctioned Person, and (ii) neither such Originator nor any of its Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country.  No Purchase or use of proceeds thereof by such Originator in any manner will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
  (z)        None of such Originator, any Affiliate of such Originator or any third party with which such Originator or any Affiliate thereof has contracted has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Purchaser Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information     with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Purchaser Agent. 
  (aa)        Each Lockbox is in the name of an Originator, and each Originator owns and has good and marketable title to the applicable Lockboxes free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Company has a first priority perfected security interest in each Lockbox. 
  (bb)        Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts constitutes a  deposit account  within the meaning of the applicable UCC.  Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts is in the name of an Originator, and such Originator owns and has good and marketable title to the such accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Originator has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Originator Account Agreement relating to the Originator Collection Accounts, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Originator Collection Accounts without further consent by the Company, the Servicer or any other Person.  The Administrative Agent has  control  (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts. 
  
   11 

(cc)        Each Originator has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy and has not, since the Closing Date, made any changes in the Credit and Collection Policy that would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to such Originator without the consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (dd)        Not later than the fortieth (40   th   ) day following the Closing Date or the fifth (5   th   ) Business Day following the applicable Sale Date, the Originators shall deliver or cause to be delivered directly to the Custodian for the benefit of the Affected Parties the Custodian File relating to such Pool Assets, and shall cause all Obligor Notes (other than any Obligor Note that has been signed electronically) related to such Pool Assets to be duly indorsed in blank with note transfer powers in the form set forth in the Custodian Agreement. 
  (ee)        Each Originator as an originator for CRR purposes, represents that, on the Closing Date, its   pro     rata   share of the Retained Interest takes the form of a material net economic interest in accordance with the text of paragraph (d) of Article 405(1) of the CRR represented by the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Subordinated Loans owed the Originators hereunder. 
  ARTICLE V           GENERAL COVENANTS 
  SECTION 5.1        Originator Covenants  .  Until the Final Payout Date: 
  (a)        Existence  .  Each Originator will preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate or limited liability company existence (as applicable) and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business.  Each Originator will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Pool Assets (unless then held by the Custodian) at the address set forth in   Annex 1   hereof or, upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Company and the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent or otherwise necessary to protect, perfect and maintain the Company s ownership interest in the Pool Assets and Related Assets and security interest in the Lockboxes and the Originator Collection Accounts have been taken and completed. 
  (b)      Compliance with Laws  .  Each Originator will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to it, the Pool Assets and the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents. 
  (c)        Books and Records  .  Each Originator will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any computer files, to indicate which Pool Assets have been sold to the Company and its assigns.   
  
   12 

Each Originator will maintain such books and accounts in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over it.  Other than Custodian File held by Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, each Originator will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Pool Assets and related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Pool Assets (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Asset and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Asset).   
  (d)      Sales, Liens and Debt  .  Neither Originator will sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to, the Pool Assets or Related Assets or upon or with respect to any account or lockbox to which Collections are required to be sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof, in each case, except the dispositions to the Company and the Administrative Agent and their respective assigns contemplated hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and the Adverse Claims in favor of the Company and the Administrative Agent and their respective assigns created hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. 
  (e)        Audits and Visits  .  Each Originator will, upon reasonable advance notice of not less than five (5) Business Days (or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the Receivables Financing Agreement), during regular business hours, permit the Company, the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent and representatives thereof, at such Originator s expense, (i) to examine and make abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Pool Assets and Related Assets, including the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in   clause (i)   above, and, subject to the foregoing, to discuss matters relating to Pool Assets or its performance hereunder or under the related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters, in each case, at such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably be desired by the Company, the Administrative Agent or any such Purchaser Agent;   provided  ,   however  , that unless an Event of Default has occurred that has not been waived in accordance with the Receivables Financing Agreement, such Originator shall be required to reimburse the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents for the costs and expenses related to (x) only one such audit or visitation with respect to such Originator during any calendar year (y) any audit following a material change in the systems of such Originator that occurs after any audit specified in   clause (x)   or (z) any follow-up audit that is required as a result of any audit specified in   clauses (x)   or   (y)  .  
  (f)        Further Assurances  .  Each Originator will, at its expense, promptly execute, deliver and file all further instruments and documents (including UCC-3 financing  
  
   13 

statement amendments and continuation statements) necessary or desirable, and take all further action that the Company, the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Company s full and complete ownership in the Pool Assets and Related Assets and security interest in the Lockboxes and the Originator Collection Accounts, or to enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to exercise or enforce the rights of the Company or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under or in connection with the Pool Assets and Related Assets and the Lockboxes and the Originator Collection Accounts.  In connection with any change in its name or jurisdiction of organization, the related Originator will, at its expense, cause to be delivered to the Company and the Administrative Agent (i) one or more opinions of counsel to such Originator, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Administrative Agent, as to such corporate or limited liability company, as applicable, and UCC perfection matters as the Company or the Administrative Agent may request at such time and (ii) one or more certificates of a Responsible Officer of such Originator, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Administrative Agent, with respect to the review of UCC search results. 
  (g)        Taxes  .  Each Originator will pay any and all taxes relating to the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the sale, transfer and assignment of each Pool Asset and Related Assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by such Originator. 
  (h)        Not Adversely Affect Company s Rights  .  Each Originator will refrain from any act or omission which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prejudice, diminish or limit, in each case in any material respect, the Company s or the Administrative Agent s rights under or with respect to any of the Pool Assets or Related Assets or this Agreement, except to the extent such act or omission is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
  (i)      Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions  .  Policies and procedures will be maintained and enforced by or on behalf of each Originator that are designed in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to promote and achieve compliance, in the reasonable judgment of such Originator, by such Originator and each of its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities.  Each Originator will not make any Purchase, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Purchase (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case to the extent doing so would violate any Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any party hereto under any applicable Sanctions or the violation of any Sanctions by any such Person. 
  
   14 

(j)        No Change in Business, Credit and Collection Policy  .  Neither Originator shall make any change in (A) the character of its business without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers or (B) the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would, in either case, impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to such Originator without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (k)        Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, etc.    Neither Originator shall consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, any other Person, unless in the case of any such action by such Originator (i) no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing or would be reasonably likely to occur as a result of such transaction and (ii) such Originator is the surviving entity. 
  (l)        Lockboxes; Originator Collection Accounts; Originator Specified Accounts  .  No Originator shall terminate or permit the termination of any Originator Specified Account, Originator Collection Account or Lockbox without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (m)        Misdirected Payments  .  If an Originator receives a misdirected payment of a Pool Asset from any Account Debtor or Obligor, such Obligor shall remit such funds to an Originator Specified Account no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof.  Until remitted to an Originator Specified Account, each Originator shall hold such funds in trust as the Affected Parties  exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Affected Parties. 
  (n)        Tax Status  .  No Originator shall take or cause any action to be taken that could result in the Company being treated as other than a  disregarded entity  within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation   301.7701-3. 
  (o)        Transaction Documents  .  Without limiting any of each Originator s covenants or agreements set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, comply with each and every of its covenants and agreements under each Transaction Document to which it is a party in any capacity. 
  (p)        Separateness  .  Each Originator shall comply with Section 7.4 of the Receivables Financing Agreement at all times and neither Originator will take any action inconsistent with Section 7.4 of the Receivables Financing Agreement or the Company s limited liability company agreement. 
  (q)        Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts  .  Each Originator shall take all actions required pursuant to Section 6.2(w) of the Receivables Financing Agreement to (i) ensure that each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts continue to constitute  deposit accounts  within the meaning of the applicable UCC and (ii) permit the Administrative Agent to have  control  (as defined  
  
   15 

in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts.  Each Originator shall take all actions necessary to permit the Servicer to apply Collections in accordance with Sections 3.1(d) and 8.6 of the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
  (r)        CRR  .  Each Originator undertakes, for the benefit of each Purchaser Group that is required to comply with the requirements of Articles 404-410 of the CRR, together with any applicable guidelines, technical standards or related documents published by the European Banking Authority (or any predecessor or successor agency or authority) or the European Commission (collectively, the    CRR Requirements   ), that it shall so long as any Purchaser in any Purchaser Group is required to comply with the applicable CRR Requirements (as determined by such Purchaser in good faith): 
  (i)        hold and maintain its   pro     rata   share of the Retained Interest based upon the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Subordinated Loans owed the Originators hereunder on an ongoing basis for so long as the Pool Assets are outstanding;  
  (ii)        not sell or subject its   pro rata   share of the Retained Interest to any credit risk mitigation or any short positions or any other hedge in a manner which would be contrary to the CRR; 
  (iii)        for the purpose of each Information Package, confirm to the Servicer that such Originator continues to comply with   clauses (i)   and   (ii)   above; 
  (iv)        provide notice promptly to each Purchaser Agent in the event such Originator has breached   clauses (i)   or   (ii)   above; 
  (v)        notify each Purchaser Agent of any change to the form of retention of its   pro rata   share of the Retained Interest; 
  (vi)        provide confirmation to the Servicer of such Originator s continued compliance with this   clause (r)   promptly following a request by any Purchaser Agent delivered as a result of a material change in (i) the performance of any of the Pool Assets or the Receivables Assets, (ii) the risk characteristics of any of the Pool Assets or the Receivables Assets or (iii) the Pool Assets; and 
  (vii)        provide all information which any Purchaser Group would reasonably require in order for such Purchaser Group to comply with its obligations under the CRR. 
  SECTION 5.2        Reporting Requirements  .  From the date hereof until the Final Payout Date, each Originator will furnish to the Company and to the Administrative Agent (without duplication of any reports provided under the Receivables Financing Agreement): 
  
   16 

(a)        at least 30 days prior to any change in such Originator s name or jurisdiction of organization, a notice setting forth the new name or jurisdiction, as applicable, and the proposed effective date thereof; 
  (b)        such data, reports and information relating to the Pool Assets reasonably requested by the Company, the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent from time to time; 
  (c)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of any Adverse Claim or dispute asserted or claim made against a Pool Asset or any Related Assets; 
  (d)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by such Originator under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made; 
  (e)        promptly (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Unmatured Servicer Termination Event and the action that such Originator proposes to take with respect thereto; 
  (f)        at least fifteen (15) days prior to (i) the effectiveness of any change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a description or, if available, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy after giving effect to such change or amendment and a written notice (A) indicating such change or amendment and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to adversely affect the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Assets, requesting the consent of the Company and the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (ii) such Originator making any material change or changes in the character of its business, written notice indicating such change and requesting the consent of the Company and the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;  
  (g)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following receipt thereof, a copy of all periodic statements regarding the Originator Collection Accounts from the applicable Account Banks; and 
  (h)        as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to such Originator. 
  
   17 

ARTICLE VI            TERMINATION OF PURCHASES 
  SECTION 6.1        Automatic Termination  .  The sale or contribution by the applicable Originator of Pool Assets and Related Assets pursuant to this Agreement shall automatically terminate if an Insolvency Event with respect to such Originator shall have occurred and remain continuing. 
  ARTICLE VII            INDEMNIFICATION 
  SECTION 7.1        Originators  Indemnity  .  Each Originator hereby agrees, on a several (and not joint or joint and several) basis, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its officers, directors, agents, representatives, shareholders, counsel and employees and each of their respective Affiliates, successors and assigns and all other Affected Parties (each, an    Originator Indemnified Party   ) from and against any and all damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and expenses) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as    Indemnified Amounts   ) incurred by any such Originator Indemnified Party arising out of or resulting from or related to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any of the transactions contemplated by any of the foregoing (to the extent any such Indemnified Amounts are attributed to such Originator or otherwise arise out of or result from or relate to the Pool Assets originated by such Originator) or the ownership, maintenance or funding, directly or indirectly, of the Pool Assets (or any of them) sold by such Originator or otherwise arising out of or resulting from the actions or inactions of such Originator, including any of the following:  (i) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by such Originator (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document which shall have been incorrect when made; (ii) the failure by such Originator to perform any of its covenants or obligations under any Transaction Document; (iii) the failure by such Originator or any Pool Asset originated by such Originator or the related Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents, as applicable, to comply with any Applicable Law; (iv) the failure to vest in the Company ownership of each Pool Asset sold by such Originator and all Collections in respect thereof, and a first priority perfected security interest (within the meaning of the UCC) in, each Pool Receivable sold by such Originator and all Collections in respect thereof, in each case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; (v) any dispute, Dilution or any other claim by any Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, or any Affiliate or assignee thereof resulting from the services performed or merchandise furnished in connection with any Pool Asset originated by such Originator or the furnishing or failure to furnish such services or merchandise or relating to collection activities with respect to any Pool Asset originated by such Originator; (vi) any suit or claim related to any Pool Asset originated by such Originator, any related Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents, as applicable, or, to the extent attributed to or otherwise relating to such Originator, any Transaction Document (other than any such suit or claim that arises as a result of the failure of any Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to pay any sum due under its Pool Asset by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor)); (vii) the failure of  
  
   18 

such Originator to notify any Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, of the sale of the Pool Assets (x) by such Originator to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or (y) by the Company to the Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement; (viii) the commingling by such Originator or any of its Affiliates of Collections at any time with other funds of such Originator or any other Person; (ix) the failure to file, or any delay in filing of, financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdictions or under any other Applicable Laws with respect to any Pool Asset at the time of purchase or acquisition; (x) any loss arising, directly or indirectly, as a result of the imposition of sales or similar transfer type taxes or the failure by any Originator to timely collect and remit to the appropriate authority any such taxes; (xi) the failure by an Originator to comply with the  bulk sales  or analogous laws of any jurisdiction; (xii) any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) imposed upon any Originator Indemnified Party or upon or with respect to the Pool Assets, all interest and penalties thereon or with respect thereto, and all costs and expenses related thereto or arising therefrom, including the fees and expenses of counsel in defending the same; (xiii) the ownership, delivery, non-delivery, possession, design, construction, use, maintenance, transportation, performance (whether or not according to specifications), operation (including the failure to operate or faulty operation), condition, return, sale, repossession or other disposition or safety of any Related Assets (including claims for patent, trademark, or copyright infringement and claims for injury to persons or property, liability principles, or otherwise, and claims of breach of warranty, whether express or implied); or (xiv) the violation or breach by any Originator or any of their respective Affiliates of any confidentiality provision, or of any similar covenant of non-disclosure, or any other Indemnified Amount with respect to or resulting from any such violation or breach;   provided  ,   however  , that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses or liabilities to the extent resulting from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent, its officers, directors, agents, representatives, shareholders, counsel or employees or any of their respective Affiliates, successors and permitted assigns, as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to pay any sum due under its Assets by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor).  Any amount due and payable pursuant to this   Section 7.1   shall be paid to the applicable Originator Indemnified Party in immediately available funds by no later than the tenth (10   th   ) Business Day following demand therefor by such Originator Indemnified Party. 
  SECTION 7.2        Tax Indemnification  .  All payments on the Pool Assets received by the related Originator, the Company or any Affiliate thereof from the Account Debtors or Obligors, as applicable, will be paid to the Company free and clear of any present or future taxes, withholdings or other deductions whatsoever which arise by reason of the sale of the Pool Assets from such Originator to the Company (   Sale Transaction Taxes   ) or relating to the underlying transactions between such Originator and the Account Debtors and Obligors, as applicable, which gave rise to such Pool Assets (   Prior Transaction Taxes   ).  Such Originator will indemnify each Originator Indemnified Party and hold each Originator Indemnified Party harmless for any Sale Transaction Taxes and Prior Transaction Taxes.  Further, such Originator shall pay, and indemnify and hold each Originator Indemnified Party harmless from and against, any Sale Transaction Taxes or Prior Transaction Taxes that may at any time be asserted (including any sales, occupational, excise, gross  
  
   19 

receipts, personal property, privilege or license taxes, or withholdings, but not including taxes imposed upon any Originator Indemnified Party with respect to its overall net income) and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and expenses) in defending against the same, whether arising by reason of the acts to be performed by such Originator hereunder or otherwise.  Any amount due and payable pursuant to this   Section 7.2   shall be paid to the applicable Originator Indemnified Party in immediately available funds by no later than the tenth (10   th   ) Business Day following demand therefor by such Originator Indemnified Party. 
  SECTION 7.3        Contribution  .  If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this   Article VII   is unavailable to an Originator Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Originator Indemnified Party harmless, then each Originator shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Originator Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Originator Indemnified Party on the one hand and such Originator on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Originator Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable consideration. 
  ARTICLE VIII            MISCELLANEOUS 
  SECTION 8.1        Amendments, etc.    No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement nor consent to any departure by any Originator therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Required Purchasers, and (if an amendment) each Originator, and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.  Neither Originator may amend or otherwise modify any other Transaction Document executed by it without the written consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. 
  SECTION 8.2        No Waiver; Remedies  .  No failure on the part of the Company or any Originator Indemnified Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.  The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law.  Each Originator hereby irrevocably instructs and authorizes the Company and the Administrative Agent at any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the Receivables Financing Agreement to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by the Company, the Administrative Agent or any branch, agency or Affiliate thereof to, or for the account of, any Originator or any of their respective Affiliates against amounts owing by any Originator to the Company or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Transaction Document (even if contingent or unmatured).  
  SECTION 8.3        Notices, Etc.    Unless otherwise provided herein, all communications by any Originator or the Company under this Agreement or any other agreement entered into in  
  
   20 

connection herewith shall be in a writing personally delivered or sent by a recognized overnight delivery service, certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, by e-mail or by telecopier (with confirmed receipt) to such Originator or Company, as the case may be, at its address set forth in   Annex 2   or at such other address or facsimile number as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto.  Any documentation in connection herewith, such as copies of invoices, may be sent by any Originator or Company by facsimile or by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf), and each Originator and Company may otherwise communicate by electronic mail or facsimile.  Each Originator agrees that Company may presume the authenticity, genuineness, accuracy, completeness and due execution of any email or fax communication bearing a facsimile or scanned signature resembling a signature of an authorized Person of such Originator without further verification or inquiry by Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company in its sole discretion may elect not to act or rely upon such a communication that it reasonably believes may not be authentic or genuine and shall be entitled (but not obligated) to make inquiries or require further action from such Originator to authenticate any such communication. 
  SECTION 8.4        Binding Effect; Assignment  .  Each Originator acknowledges that institutions providing financing pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement may rely upon the terms of this Agreement.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and shall also, to the extent provided herein, inure to the benefit of the parties to the Receivables Financing Agreement.  Each Originator acknowledges that the Company s rights under this Agreement may be assigned to the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers under the Receivables Financing Agreement, consents to such assignments and to the exercise of those rights directly by Administrative Agent to the extent permitted by the Receivables Financing Agreement and acknowledges and agrees that Administrative Agent, each Purchaser and each of their successors and assigns are express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 8.5        Survival  .  All covenants, representations and warranties made herein shall continue in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date.  Each Originator s obligations to indemnify Originator Indemnified Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document with respect to expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities shall survive until the later of (x) the Final Payout Date and (y) all applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought by the Company or the Administrative Agent under the Transaction Documents have run. 
  SECTION 8.6        Expenses  .  Without limiting any other provisions herein, the Originators hereby agree to reimburse each Originator Indemnified Party promptly (but in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days) after demand for: 
  (a)    all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys  fees and expenses) that any Originator Indemnified Party incurs in connection with (i) the preparation, negotiation, documentation and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any amendment of or consent or waiver under any of the Transaction Documents (whether or not consummated) and (ii) the enforcement of, or any actual or reasonably claimed breach of, this Agreement or any  
  
   21 

of the other Transaction Documents or in advising any Originator Indemnified Party as to its rights and remedies under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, including, in the case of   clause (i)   above with respect to any amendment, consent or waiver or   clause (ii)   above, in each case, reasonable and documented external accountants , external auditors , Rating Agencies  and external consultants  fees, expenses and charges; 
  (b)    all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses the Administrative Agent incurs in connection with the administration (including periodic auditing as provided for herein) of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, including all reasonable and documented attorneys  and accountants  fees, expenses and charges incurred in connection with the administration and maintenance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby; and 
  (c)        all stamp and other similar taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 
  SECTION 8.7        Execution; Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 8.8        GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR NONPERFECTION OR THE PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF THE COMPANY IN THE POOL ASSETS IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
  SECTION 8.9        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .  EACH ORIGINATOR AND COMPANY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. 
  SECTION 8.10        CONSENT TO JURISDICTION  .  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT IRREVOCABLY (I) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN  
  
   22 

EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (II) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (III) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
  SECTION 8.11      WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES  .  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT IT HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID TO EXECUTION, EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
  SECTION 8.12        Captions and Cross References  .  The various captions in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. 
  SECTION 8.13        No Party Deemed Drafter  .  Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 8.14        Calculation of Interest  .  All interest amounts calculated on a per annum basis hereunder are calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. 
  SECTION 8.15        No Non-Direct Damages  .  To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, each of the parties hereto agrees not to assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any of its Affiliates or any of its respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents and advisors, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (other than in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Originator Indemnified Party to a third party and to which such Originator Indemnified Party is otherwise entitled to indemnification as provided herein).  No Originator Indemnified Party shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby;   provided   that the waiver provided for in this sentence shall not apply to damages to the extent resulting from such Originator  
  
   23 

Indemnified Party s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. 
  SECTION 8.16        No Proceedings  .  Each Originator hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Company any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or any other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year (or if longer, any applicable preference period then in effect) and one day after the Final Payout Date.  The provisions of this paragraph shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 8.17        Grant of Security Interest  .  It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the conveyance of each Originator s right, title and interest in and to the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and all the proceeds of all of the foregoing to the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute an absolute and irrevocable purchase and sale or capital contribution, as applicable, and not a loan or pledge.  If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the conveyance of the Pool Assets and the Related Assets to the Company is characterized by any third party as a loan or pledge, the parties intend that such Originator shall be deemed hereunder to have granted, and such Originator does hereby grant, to the Company a security interest to secure such Originator s obligations hereunder in all of such Originator s now or hereafter existing right, title and interest in, to and under the Pool Assets and the Related Assets and that this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under Applicable Law.  In addition, each Originator does hereby grant, to the Company a security interest to secure such Originator s obligations hereunder in all of such Originator s now or hereafter existing right, title and interest in, to and under each Lockbox and each Originator Collection Account.  With respect to each such grant of a security interest, the     Company     may at its option exercise from time to time any and all rights and remedies available to it hereunder, under the UCC or otherwise. 
  SECTION 8.18        Severability  .  Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
  SECTION 8.19        Confidentiality.  Each party hereto agrees to comply with, and be bound by, the confidentiality provisions of Section 13.8 of the Receivables Financing Agreement as if they were set forth herein mutatis mutandis. 
  [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
  CHS INC.  , 
  as an Originator 

By:   /s/ Timothy N. Skidmore 
  Name: Timothy N. Skidmore 
  Title: CFO 

CHS CAPITAL, LLC  , 
  as an Originator 

By:     /s/ Randy Nelson 
  Name: Randy Nelson 
  Title: President 

COFINA FUNDING, LLC  ,     as the Company 

By:   /s/ Eric Born    Name:  Eric Born Title: CCO 

S-  1        Sale Agreement 

ANNEX 1 
  UCC DETAILS SCHEDULE 
   (a)    Chief Executive Office 
       
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul Minnesota 55077 
    
  (b)    Locations Where Records Are Kept 
    
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
    
  (c)    Changes in Location or Name 
    
  Not Applicable 
    
  (d)    Federal Taxpayer ID Number 
    
  41-0251095 
    
  (e)    Jurisdiction of Organization 
    
  Minnesota  
    
  (f)    True Legal Name 
    
  CHS Inc. 
    
  (g)    Organizational Identification Number 
    
  COOP-1328 
  
   Annex 1, Page 1     

(2) 
    CHS CAPITAL, LLC: 
     (a)    Chief Executive Office 
       
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
    
  (b)    Locations Where Records Are Kept 
    
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
    
  (c)    Changes in Location or Name 
    
  Formerly known as Cofina Financial, LLC 
    
  (d)    Federal Taxpayer ID Number 
    
  20-2409352 
    
  (e)    Jurisdiction of Organization 
    
  Minnesota 
    
  (f)    True Legal Name 
    
  CHS Capital, LLC 
    
  (g)    Organizational Identification Number 
    
  1224194-2 

Annex 1, Page 2 

ANNEX 2 
  NOTICE INFORMATION 
  If to an Originator, to the following, as applicable: 
  CHS Inc. 
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
  Attention:  Brent Dickson 
  Tel: 651-355-5433 
  Fax: 800-232-3639 
  Email: brent.dickson@chsinc.com 
    
  CHS Capital, LLC 
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
  Attention:  Eric Born 
  Tel: 651-355-5479 
  Fax:  651-355-4917 
  Email: eric.born@chsinc.com 
    
  If to the Company: 
    
  Cofina Funding, LLC 
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
  Attention:  Eric Born 
  Tel: 651-355-5479 
  Fax:  651-355-4917 
  Email: eric.born@chsinc.com 
    
  With a copy to Administrative Agent at its address set forth in the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
  [With a copy to each Purchaser Agent at its address set forth in the Receivables Financing Agreement.] 

Annex 2, Page 1  

ANNEX 3 
  DESIGNATED LOAN AGREEMENTS 

Annex 3, Page 1  

SCHEDULE 1 
  Form of Purchase Notice 
  [date] 
  Cofina Funding, LLC 
  5500 Cenex Drive 
  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077 
  Attention:  Eric Born 
  Tel: 651-355-5479 
  Fax:  651-355-4917 
  Email: eric.born@chsinc.com 

The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch      1221 Avenue of the Americas 
  New York, New York 10020 
  Attention:  Securitization Group 
  Tel:  212-782-6957 
  Fax:  212-782-6448 
  Email:  securitization_reporting@us.mufg.jp 
    
  Reference is hereby made to that certain Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, among COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Company   ), CHS INC. (   CHS   ), a Minnesota corporation, as an originator, and CHS CAPITAL, LLC (   CHS Capital   ), a Minnesota limited liability company, as an originator (as it may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the    Agreement    capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in, or by reference in, the Agreement). 
  Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, [CHS] [CHS Capital] hereby provides notice to Company of the sale from such Originator to Company on [_____], 201[_] (the    Sale Date   ) of each of the Loans listed on the exhibit attached hereto (the    Pool Assets   ).  Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the aggregate Purchase Price for the Pool Assets shall be $[___________]. 
  Such Originator represents and warrants that as of the date hereof: 
  
   Schedule 1 

Each of the representations and warranties made by such Originator in the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the date hereof or, in the case of any representation or warranty which speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period. 
  Such Originator is in compliance in all material respects with each of its covenants and other obligations under the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents. 
  [Signature Pages Follow] 
  
   Schedule 1 

Upon acceptance by Company of this Purchase Notice and payment of the Purchase Price, Company hereby purchases or accepts, as applicable, and such Originator hereby sells or contributes, as applicable, all of such Originator s right, title and interest (but none of such Originator s underlying obligations to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor) with respect to the Assets set forth on the attached exhibit as of the date hereof. 
    
  [CHS INC., 
  as an Originator 

By:______________________________________ 
  Title:_____________________________________] 

[CHS CAPITAL, LLC, 
  as an Originator 

By:______________________________________ 
  Title:_____________________________________] 

COFINA FUNDING, LLC, 
  as the Company 

By:______________________________________ 
  Title:_____________________________________ 

Schedule 1 

List of [Receivable Documentation][Loan Documents] for [Account Debtor][Obligor] [____________]  Proposed for Sale as of ____________, 201_ 
                       Customer 
    Invoice Number 
    Invoice Amount 
    Due Date 
    Additional Days 

Schedule 1  

SCHEDULE 2 
  Form of Subordinated Note 
  SUBORDINATED NOTE 
  ______________, 201_ 
    
  Note  .  FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Cofina Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Company   ), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of   [  ORIGINATOR NAME  ]  , a(n) __________   ***[  corporation  ]     [  limited liability company  ]     ***   (   Originator   ), in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, on or before the date following the Termination Date which is one year and one day after the date on which (i) the Unpaid Balance of all Assets sold by Originator under the      Sale Agreement      referred to below has been reduced to zero and (ii) Originator has paid to the Company all indemnities, adjustments and other amounts which may be owed thereunder in connection with the Purchase thereunder (the    Collection Date   ), the aggregate unpaid principal sum outstanding of all      Subordinated Loans      made from time to time by Originator to the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of that certain Sale and Contribution Agreement dated as of July 22, 2016 among Originator and certain of its affiliates, as originators, and the Company (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Sale Agreement   ).  Reference to Section 2.3 of the Sale Agreement is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions under which the loans evidenced hereby have been and will be made.  All terms which are capitalized and used herein and which are not otherwise specifically defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Sale Agreement. 
  (I)      Interest  .  The Company further promises to pay interest on the outstanding unpaid principal amount hereof from the date hereof until payment in full hereof at a rate equal to the 1-month LIBOR rate published in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first Business Day of each month (or portion thereof) during the term of this Subordinated Note, computed for actual days elapsed on the basis of a year consisting of 360 days and changing on the first business day of each month hereafter (   LIBOR      provided  ,   however  ,   that if the Company shall default in the payment of any principal hereof, the Company promises to pay, on demand, interest at the rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.50 %   per annum   on any such unpaid amounts, from the date such payment is due to the date of actual payment.  Interest shall be payable on the first Business Day of each month in arrears;   provided  ,   however  ,   that the Company may elect on the date any interest payment is due hereunder to defer such payment and upon such election the amount of interest due but unpaid on such date shall constitute principal under this Subordinated Note.  The outstanding principal of any loan made under this Subordinated Note shall be due and payable on the Collection Date and may be repaid or prepaid at any time without premium or penalty. 
  (II)        Principal Payments  .  Originator is authorized and directed by the Company to enter on the grid attached hereto, or, at its option, in its books and records, the date and amount of each loan made by it which is evidenced by this Subordinated Note and the amount of each payment of principal made by the Company, and absent manifest error, such entries shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so entered;   provided that   neither the failure  
  
   Schedule 2-1 

of Originator to make any such entry or any error therein shall expand, limit or affect the obligations of the Company hereunder. 
  (III)        Subordination  .  Originator shall have the right to receive, and the Company shall make, any and all payments and prepayments relating to the loans made under this Subordinated Note so long as after giving effect to any such payment or prepayment, the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Assets owned by the Company at such time exceeds the sum of (a) the Total Investment, Yield and all other amounts owed to the Affected Parties at such time under the Receivables Financing Agreement, plus (b) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all loans made under this Subordinated Note.  Originator hereby agrees that at any time during which the conditions set forth in the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be satisfied, Originator shall be subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment of any indebtedness or obligation of the Company owing to the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party under that certain Receivables Financing Agreement dated as of July 22, 2016 by and among the Company, CHS Inc., as initial Servicer (the    Servicer   ), various Purchaser Groups  from time to time party thereto, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as the administrative agent (the    Administrative Agent   ) (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Receivables Financing Agreement   ).  The subordination provisions contained herein are for the direct benefit of, and may be enforced by, the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers and/or any of their respective assignees (collectively, the    Senior Claimants   ) under the Receivables Financing Agreement.  Until the date on which the  Total Investment  outstanding under the Receivables Financing Agreement has been repaid in full and all other obligations of the Company and/or the Servicer thereunder and under the      Fee Letter      referenced therein (all such obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted), collectively, the    Senior Claim   ) have been indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full,  Originator shall not institute against the Company any proceeding of the type described in Section 8.16 of the Sale Agreement unless and until the Collection Date has occurred.  Should any payment, distribution or security or proceeds thereof be received by Originator in violation of this   Section III  , Originator agrees that such payment shall be segregated, received and held in trust for the benefit of, and deemed to be the property of, and shall be immediately paid over and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Senior Claimants. 
  (IV)        Bankruptcy; Insolvency  .  Upon the occurrence of any proceeding of the type described in Section 8.16 of the Sale Agreement involving the Company as debtor, then and in any such event the Senior Claimants shall receive payment in full of all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of the Total Investment and the Senior Claim (including  Yield  as defined and as accruing under the Receivables Financing Agreement after the commencement of any such proceeding, whether or not any or all of such Yield is an allowable claim in any such proceeding) before Originator is entitled to receive payment on account of this Subordinated Note, and to that end, any payment or distribution of assets of the Company of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities or other property, in any applicable insolvency proceeding, which would otherwise be payable to or deliverable upon or with respect to any or all indebtedness under this Subordinated Note, is hereby assigned to and shall be paid or delivered by the Person making such payment or delivery (whether a trustee in bankruptcy, a receiver, custodian or liquidating trustee or otherwise)  
  
   Schedule 2-2 

directly to the Administrative Agent for application to, or as collateral for the payment of, the Senior Claim until such Senior Claim shall have been paid in full and satisfied. 
  (V)      Amendments  .  This Subordinated Note shall not be amended or modified except in accordance with Section 8.1 of the Sale Agreement.  The terms of this Subordinated Note may not be amended or otherwise modified without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. 
  (VI)      GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE HAS BEEN MADE AND DELIVERED AT NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  WHEREVER POSSIBLE EACH PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN SUCH MANNER AS TO BE EFFECTIVE AND VALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, BUT IF ANY PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE INEFFECTIVE TO THE EXTENT OF SUCH PROHIBITION OR INVALIDITY, WITHOUT INVALIDATING THE REMAINDER OF SUCH PROVISION OR THE REMAINING PROVISIONS OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE. 
  (VII)        Waivers  .  All parties hereto, whether as makers, endorsers, or otherwise, severally waive presentment for payment, demand, protest and notice of dishonor.  Originator additionally expressly waives all notice of the acceptance by any Senior Claimant of the subordination and other provisions of this Subordinated Note and expressly waives reliance by any Senior Claimant upon the subordination and other provisions herein provided. 
  (VIII)        Assignment  .  This Subordinated Note may not be assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred to any party other than Originator without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, and any such attempted transfer shall be void. 
  COFINA FUNDING, LLC 
  By:        
  Title: 

Schedule 2-3 

Schedule 
  to 
  SUBORDINATED NOTE 
  SUBORDINATED LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL 
                       DATE 
    AMOUNT OF 
  SUBORDINATED 
  LOAN 
    AMOUNT OF PRINCIPAL 
  PAID 
    UNPAID 
  PRINCIPAL 
  BALANCE 
       
  NOTATION MADE BY (INITIALS) 

Schedule 2-1 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 4
 ex-1041receivablesfinancin.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.41

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.41 
    
  EXECUTION VERSION 

RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
  Dated as of July 22, 2016 
  among 
  CHS INC., 
  individually and as Servicer, 
  COFINA FUNDING, LLC, 
  as Seller, 
  THE VARIOUS CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS, AND PURCHASER AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
  and 
  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, 
  as Administrative Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  Page 

ARTICLE I 
      
    PURCHASES AND REINVESTMENTS 
    2 

SECTION 1.1 
      
    Purchases; Limits on Purchasers  Obligations 
    2 

SECTION 1.2 
      
    Purchase Procedures; Assignment of Seller s Interests 
    2 

SECTION 1.3 
      
    Reinvestments of Certain Collections; Payment of Remaining Collections; Asset Interest 
    6 
      
      ARTICLE II 
      
    COMPUTATIONAL RULES 
    8 

SECTION 2.1 
      
    Selection of Rate Tranches 
    8 

SECTION 2.2 
      
    Computation of each Purchaser Group Investment and each Purchaser s Tranche Investment 
    8 

SECTION 2.3 
      
    Computation of Account Debtor Concentration Limit, Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount, Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and Unpaid Balance 
    9 

SECTION 2.4 
      
    Computation of Yield 
    9 

SECTION 2.5 
      
    Estimates of Yield Rate, Fees, Etc 
    9 
      
      ARTICLE III 
      
    SETTLEMENTS 
    10 

SECTION 3.1 
      
    Settlement Procedures 
    10 

SECTION 3.2 
      
    Deemed Collections; Event of Repurchase; Reduction of Total Investment, Etc 
    13 

SECTION 3.3 
      
    Payments and Computations, Etc 
    15 

SECTION 3.4 
      
    Treatment of Collections and Deemed Collections 
    19 
      
      ARTICLE IV 
      
    FEES AND YIELD PROTECTION 
    19 

SECTION 4.1 
      
    Fees 
    19 

SECTION 4.2 
      
    Yield Protection 
    19 

SECTION 4.3 
      
    Funding Losses 
    22 
      
      ARTICLE V 
      
    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
    22 

SECTION 5.1 
      
    Closing Date 
    22 

SECTION 5.2 
      
    Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments 
    24 
      
      ARTICLE VI 
      
    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    24 

SECTION 6.1 
      
    Representations and Warranties of Seller 
    24 

SECTION 6.2 
      
    Representations and Warranties of CHS 
    29 
      
      ARTICLE VII 
      
    GENERAL COVENANTS OF SELLER AND SERVICER 
    33 

SECTION 7.1 
      
    Covenants of Seller 
    33 

i 

    TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  (continued) 
  Page 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  (continued) 
  Page 

iii 

APPENDIX A    Definitions 
    
  SCHEDULE I    Payment Instructions 
  SCHEDULE II    Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdictions 
  SCHEDULE 13.2    Addresses for Notices 
    
  EXHIBIT A    Credit and Collection Policy 
           EXHIBIT B 
    Collection Accounts; Lockboxes; Originator Specified Accounts;     Concentration Account 
     EXHIBIT C    Purchaser Groups 
  EXHIBIT D    Form of Loan Documents 
  EXHIBIT E    Form of Obligor Note 
  EXHIBIT 3.1(a)    Form of Information Package 

iv 

RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
  This   RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT,   dated as of July 22, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), is among CHS INC., a Minnesota corporation (   CHS   ), individually and as initial Servicer, COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Seller   ), the various CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party hereto, and THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH (   BTMU   ), as administrative agent on behalf of the Affected Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
  B     A     C     K     G     R     O     U     N     D  : 
  1.    Originators have, and expect to have, Receivables and Loans which Originators intend to absolutely and irrevocably sell or contribute, as applicable, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
  2.    Seller is a special purpose, bankruptcy-remote, limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CHS. 
  3.    Seller, in turn, intends to sell to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Purchasers, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Pool Assets and certain other related assets and proceeds of the foregoing which Seller is acquiring from Originators. 
  4.    Seller has requested that Administrative Agent on behalf of Purchasers, and Administrative Agent on behalf of Purchasers has agreed, subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, to purchase such Pool Assets and certain other related assets, referred to herein as the Asset Interest, from Seller from time to time during the term of this Agreement. 
  5.    Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, certain of the daily Collections in respect of the Asset Interest be reinvested in Pool Assets, which Reinvestment shall constitute part of the Asset Interest. 
  6.    Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that, pursuant to the terms hereof, CHS be appointed, and act, as the initial Servicer of the Pool Assets. 
  7.    Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that Performance Guarantor guarantee the obligations of the Originators and Servicer under the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of the Performance Guaranty. 
  8.    BTMU has been requested, and is willing, to act as Administrative Agent. 
  9.    Each of the Purchaser Agents has been requested by the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, and is willing, to act as Purchaser Agent for such Purchasers. 

NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined in (or by reference in)   Appendix A  , and the other interpretive provisions set out in   Appendix A   shall be applied in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
  ARTICLE I       PURCHASES AND REINVESTMENTS 
  SECTION 1.1        Purchases; Limits on Purchasers  Obligations  .  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, from time to time prior to the Purchase Termination Date, Seller may request that Administrative Agent, on behalf of Conduit Purchasers or, if any Conduit Purchaser is unable or unwilling to make a purchase, the related Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Group, purchase from Seller the Asset Interest and Administrative Agent, on behalf of Conduit Purchasers or, if any Conduit Purchaser is unable or unwilling to make a purchase, the related Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Group, shall make a purchase (each such payment being a    Purchase   ) in an amount (the    Purchase Price   ) equal in each instance to the lesser of:  (i) the amount requested by Seller under   Section 1.2(a)  , and (ii) the largest amount that will not cause (a) with respect to any Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment to exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, (b) the aggregate Total Investment to exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment, or (c) the Total Investment to exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, in each case, at such time;   provided  ,   however  , that if any requested Conduit Purchaser is unwilling or unable for any reason to make such Purchase, Seller shall be deemed to have requested that the related Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group make such Purchase subject to the limitations set forth in the foregoing   clause (ii)  .  Each Purchase made pursuant to this   Section 1.1   shall be in an amount at least equal to $5,000,000     and, in each case, in integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof.  Each Committed Purchaser hereby agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, to make Purchases deemed to be so requested by Seller under this   Section 1.1   if its related Conduit Purchaser in such Committed Purchaser s Purchaser Group is unable or unwilling to make such Purchase, so long as after giving effect to such Purchase (and any other Purchase to be made on such date) (i) the aggregate Total Investment would not exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment, (ii) the Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment would not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, and (iii) the aggregate Total Investment would not exceed the sum of the Loan Investment Base and the Receivables Investment Base, in each case, at such time.  At no time shall a Conduit Purchaser that is not a Committed Purchaser have any obligation or commitment to make any Purchase. 
  SECTION 1.2        Purchase Procedures; Assignment of Seller s Interests  . 
  (a)      Notice of Purchase  .  Each Purchase shall be made on notice from Seller to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent received by Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day preceding the date of such proposed Purchase.  Each such notice of a proposed Purchase  
  
   2 

shall specify (A) the desired amount and date of such proposed Purchase (which shall be a Business Day), (B) the amount of such proposed Purchase to be allocated to each Purchaser Group in accordance with each Purchaser Group s Ratable Share, and (C) a pro forma calculation of the Asset Interest after giving effect to such Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on such day;   provided  ,   however  , that Seller shall not request, and the Purchasers shall not be required to fund, more than six (6) Purchases per calendar month (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall not, however, restrain the making of Reinvestments of Collections in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any calendar month).  If any Conduit Purchaser is willing and able, in its sole discretion, to make its Ratable Share of a Purchase requested of it pursuant to this   Section 1.2(a)   subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Conduit Purchaser shall make such Purchase by transferring such amount in accordance with   clause (b)   below on the requested date of Purchase.  If any Conduit Purchaser is unwilling or unable for any reason to make its Ratable Share of such Purchase, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, shall make its Ratable Share of such Purchase by transferring such amount in accordance with   clause (b)   below. 
  (b)        Payment of Purchase Price  .  On the date of each Purchase hereunder, the applicable Purchasers, or the related Purchaser Agent, shall, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth herein (including in   Article V  ), make available to the Seller their Ratable Share of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to such Purchase in immediately available funds at the following account: 
  Holder Name:     COFINA FUNDING, LLC  Bank Name:     BMO Harris Bank, N.A.  Address:    320 E. Lake St., Minneapolis, MN 55408 
  Account Number:     ########  ABA Number:    071000288 
  Reference:    Cofina Funding Securitization Program  
  (Attn: Brent Dickson) 
  or such other account as designated from time to time by Seller in a written notice to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
  (c)        Assignment of Asset Interest  .  Seller hereby absolutely and irrevocably sells, assigns and transfers to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) (ratably, according to each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment), upon the payment of the aggregate Purchase Price, effective on and as of the date of each Purchase and Reinvestment hereunder, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all Pool Assets and Related Assets and all proceeds of any of the foregoing, whether currently owned or existing or thereafter arising, acquired or originated, or in which Seller now or hereafter has any rights, and wherever so located (the assets so assigned to include not only the Pool Assets and Related Assets existing as of the date of such Purchase but also all future Pool Assets and the Related Assets acquired by Seller from time to time as provided in   Section 1.3  ). 
  
   3 

On any date the Asset Interest will represent Purchasers  ownership interest in all then outstanding Pool Assets and all Related Assets with respect thereto (including all Collections and other proceeds thereof as described in this   Section 1.2(c)  ), as at such date.  On any date, the Asset Interest will be equal to a percentage, expressed as the following fraction: 
  TI + RR    NPB 
  where: 
                   TI 
    = 
    Total Investment; 
      RR 
    = 
    the Required Reserves; and 
      NPB 
    = 
    the Net Pool Balance; 

in each case as of that date;   provided   that the Asset Interest will remain constant at 100% of the Net Pool Balance at all times on and after the Purchase Termination Date until the Final Payout Date.  Administrative Agent s right, title and interest in and to such assets, for the benefit of the Purchasers, is herein called the    Asset Interest   . 
  (d)        Characterization as a Purchase and Sale; Recharacterization  .  It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the conveyance of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the Asset Interest to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute a purchase and sale and not a pledge, and such purchase and sale of the Asset Interest to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) hereunder shall be treated as a sale for all purposes other than (i) U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes and (ii) accounting purposes.  The provisions of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents shall be construed to further these intentions of the parties. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the conveyance of the Asset Interest to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) is characterized by any Governmental Authority, bankruptcy trustee or any other Person as a pledge, the parties intend that Seller shall be deemed hereunder to have granted, and Seller does hereby grant, to Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Affected Parties) a security interest to secure Seller s obligations hereunder in the Asset Interest as provided in   Section 9.1   hereof.  Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and intends that no Purchase hereunder shall constitute, or be deemed to constitute, a Security under U.S. securities laws or within the meaning of the UCC.  The provisions of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents shall be construed to further these intentions of the parties hereto. 
  (e)        Tax and Accounting Treatment  . 
  (i)        It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes and for accounting purposes, each  
  
   4 

Purchase will be treated as a loan from the applicable Purchaser to Seller (it being understood that all payments to the Purchasers, in their capacity as such, representing Yield, fees and other amounts accrued under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents shall be deemed to constitute interest payments). 
  (ii)        The Seller and the Servicer, by entering into this Agreement, and Purchasers, by funding the purchase of the Asset Interest, agree to treat the purchase of the Asset Interest for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes and for accounting purposes as creating indebtedness.  The provisions of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents shall be construed to further these intentions of the parties to this Agreement. 
  (f)        Purchasers  Limitation on Payments  .  Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, none of the Purchasers, Purchaser Agents or Administrative Agent shall, and none of them shall be obligated (whether on behalf of a Purchaser or otherwise) to, pay any amount to Seller as a Reinvestment under   Section 1.3  , except to the extent that Collections are available for distribution to Seller for such purpose in accordance with this Agreement.  In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the obligations of any Conduit Purchaser under this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be payable by such Conduit Purchaser solely to the extent of funds received from Seller in accordance herewith or from any party to any Transaction Document in accordance with the terms thereof in excess of funds necessary to pay such Person s matured and maturing Commercial Paper Notes or other senior indebtedness when due.  Any amount which Administrative Agent, a Purchaser Agent or a Purchaser is not obligated to pay pursuant to the operation of the two preceding sentences shall not constitute a claim (as defined in   101 of the Bankruptcy Code) against, or corporate obligation of, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or Administrative Agent, as applicable, for any such insufficiency unless and until such amount becomes available for distribution to Seller pursuant to the terms hereof. 
  (g)        Obligations Not Assumed  .  The foregoing sale, assignment and transfer does not constitute, and is not intended to result in, the creation or an assumption by Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser of any obligation or liability of Seller, each Originator, Servicer, or any other Person under or in connection with all, or any portion of, the Asset Interest (including the Pool Assets and Related Assets), all of which shall remain the obligations and liabilities of Seller, each Originator, Servicer and such other Persons, as applicable. 
  (h)        Obligations  . Each Committed Purchaser s obligations hereunder shall be several, such that the failure of any Committed Purchaser to make a payment in connection with any Purchase hereunder shall not relieve any other Committed Purchaser of its obligations hereunder to make payment for any Purchase. 
  
   5 

SECTION 1.3        Reinvestments of Certain Collections; Payment of Remaining Collections; Asset Interest  . 
  (a)        On the close of business on each Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the Final Payout Date, Servicer shall, on behalf of Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Affected Parties), out of all Collections from Pool Assets received since the end of the immediately preceding Business Day: 
  (i)    set aside and hold in trust for Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties, an amount (based on information provided by Administrative Agent pursuant to   Article II  ) equal to the sum of (a) the estimated amount of Yield accrued in respect of each Rate Tranche, (b) all other amounts due to Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents, Purchasers or any other Affected Party hereunder (including Deemed Collections, Repurchase Payments and costs and expenses described in   Section 13.6  ), (c) all Custodian fees and expenses due to the Custodian under the Custodian Agreement and (d) the Servicing Fee (in each case, accrued through such day and not so previously set aside or anticipated to accrue through the end of the then current Settlement Period, as determined by Servicer based upon, among other relevant information, the then outstanding Total Investment and the Yield Rates then in effect); and 
  (ii)        subject to   Sections 3.1(c)(iv)   and   3.2(c)  , apply such Collections as are not required to be set aside and held in trust pursuant to   clause (i)   above (including any such Collections not set aside but commingled), to pay Seller for additional Pool Assets and Related Assets with respect to such Pool Assets (each such purchase being a    Reinvestment      provided  , that, (A) if (I) the Total Investment would exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, (II) any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment would exceed the related Purchaser Group Commitment or (III) the Total Investment would exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment (in each case, at such time and after giving effect to such Reinvestment), then Servicer (for the benefit of the Purchasers) shall only make Reinvestments after first setting aside and holding in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties in accordance with   Section 3.4  , a portion of such Collections which, together with other Collections previously set aside for such purpose and then so held, shall equal the amount necessary to reduce (i) the Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers  Total Commitment, (ii) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment to an amount equal to or less than the related Purchaser Group Commitment and (iii) the Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, in each case, at such time (any remaining Collections after giving effect to this   proviso   shall then be applied as described above in this   Section 1.3(a)(ii)  ); and (B) if the conditions precedent to Reinvestment in   clause (a)  ,   (b)   or   (d)   of   Section 5.2   are not satisfied or no Reinvestments are to be made in accordance  
  
   6 

with   Section 3.2(c)  , then Servicer shall not apply any of such remaining Collections to a Reinvestment. 
  (b)        Unreinvested Collections  .  Subject to   Sections 1.3(a)(ii)   and   3.1(c)(iv)  , Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent on behalf of the applicable Affected Parties, all Collections which, pursuant to   clause (ii)   of   Section 1.3(a)  , may not be reinvested in the Pool Assets and Related Assets.  If, prior to the date when such Collections are required to be paid to the applicable Purchaser Agents for the benefit of the applicable Affected Parties, pursuant to   Section 1.3(c)  , the amount of Collections so set aside exceeds the amount, if any, necessary to reduce (i) the Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers  Total Commitment, (ii) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment to an amount equal to or less than the related Purchaser Group Commitment and (iii) Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base (in each case, at such time), and the conditions precedent to Reinvestment set forth in   clauses (a)  ,   (b)   and   (d)   of   Section 5.2   are satisfied and Reinvestments are permitted in accordance with   Section 3.2(c)  , then Servicer shall apply such Collections (or, if less, a portion of such Collections equal to the amount of such excess) in accordance with   Section 1.3(a)(ii)   to the making of a Reinvestment. 
  (c)        Payment of Amounts Set Aside  . 
  (i)        Servicer shall pay all amounts of Collections set aside and held in trust pursuant to   clause (i)   of   Section 1.3(a)   in respect of Yield on a Rate Tranche not funded by the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes (including under a Liquidity Agreement or an Enhancement Agreement) to the applicable Purchaser Agent on the last day of the then current Yield Period for such Rate Tranche based on information provided by such Purchaser Agent pursuant to   Article II  , or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any such Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days  prior written notice to Servicer. 
  (ii)        Servicer shall pay all amounts of Collections set aside and held in trust pursuant to   clause (i)   of   Section 1.3(a)   above and not applied pursuant to   clause (i)   of this   Section 1.3(c)   to the applicable Purchaser Agent on the Settlement Date for each Settlement Period, as provided in   Section 3.1  , or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any such Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days  prior written notice to Servicer. 
  (iii)        Servicer shall pay all amounts set aside and held in trust pursuant to   Section 1.3(b)   above (and not otherwise applied pursuant to the last sentence of such Section) to the applicable Purchaser Agent for the account of the Affected Parties (A) on the last day of the then current Yield Period for any Rate Tranche not funded by the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes in an amount not exceeding each  
  
   7 

Committed Purchaser s Tranche Investment of such Rate Tranche (based on information provided by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to   Article II  ), and (B) on the Settlement Date for each Settlement Period, as provided in   Section 3.1  , in an amount not exceeding each Conduit Purchaser s Tranche Investment of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes (based on information provided by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to   Article II  ), or, in the case of   clause (A)   or   clause (B)   above, during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days  prior written notice to Servicer. 
  (d)        Reduction of Total Investment  .  Neither the Total Investment nor any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment, shall be reduced by the amount of Collections set aside pursuant to this Section unless and until such Collections are actually received by the applicable Purchaser Agent for application hereunder to reduce Total Investment and the applicable Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment in accordance with the terms hereof. 
  ARTICLE II           COMPUTATIONAL RULES 
  SECTION 2.1        Selection of Rate Tranches  .  Subject to the requirements set forth in this   Article II  , each Purchaser Agent shall from time to time, only for purposes of computing Yield with respect to each Purchaser in its Purchaser Group, account for the Asset Interest in terms of one or more Rate Tranches, and the applicable Yield Rate may be different for each Rate Tranche.  Each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment shall be allocated to each Rate Tranche by the related Purchaser Agent to reflect the funding sources for each portion of the Asset Interest, so that: 
  (a)        there will be one or more Rate Tranches, selected by each Purchaser Agent, reflecting the portion, if any, of the Asset Interest funded or maintained by its related Committed Purchaser other than through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes (including by outstanding Liquidity Advances or by funding under an Enhancement Agreement); and 
  (b)        there will be a Rate Tranche, selected by each Purchaser Agent, equal to the excess of such Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Investment over the aggregate amounts allocated at such time pursuant to   clause (a)   above, which Rate Tranche shall reflect the portion of the Asset Interest funded or maintained by Commercial Paper Notes. 
  SECTION 2.2        Computation of each Purchaser Group Investment and each Purchaser s Tranche Investment  .  In making any determination of any Total Investment, any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment and any Purchaser s Tranche Investment, the following rules shall apply: 
  (a)        each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment shall not be considered reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any portion of Collections unless  
  
   8 

such Collections shall have been actually received by the applicable Purchaser Agent in accordance with the terms hereof; 
  (b)        each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment (or any other amounts payable under any Transaction Document) shall not be considered reduced (or paid) by any distribution of any portion of Collections or other payments, as applicable, if at any time such distribution or payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason; and 
  (c)        if there is any reduction in any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment, there shall be a corresponding reduction (in the aggregate) in such Purchaser s Tranche Investment with respect to one or more Rate Tranches selected by the related Purchaser Agent in its sole discretion (subject to   Section 1.3(c)(iii)  ). 
  SECTION 2.3        Computation of Account Debtor Concentration Limit, Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount, Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and Unpaid Balance  .  In the case of any Account Debtor which is an Affiliate of any other Account Debtor, the Account Debtor Concentration Limit, the Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Pool Receivables of such Account Debtors shall be calculated as if such Account Debtors were one Account Debtor.  In the case of any Obligor which is an Affiliate of any other Obligor, the Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Pool Loans of such Obligors shall be calculated as if such Obligors were one Obligor. 
  SECTION 2.4        Computation of Yield  .  In making any determination of Yield, the following rules shall apply: 
  (a)        each Purchaser Agent shall determine the Yield accruing with respect to each Rate Tranche for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, based on the Yield Period therefor determined in accordance with   Section 2.1   and the other terms hereof (or, in the case of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes, each Settlement Period), in accordance with the definition of Yield; 
  (b)        no provision of this Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Yield in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law; and 
  (c)        Yield for any Rate Tranche shall not be considered paid by any distribution or other payment if at any time such distribution or payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason. 
  SECTION 2.5        Estimates of Yield Rate, Fees, Etc  .  It is understood and agreed that (a) the Yield Rate for any Rate Tranche may change from one applicable Yield Period or Settlement Period to the next, and the applicable Bank Rate, Base Rate or CP Rate used to calculate the applicable Yield Rate may, to the extent set forth in the definitions thereof contained in   Appendix A   hereto, change from time to time and at any time during an applicable Yield Period or Settlement Period, (b) any rate information provided by any Purchaser Agent to Seller or Servicer shall be based upon such Purchaser Agent s good faith estimate, (c) the amount of Yield actually accrued with respect to a Rate Tranche during any Yield Period (or, in the case of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial  
  
   9 

Paper Notes, any Settlement Period) may exceed, or be less than, the amount set aside with respect thereto by Servicer, and (d) the amount of fees and amounts provided for in   Section 4.3   payable to any Affected Party accrued hereunder with respect to any Settlement Period may exceed, or be less than, the amount set aside with respect thereto by Servicer.  Failure to set aside any amount so accrued shall not relieve Servicer of its obligation to remit Collections to the applicable Purchaser Agent or otherwise to any other Person with respect to such accrued amount, as and to the extent provided in   Section 3.1  . 
  ARTICLE III           SETTLEMENTS 
  SECTION 3.1        Settlement Procedures  . 
  The parties hereto will take the following actions with respect to each Settlement Period: 
  (a)      Information Package  .  On the twentieth (20   th   ) day of each calendar month (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) following the Cut-Off Date for such Settlement Period (each a    Reporting Date    for and related to the Settlement Period ending immediately prior to such date), Servicer shall deliver to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent an e-mail attaching an Excel file and a file in .pdf or similar format signed by Servicer containing the information described in   Exhibit 3.1(a)  , including the information calculated by Servicer pursuant to this   Section 3.1   (each, an    Information Package   ) for the related Settlement Period;   provided   that Administrative Agent may modify, in any reasonable respect, the information required to be provided by Servicer in, or the form of, the Information Package upon reasonable prior notice to Servicer;   provided     further   that during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent may request, in its sole discretion, Servicer to, and Servicer agrees to, deliver any information related to the Asset Interest or the transactions contemplated hereby as Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent shall request (including a calculation of Required Reserves and each component thereof) on each Business Day. 
  (b)        Yield; Other Amounts Due  .  On or before the second (2   nd   ) Business Day prior to the Reporting Date for each Settlement Period, each Purchaser Agent shall notify Servicer of (i) the amount of Yield accrued in respect of each related Rate Tranche for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group during such Settlement Period and (ii) all fees and other amounts accrued and payable or to be paid by Seller under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents on the related Settlement Date (other than amounts described in   clause (c)   below) to such Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in, or Affected Party related to, its Purchaser Group.  Seller (or Servicer on its behalf), on the Settlement Date for such Settlement Period, or when otherwise required hereunder prior to each such date, shall pay such Yield and all fees and other amounts due in respect of such Settlement Period to the applicable Purchaser Agent or Affected Party out of amounts set aside pursuant to   Section 1.3   for such purpose and, to the extent such amounts were not so set aside, Seller hereby agrees to pay such  
  
   10 

amounts (notwithstanding any limitation on recourse or other liability limitation contained herein to pay such amounts) to the applicable Purchaser Agent or Affected Party. 
  (c)        Settlement Computations  . 
  (i)        Before each Reporting Date, Servicer shall compute, as of the most recent Cut-Off Date and based upon the assumption in the next sentence, (A) the Asset Interest, the Total Investment, the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group, the Required Reserves, the Required Loan Reserves, the Required Receivable Reserves, the Loan Investment Base, the Receivables Investment Base, the Net Loan Pool Balance, the Net Receivables Pool Balance, the Net Pool Balance and each component of each of the foregoing, (B) the amount of the reduction or increase (if any) in each of the Required Reserves, the Required Receivable Reserves, the Required Loan Reserves, the Net Receivables Pool Balance, the Net Loan Pool Balance, the Net Pool Balance, the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group, the Loan Investment Base, the Receivables Investment Base and the Total Investment since the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date, (C) the excess (if any) of the aggregate Total Investment over the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, (D) the excess (if any) of the Total Investment, over the Purchasers  Total Commitment, (E) the excess (if any) of the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group, over the Purchaser Group Commitment of each such Purchaser Group and (F) each of the components of any of the foregoing.  Such calculations shall be based upon the assumption that Collections set aside pursuant to   Section 1.3(b)   (and not otherwise applied in accordance with such Section) will be paid to the applicable Purchaser Agent for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers in its Purchaser Group in accordance with the related Purchaser Group s Ratable Share of such Collections on the Settlement Date for the Settlement Period related to such Reporting Date. 
  (ii)        If, according to the computations made pursuant to   clause (i)   of this   Section 3.1(c)  , the Total Investment at such time shall exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, the Total Investment at such time shall exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment or the Purchaser Group Investment of any Purchaser Group shall exceed the Purchaser Group Commitment of such Purchaser Group, Servicer shall, on behalf of Seller, (i) promptly notify Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent thereof and (ii) immediately pay to the applicable Purchaser Agents for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers the amount necessary to reduce (A) the Total Investment to no more than the Purchasers  Total Commitment, (B) the aggregate Total Investment to no more than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base at such time and (C) the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group to no more than the Purchaser Group Commitment of each such Purchaser Group, as applicable. 
  (iii)        The payment described in   clause (ii)   of this   Section 3.1(c)   shall be made out of amounts set aside pursuant to   Section 1.3   for such purpose and, to the  
  
   11 

extent such amounts were not so set aside, Seller hereby agrees to pay such amounts (notwithstanding any limitation on recourse or other liability limitation contained herein to pay such amounts) to Servicer during the relevant Settlement Period.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, on any date on or prior to the Final Payout Date, if the Total Investment exceeds the sum of the Loan Investment Base and the Receivables Investment Base at such time, Servicer shall immediately pay to each Purchaser Agent (ratably, based on the Purchaser Group Investment of such Purchaser Agent s Purchaser Group at such time) an amount equal to such excess. 
  (iv)        In addition to the payments described in   clause (ii)   of this   Section 3.1(c)  , during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Servicer shall pay to each Purchaser Agent the Ratable Share of its Purchaser Group of all other Collections on all Pool Assets, whether or not required to be set aside pursuant to   Section 1.3   on the dates specified pursuant to   Section 1.3(c)  . 
  (d)        Order of Application  .  Servicer (for the benefit of the Affected Parties) shall distribute the funds required to be distributed pursuant to this   Section 3.1   with respect to any Settlement Period, in the following order of priority: 
  (i)        to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Yield) Yield accrued and unpaid on all Rate Tranches for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group howsoever funded or maintained during the related Settlement Period; 
  (ii)        to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Unused Fee) the accrued and unpaid Unused Fee for its Purchaser Group and to the accrued and unpaid Program Fee for its Purchase Group; 
  (iii)        to the Servicer all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee (if Servicer is not CHS or an Affiliate thereof); 
  (iv)        to the Custodian, any fees then due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to that certain Schedule of Fees for Services as Custodian for Cofina Funding, LLC  Seller  The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch,  Administrative Agent  Secured Facility, dated as of July 21, 2016; 
  (v)        to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Person) accrued and unpaid amounts owed to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent hereunder (including all fees payable to Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Purchasers pursuant to the Fee Letter other than fees paid pursuant to   clause (ii)   above); 
  
   12 

(vi)        to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the related Purchaser Group Investment), the reduction of Total Investment, to the extent such reduction is required under   Section 3.1(c)   or   3.2(c)   or, during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, with respect to each Purchaser Group,   first  , to pay any outstanding Commercial Paper (as defined in the UCC) funding or maintaining the related Purchaser Group Investment and   second  , to ratably reduce the remainder of the related Purchaser Group Investment; 
  (vii)        to (A) the Custodian, any fees and expenses then due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to the Custodian Agreement and not paid pursuant to   Section 3.1(d)(iv)   above and (B) each Affected Party (or the related Purchaser Agent on their behalf) ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Obligations) accrued and unpaid Obligations owed to such Affected Parties; and 
  (viii)        to the Servicer all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee (if Servicer is CHS or an Affiliate thereof). 
  (e)        Non-Distribution of Servicing Fee  .  If Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent consent (which consent is granted as of the Closing Date but which consent shall be deemed to have been revoked upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), the amounts (if any) set aside by Servicer pursuant to   Section 1.3   in respect of the Servicing Fee may be retained by Servicer or any permitted subservicer for its own account.  To the extent Servicer sets aside and retains such amounts, no distribution shall be made in respect of such amounts pursuant to   clause (d)(iv)   or   clause (d)(viii)   above. 
  SECTION 3.2        Deemed Collections; Event of Repurchase; Reduction of Total Investment, Etc  . 
  (a)        Deemed Collections  .  If, on any day, the Unpaid Balance of a Pool Asset is reduced (but not cancelled) as a result of any Dilution, Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of such reduction.  If, on any day, a Pool Asset is canceled (or reduced to zero) as a result of any Dilution, Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of the Unpaid Balance (as determined immediately prior to such Dilution) of such Pool Asset.  If, on any day, the Unpaid Balance of a Pool Asset is less than the amount included in calculating the Net Pool Balance for purposes of any Information Package (for any reason other than such Pool Asset becoming a Defaulted Loan or Defaulted Receivable, as applicable, or due to the application of Collections received with respect to such Pool Asset), Seller shall be deemed to have received a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of such difference.  Any amount deemed to have been received under this   Section 3.2(a)   shall constitute a    Deemed Collection   .  In the event of any such Deemed Collection, Seller shall, if (i) the Liquidation Period has commenced, or (ii) the aggregate Total Investment at such time exceeds the sum of the Loan Investment Base and Receivables Investment Base at such time after giving effect to such Deemed Collection, deposit an amount equal to such Deemed  
  
   13 

Collection into the Concentration Account by no later than the fourth (4   th   ) Business Day after Seller or Servicer obtains knowledge or notice thereof (or during the Liquidation Period, within two (2) Business Days from the event giving rise to such Deemed Collection) for application as provided in this Agreement. 
  (b)        Repurchase Event  .  If any of the following events (each, an    Event of Repurchase   ) occurs and is continuing with respect to a Pool Asset: 
  (i)        any representation or warranty by Seller hereunder with respect to such Pool Asset is incorrect either (A) in any material respect or (B) in any manner that adversely affects the value or collectability of such Pool Asset, in each case, when made or deemed made; 
  (ii)        Seller or Servicer fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement with respect to such Pool Asset set forth in any Transaction Document or any related Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents, as applicable, on its part to be performed or observed and such failure shall or could reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the ability to collect the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Asset on the due date thereof; or 
  (iii)    either (A) Seller or Servicer instructs the related Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any amount with respect to such Pool Asset to an account other than a Lockbox,     an Originator Specified Account,     a Collection Account or the Concentration Account or (B) the related Account Debtor or Obligor refuses to make any payment to a Lockbox,     an Originator Specified Account,     a Collection Account or the Concentration Account (unless to the extent such refusal to pay is due to the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to such Account Debtor or Obligor)), 
  then, Seller shall immediately deliver notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and, at the time, in the manner and otherwise as hereinafter set forth, repurchase such Pool Asset at the Administrative Agent s option and demand;   provided  ,   however  , that if a  Sale Agreement Event of Repurchase  (as defined in the Sale Agreement) shall have occurred under the Sale Agreement with respect to such Pool Asset, then such event shall also constitute an Event of Repurchase for purposes of this Agreement.  The repurchase price for a Pool Asset shall be the amount equal to the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Asset at such time and shall be paid to the Concentration Account     in immediately available funds by no later than the second (2   nd   ) Business Day following demand therefor by the Administrative Agent.  Upon the payment in full of the repurchase price with respect to a Pool Asset, such Pool Asset shall hereby be, and be deemed to be, repurchased by Seller from the applicable Purchasers without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser but free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other Adverse Claim created by or through the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser. 
  
   14 

(c)        Seller s Optional Reduction of Total Investment  .  Subject to   Sections 1.2(a)   and   4.3  , Seller may at any time and from time to time elect to reduce (in whole or in part) Total Investment as follows: 
  (i)    Seller shall give Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent prior written notice of such elected reduction (including the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction will commence) no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed reduction date; 
  (ii)        on the proposed date of commencement of such reduction and on each day thereafter, Servicer shall refrain from reinvesting Collections pursuant to   Section 1.3   until the amount thereof not so reinvested shall equal the desired amount of reduction; and 
  (iii)    Servicer shall hold such Collections in trust for Purchasers, pending payment to the applicable Purchaser Agents, as provided in   Section 1.3  ;   provided   that 
  (A)        the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than $5,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000; and 
  (B)        Seller shall use reasonable efforts to choose a reduction amount, and the date of commencement thereof, so that such reduction shall commence and conclude in the same Settlement Period. 
  (d)        No Further Reinvestments  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including   Section 3.1  ), after giving effect to any reduction of the Total Investment under   Section 3.2(c)  , or otherwise, which reduces the Total Investment to zero, so long as there are no outstanding amounts constituting liabilities or other obligations of Seller, any Originator, Servicer or Performance Guarantor hereunder or under any other Transaction Document owing to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, Administrative Agent, any Indemnified Party or any Affected Party, no further Reinvestments shall be made unless and until a new Purchase is made in accordance with   Sections 1.1   and   1.2  . 
  (e)        Seller s Optional Reduction of Purchaser s Total Commitment  .  Seller may at any time and from time to time elect to reduce the unused portion of the Purchaser s Total Commitment by giving the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent prior written notice of such elected reduction (including the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction will commence) no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 30 days prior to the proposed reduction date;   provided   that the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than $5,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000.  Any such reduction shall be applied   pro rata   to the Commitment of each Committed Purchaser. 
  
   15 

SECTION 3.3        Payments and Computations, Etc  . 
  (a)        Payments  . All amounts to be paid to, or deposited by Seller, Servicer, CHS or Performance Guarantor with, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any other Person hereunder (other than amounts payable under   Section 4.2  ) shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the day when due in USD in same day funds to the applicable account set forth on   Schedule I   or to such other account as Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent, as applicable, shall designate in writing to Servicer from time to time. 
  (b)        Late Payments  .  Seller or Servicer, as applicable, shall, out of amounts set aside pursuant to   Section 1.3   for such purpose and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Affected Party, interest on all amounts not paid or deposited by such party on the date when due hereunder at an annual rate equal to 2.0% above the Base Rate, payable on demand;   provided   that such interest rate shall not at any time exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law. 
  (c)        Method of Computation  .  All computations of interest, Yield, any fees payable under   Section 4.1   and any other fees payable by Seller to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party in connection with Purchases hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) elapsed (except that calculations with respect to the Prime Rate shall be on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be). 
  (d)        Payment of Currency and Setoff  .  All payments by Seller or Servicer to any Affected Party or any other Person shall be made in USD and without set-off or counterclaim. Any of Seller s or Servicer s obligations hereunder shall not be satisfied by any tender or recovery of another currency except to the extent such tender or recovery results in receipt of the full amount of USD. 
  (e)        Taxes  .  (23) Except to the extent required by Applicable Law, any and all payments and deposits required to be made hereunder, under any other Transaction Document or under any instrument delivered hereunder or thereunder to any Affected Party or otherwise hereunder or thereunder by Seller or Servicer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any and all present or future Taxes.  If Seller or Servicer shall be required by Applicable Law to make any such withholding or deduction, (A) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall make an additional payment to such Affected Party, in an amount sufficient so that, after making all required withholdings or deductions (including withholdings or deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 3.3(e)  ), such Affected Party receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholdings or deductions been made, (B) Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall make such deductions and (C) Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law. 
  
   16 

(ii)        Seller will indemnify each Affected Party for the full amount of (A) Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section paid by such Affected Party, as the case may be, and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) paid or payable by such Affected Party arising therefrom or with respect thereto) and (B) Taxes that arise because a Purchase or the Asset Interest is not treated for U.S. federal, state or local income or franchise tax purposes as intended under   Section 1.2(e)   (such indemnification will include any U.S. federal, state or local income and franchise taxes necessary to make such Affected Party whole on an after-tax basis taking into account the taxability of receipt of payments under the this   clause (B)   and any reasonable expenses (other than Taxes) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the foregoing).  Any indemnification under this   Section 3.3(e)(ii)   shall be paid on the next Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days) after the date any Affected Party makes written demand therefor, together with a statement of reasons for such demand and the calculations of such amount. Such calculations, absent manifest error, shall be final and conclusive on all parties. 
  (iii)    Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes withheld by any of Seller or Servicer, as applicable, in respect of any payment to any Affected Party, Seller or Servicer, as applicable, will furnish to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof (or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent). 
  (iv)    Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement contained herein, the agreements and obligations contained in this Section shall survive the payment in full of Obligations hereunder. 
  (v)        Any Affected Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to CHS and Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Affected Party, if reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent as will enable CHS or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Affected Party is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 
  (vi)        Any Affected Party that is a  United States person  within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a    U.S. Person   ) shall deliver to CHS and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Affected Party becomes a Affected Party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter  
  
   17 

upon the reasonable request of CHS or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Affected Party is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 
  (vii)        Any Affected Party that is not a U.S. Person (a    Foreign Affected Party   ) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to CHS and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Affected Party becomes a Affected Party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of CHS or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
  (1)        in the case of a Foreign Affected Party claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
  (2)        executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
  (3)        in the case of a Foreign Affected Party claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Affected Party is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 
  (4)        to the extent a Foreign Affected Party is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Affected Party is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Affected Party are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Affected Party may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 
  (viii)        If a payment made to a Purchaser under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such  
  
   18 

Purchaser were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Purchaser shall deliver to CHS and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for CHS and Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Purchaser has complied with such Purchaser s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this   clause (viii)  ,  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
  (ix)        Each Purchaser Agent (on behalf of its related Purchasers) agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Seller and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
  SECTION 3.4        Treatment of Collections and Deemed Collections  .  Seller shall immediately deliver to Servicer all Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments, and Servicer shall hold or distribute such Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments as Yield, accrued Servicing Fee, repayment of Total Investment or as otherwise applicable hereunder to the same extent as if such Collections had actually been received on the date of such delivery to Servicer.  So long as Seller or Servicer shall hold any Collections (including Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments) required to be paid to Servicer, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent, Seller or Servicer shall hold and apply such Collections in accordance with   Section 1.3   and   Section 3.2  , as applicable, and shall clearly mark its records to reflect the same.  Seller shall promptly enforce all obligations of Originators under the Sale Agreement, including, payment of Deemed Collections (as defined in the Sale Agreement). 
  ARTICLE IV            FEES AND YIELD PROTECTION 
  SECTION 4.1        Fees  .  From the Closing Date until the Final Payout Date, Seller and CHS, jointly and severally, shall pay to Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser, as applicable, all fees specified in the Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document in accordance with the terms of the Fee Letter, such Transaction Document and this Agreement. 
  SECTION 4.2        Yield Protection  . 
  (a)        If any Regulatory Change including any Specified Regulation: 
  (i)        shall subject an Affected Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to any Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded by it (or its participation in any of the forgoing), or any obligations or right to make Purchases or  
  
   19 

Reinvestments or to provide funding or maintenance therefor (or its participation in any of the foregoing), or shall change the basis of taxation of payments to the Affected Party or other Indemnified Party of Total Investment or Yield owned by, owed to, funded or maintained in whole or in part by it (or its participation in any of the foregoing) or any other amounts due under this Agreement in respect of the Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded by it or its obligations or rights, if any, to make or participate in Purchases or Reinvestments or to provide funding therefor or the maintenance thereof; 
  (ii)        shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of any Affected Party, deposits or obligations with or for the account of any Affected Party or with or for the account of any Affiliate (or entity deemed by the Federal Reserve Board or other Governmental Authority to be an affiliate) of any Affected Party, or credit extended by any Affected Party; 
  (iii)    shall impose any other condition affecting any Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded (or participated in) in whole or in part by any Affected Party, or its obligations or rights, if any, to make (or participate in) Purchases or Reinvestments or to provide (or to participate in) funding therefor or the maintenance thereof; 
  (iv)    shall increase the rate for, or changes the manner in which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or a successor thereto) or similar Person assesses, deposit insurance premiums or similar charges which an Affected Party is obligated to pay; or 
  (v)        shall increase the amount of capital or liquidity maintained or required or requested or directed to be maintained by any Affected Party; 
  and the result of any of the foregoing is or would be, in each case, as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent or the applicable Affected Party: 
  (A)        to increase the cost to (or impose a cost on) (1) an Affected Party funding or making or maintaining any Purchases or Reinvestments, any purchases, reinvestments, or loans or other extensions of credit under any Liquidity Agreement, any Enhancement Agreement or any commitment (hereunder or under any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement) of such Affected Party with respect to any of the foregoing, or (2) any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent for continuing its relationship with any Purchaser; 
  (B)        to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by an Affected Party under this Agreement, any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement) with respect thereto; or 
  
   20 

(C)        (i) to reduce the rate of return on the capital of such Affected Party as a consequence of its obligations hereunder, under any Liquidity Agreement or under any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement), including its funding or maintenance of any portion of the Asset Interest, or arising in connection herewith (or therewith) to a level below that which such Affected Party could otherwise have achieved hereunder or thereunder or (ii) to increase the liquidity required of such Affected Party as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement), including its funding or maintenance of any portion of the Asset Interest, or arising in connection herewith (or therewith) to a level greater than that which such Affected Party could otherwise have achieved hereunder or thereunder, 
  then, subject to   Section 4.2(d)   below, on the Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days) following its receipt of notice from such Affected Party (or by the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) in accordance with   Section 4.2(c)   below, Seller shall pay directly to such Affected Party such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party for such additional or increased cost or such reduction or liquidity increase;   provided   that such additional amount or amounts shall not be payable with respect to any Regulatory Change for any period in excess of 180 days prior to the date of demand by the Affected Party unless (1) the effect of such Regulatory Change was retroactive by its terms to a period prior to the date of such Regulatory Change, in which case any additional amount or amounts shall be payable for the retroactive period but only if the Affected Party provides its written demand not later than 180 days after such Regulatory Change; or (2) the Affected Party reasonably and in good faith did not believe such Regulatory Change resulted in such an additional or increased cost or charge or such a reduction during such prior period. 
  (b)        Each Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf), shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Seller and Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge which will entitle such Affected Party to compensation pursuant to this   Section 4.2  ;   provided   that no failure to give or delay in giving such notification shall adversely affect the rights of any Affected Party to such compensation. 
  (c)        In determining any amount provided for or referred to in this   Section 4.2  , an Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods that it, in its reasonable discretion, shall deem applicable.  Any Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) when making a claim under this   Section 4.2   shall submit to Seller and Administrative Agent a written statement of such increased cost or reduced return, which statement, in the absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive and binding upon Seller. 
  
   21 

(d)        Except as set forth in   clause (a)   above, failure or delay on the part of any Affected Party (or Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent) to demand compensation pursuant to this   Section 4.2   shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Party s (or the Administrative Agent s or a Purchaser Agent s on its behalf) right to demand such compensation. 
  SECTION 4.3        Funding Losses  .  If any Affected Party incurs any cost, loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party), at any time, as a result of (a) any optional or required settlement or repayment with respect to such Purchaser s Tranche Investment of any Rate Tranche, howsoever funded, being made on any day other than the scheduled last day of an applicable Yield Period with respect thereto, (b) any Purchase not being completed by Seller in accordance with its request therefor under   Section 1.2  , (c) the failure to exercise or complete (in accordance with   Section 3.2(c)  ) any reduction in Total Investment elected to be made under   Section 3.2(c)  , (d) any reduction in Total Investment elected under   Section 3.2(c)   exceeding the total amount of Rate Tranches, howsoever funded, with respect to which the last day of the related Yield Period is the date of such reduction or (e) any other mandatory or voluntary reduction in Total Investment, then, upon written notice from such Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) to Seller and Servicer, Seller shall pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent for the account of the applicable Affected Parties, on the next Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period, after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days from the receipt of such notice) the amount of such cost, loss or expense.  Such written notice shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon Seller.  If an Affected Party incurs any cost, loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party), at any time, and is not entitled to reimbursement for such loss or expense in the manner set forth above, such Affected Party shall individually bear such loss or expense without recourse to, or payment from, any other Affected Party. 
  ARTICLE V            CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
  SECTION 5.1      Closing Date  .  This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date, or such later date as all of the conditions in this   Section 5.1   have been satisfied.  The occurrence of the Closing Date is subject to the condition precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received, on or before such date, the following, each (unless otherwise indicated) dated such date or another recent date reasonably acceptable to the Required Purchasers and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Purchasers: 
  (a)        A copy of the resolutions or unanimous written consent, as applicable, of the board of directors or board of managers, as the case may be, of each of Seller, Originators, Servicer and Performance Guarantor required to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of each Transaction Document to be delivered by it hereunder and the transactions contemplated thereby, certified by its secretary or any other authorized person. 
  
   22 

(b)        A certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the applicable state or organization  as to the legal existence and good standing of Seller, Servicer, Originators and Performance Guarantor. 
  (c)        A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each of Seller, Servicer, Originators and Performance Guarantor certifying attached copies of the organizational documents of such Person and all documents evidencing necessary limited liability company or corporate action (as the case may be) to be taken by and governmental approvals, if any, to be obtained by such Person with respect to this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith. 
  (d)        A counterpart of each of the Transaction Documents fully executed by the parties thereto. 
  (e)        Completed requests for information (UCC search results) dated within 30 days prior to the Closing Date, and a schedule thereof listing all effective financing statements filed in the appropriate states of formation or incorporation, as applicable, of each of CHS, CHS Capital or Seller that name CHS, CHS Capital and Seller as debtor, together with copies of all such financing statements filed against CHS, CHS Capital and Seller and acknowledgment copies of proper termination statements (Form UCC-3) necessary to evidence the release of all security interests, ownership and other rights of any Person previously granted by CHS, CHS Capital and Seller in the Pool Assets and the Related Assets. 
  (f)        Copies of proper financing statements (showing each of CHS and CHS Capital as  debtor/seller , Seller as  assignor secured party  and the Administrative Agent as  assignee of assignor secured party ) duly authorized and suitable for filing under the UCC of all jurisdictions that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to perfect the interest of the Administrative Agent contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
  (g)        Copies of proper financing statements (showing Seller as  debtor/seller  and the Administrative Agent as  secured party/buyer ) duly authorized and suitable for filing under the UCC of all jurisdictions that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to perfect the interest of the Administrative Agent contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
  (h)        Fully executed termination or release of lien documents, if applicable, from any secured party or beneficiary claiming a lien on Pool Assets or any other Collateral. 
  (i)        Favorable opinions of legal counsel to Seller, each Originator, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, including legal opinions as to general organizational matters,  
  
   23 

enforceability, no conflicts with laws and agreements, security interest creation, attachment and perfection, the Volcker Rule and true sale and non-consolidation matters. 
  (j)        A copy of the Information Package as of the Closing Date. 
  (k)        A certificate of a Responsible Officer of each of Originators and Seller certifying that (i) no effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Collateral is on file in any recording office and (ii) none of the financing statements included in the UCC search results referenced in   clause (e)   above describe any Pool Asset or any other Collateral. 
  (l)        Evidence of the establishment of the Concentration Account, the Lockboxes, and the Collection Accounts. 
  (m)        Such other agreements, instruments, certificates and documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
  SECTION 5.2        Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments  .  Each Purchase (including the initial Purchase) and each Reinvestment hereunder shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Purchase or Reinvestment, the following statements shall be true (and Seller, by accepting the amount of such Purchase or by receiving the proceeds of such Reinvestment, shall be deemed to have certified that): 
  (a)        each of the representations and warranties contained in   Article VI   hereof, in the Sale Agreement and in each other Transaction Document that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such day as though made on and as of such day (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period); 
  (b)        no event has occurred and is continuing or would result from such Purchase or Reinvestment, that constitutes an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event; 
  (c)        after giving effect to each proposed Purchase or Reinvestment, (i) with respect to any Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, (ii) the Total Investment will not exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment, and (iii) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base; and 
  (d)        the Purchase Termination Date has not occurred. 
  ARTICLE VI   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  
   24 

SECTION 6.1        Representations and Warranties of Seller  .  Seller represents and warrants, as of the date hereof and as of each date on which a Purchase or Reinvestment is made, as follows: 
  (a)        Seller is a limited liability company duly formed and existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware; has all necessary limited liability company power to carry on its present business; and has made all necessary filings in order to be licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
  (b)        The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its limited liability company powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its organizational documents, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any Contractual Obligation of or affecting Seller or any of its properties, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
  (c)        Each Transaction Document to which Seller is a party has been duly executed and delivered by Seller. 
  (d)        No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder. 
  (e)        Each Transaction Document to which Seller is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). 
  (j        There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting Seller or its properties before any Governmental Authority which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
  (g)        Seller is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to Seller. 
  (h)        Since August 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to Seller. 
  
   25 

(i)        No Change of Control has occurred. 
  (j)        All assets of Seller are free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Internal Revenue Service, any employee benefit plan, the PBGC or similar entity. 
  (k)        All information furnished by or on behalf of Seller to the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party for purposes of or in connection with any Information Package, the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby is, at the time the same is furnished, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects and such information does not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
  (l)        Seller has not changed its name or the location of its jurisdiction of formation since the Formation Date. 
  (m)        Seller (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, without reliance of Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, and (ii) is not a  covered fund  under the Volcker Rule.  In determining that Seller is not a  covered fund  under the Volcker Rule, Seller is entitled to rely on the exemption from the definition of  investment company  set forth in Section 3(a)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
  (n)        No transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
  (o)        Each Asset included in the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on the date of any Purchase or Reinvestment or on the date of any Information Package was an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on such date.  Upon and after giving effect to any Purchase or Reinvestment to be made on such date, sufficient Eligible Receivables exist in the Receivables Pool and sufficient Eligible Loans exist in the Loan Pool such that (i) the Total Investment will not exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment, and (ii) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base. 
  (p)        Each sale of an Asset and the Related Assets to Seller under the Sale Agreement constitutes the absolute and irrevocable sale and transfer of all right, title and interest of such Originator in such Asset and Related Security to Seller and no further action, including any filing or recording of any document or any notice to, license from or approval from any Governmental Authority is necessary in order to establish the ownership interest of Seller effected by such sale or to permit Seller to service, enforce or otherwise collect such Asset from the related Account Debtor or Obligor. 
  (q)        The Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. 
  
   26 

(r)        No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event. 
  (s)        Seller is in compliance in all material respects with the Receivable Documentation relating to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents relating to the Pool Loans, and none of (i) the Pool Receivables or the Receivable Documentation related thereto or (ii) the Pool Loans or the Loan Documents related thereto are subject to any defense, dispute, Dilution or any offset, counterclaim or other defense, whether arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or independently thereof. 
  (t)        No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Collateral is on file in any recording office (except any financing statements or other instruments filed pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), and, to the knowledge of Seller, no competing notice or notice inconsistent with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is in effect with respect to any Account Debtor or Obligor. 
  (u)        Seller has filed all material tax returns and reports required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it and has paid all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges thereby shown to be owing by it, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
  (v)        Seller is, and shall at all relevant times continue to be, a  disregarded entity  within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation   301.7701-3. 
  (w)        Each remittance of Collections by or on behalf of Seller to Administrative Agent under this Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of Seller and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of Seller. 
  (x)    The facts regarding Seller, each Originator, Servicer, Performance Guarantor, the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
  (y)    No sale, contribution or assignment of Assets under the Sale Agreement constitutes a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under any United States federal or applicable state bankruptcy or insolvency laws or is otherwise void or voidable under such or similar laws or principles or for any other reason. 
  (z)    All Pool Assets (i) were originated by CHS or CHS Capital in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) were sold by CHS or CHS Capital to Seller for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value and (iii) solely with respect to Pool Receivables, represent  
  
   27 

all, or a portion of the purchase price of merchandise, insurance or services within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 
  (aa)    Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of Seller that are designed to achieve compliance by Seller, Originators and each of their respective Subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities, and Seller, Originators, their respective Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of Seller, its directors and agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from the credit facility established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case in all material respects.  (i) None of Seller, Originators or any of their Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Seller, any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or directly benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, and (ii) neither Seller, Originators nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country.  No Purchase or Reinvestment or use of proceeds thereof by Seller in any manner will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
  (bb)        Seller does not have outstanding any security of any kind except membership interests issued to CHS Capital in connection with its organization, and has not incurred, assumed, guaranteed or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for, or in respect of, any Debt and no Person has any commitment or other arrangement to extend credit to Seller, in each case, other than as will occur in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
  (cc)        The use of all funds obtained by Seller under this Agreement will not conflict with or contravene any of Regulations T, U and X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
  (dd)        None of the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller or any third party with which the Seller or any Affiliate thereof has contracted has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Purchaser Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Purchaser Agent. 
  (ee)        Each of the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account constitutes a  deposit account  within the meaning of the applicable UCC.  The Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account are in the name of the Seller, and the Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Seller Account Agreement relating to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Concentration Account or the Seller Collection Accounts, as applicable, without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other  
  
   28 

Person.  The Administrative Agent has  control  (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account. 
  (ff)        Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts constitutes a  deposit account  within the meaning of the applicable UCC.  Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts is in the name of an Originator, and such Originator owns and has good and marketable title to the such accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Originator has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Originator Account Agreement relating to the Originator Collection Accounts, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Originator Collection Accounts without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person.  The Administrative Agent has  control  (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts. 
  (gg)        Seller has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy and has not, since the Closing Date, made any changes in the Credit and Collection Policy that would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (hh)        Not later than the fortieth (40   th   ) day following the Closing Date or the fifth (5   th   ) Business Day following the applicable date the Seller acquires an interest in any Pool Loans pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered directly to the Custodian for the benefit of the Affected Parties the Custodian File relating to such Pool Loans, and shall cause all Obligor Notes (other than any Obligor Note that has been signed electronically) related to such Pool Loans to be duly indorsed in blank with note transfer powers in the form set forth in the Custodian Agreement. 
  SECTION 6.2      Representations and Warranties of CHS  .  CHS, individually and as Servicer, represents and warrants, as of the date hereof and as of each date on which a Purchase or Reinvestment is made, as follows: 
  (a)        CHS is a corporation duly formed and existing in good standing and whose by-laws provide that it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota; has all necessary corporate power to carry on its present business; and has made all necessary filings in order to be licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a Material Adverse Change with respect to CHS. 
  (b)        The execution, delivery and performance by Servicer of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its by-laws or its other organizational  
  
   29 

documents, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any Contractual Obligation of or affecting Servicer or any of its properties, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
  (c)        Each Transaction Document to which Servicer is party has been duly executed and delivered by Servicer. 
  (d)        No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by Servicer of each Transaction Document to which it is party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder. 
  (e)        Each Transaction Document to which Servicer is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Servicer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). 
  (f)        There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting Servicer or any of its Affiliates before any Governmental Authority which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer. 
  (g)        Servicer is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to Servicer. 
  (h)        Since August 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to Servicer. 
  (i)        No Change of Control has occurred. 
  (j)        All information furnished by or on behalf of Servicer to the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party for purposes of or in connection with any Information Package, the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby is, at the time the same is furnished, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects and such information does not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
  (k)        Servicer is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
  (l)        No transaction contemplated by the Sale Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
  
   30 

(m)        Each Asset included in the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on the date of any Purchase or Reinvestment or on the date of any Information Package was an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on such date.  Upon and after giving effect to any Purchase or Reinvestment to be made on such date, sufficient Eligible Receivables exist in the Receivables Pool and sufficient Eligible Loans exist in the Loan Pool such that (i) the Total Investment will not exceed the Purchasers  Total Commitment, and (ii) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base. 
  (n)        Since the Closing Date, there has been no material adverse change in the ability of Servicer to service, enforce or otherwise collect the Pool Assets and the Related Security. 
  (o)        No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event. 
  (p)        Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the Receivable Documentation relating to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents relating to the Pool Loans, and none of the (i) Pool Receivables or the Receivable Documentation related thereto and (ii) Pool Loans or the Loan Documents related thereto are subject to any defense, dispute, Dilution or any offset, counterclaim or other defense, whether arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or independently thereof. 
  (q)        No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Collateral is on file in any recording office (except any financing statements or other instruments filed pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), and, to the knowledge of Servicer, no competing notice or notice inconsistent with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement is in effect with respect to any Account Debtor or Obligor. 
  (r)        Servicer has filed all material tax returns and reports required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it and has paid all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges, to its knowledge, owing by it, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
  (s)        The facts regarding Seller, each Originator, Servicer, Performance Guarantor, the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
  (t)        Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of CHS that are designed to achieve compliance by CHS and its Subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, giving  
  
   31 

due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities, and CHS, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of CHS, its directors and agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from the credit facility established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case in all material respects.  (i) None of CHS or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of CHS, any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or directly benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, and (ii) neither CHS nor any of its Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country.  No Purchase or Reinvestment or use of proceeds thereof by CHS in any manner will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
  (u)        None of the Servicer, any Affiliate of the Servicer or any third party with which the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof has contracted has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Purchaser Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Purchaser Agent. 
  (v)        Each of the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account constitutes a  deposit account  within the meaning of the applicable UCC.  The Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account are in the name of the Seller, and the Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Seller Account Agreement relating to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Concentration Account or the Seller Collection Accounts, as applicable, without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person.  The Administrative Agent has  control  (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account. 
  (w)        Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts constitutes a  deposit account  within the meaning of the applicable UCC.  Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts is in the name of an Originator, and such Originator owns and has good and marketable title to the such accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  The Originator has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Originator Account Agreement relating to the Originator Collection Accounts, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Originator Collection Accounts without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person.  The Administrative Agent has  control  (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts. 
  (x)        Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy and has not, since the Closing Date, made any changes in the Credit and Collection  
  
   32 

Policy that would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer without the consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (y)        Not later than the fortieth (40   th   ) day following the Closing Date or the fifth (5   th   ) Business Day following the applicable date the Seller acquires an interest in any Pool Loans pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Servicer shall deliver or cause to be delivered directly to the Custodian for the benefit of the Affected Parties the Custodian File relating to such Pool Loans, and shall cause all Obligor Notes (other than any Obligor Note that has been signed electronically) relating to such Pool Loans to be duly indorsed in blank with note transfer powers in the form set forth in the Custodian Agreement. 
  ARTICLE VII            GENERAL COVENANTS OF SELLER AND SERVICER 
  SECTION 7.1        Covenants of Seller  .  From the date hereof until the Final Payout Date: 
  (a)        Existence  .  Seller will preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its limited liability company existence and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business.  Seller will at all times be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction of organization.  Seller will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Pool Assets (unless then held by the Custodian) at the address set forth in   Schedule 13.2   hereof or, upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent or otherwise necessary to protect, perfect and maintain the Administrative Agent s ownership and security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Collateral have been taken and completed. 
  (b)        Compliance with Laws  .  Seller will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to it, the Pool Receivables and the Receivable Documentation and the Pool Loans and the Loan Documents. 
  (c)      Books and Records  .  Seller will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any computer files, to indicate which Assets have been pledged to the Administrative Agent.  Seller will maintain such books and accounts in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over it.  Other than Custodian File held by Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Seller will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing (i) Receivables and related Receivable Documentation and (ii) Loans and related Loan Documents in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and  
  
   33 

keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Pool Assets (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Asset and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Asset). 
  (d)        Sales, Liens and Debt  .  Seller will not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to, the Pool Assets or any other Collateral or upon or with respect to any account or lockbox to which Collections are required to be sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof, in each case, except the dispositions to the Administrative Agent contemplated hereunder and the Adverse Claims in favor of the Administrative Agent created hereunder. 
  (e)        Extension or Amendment of Assets  .  Seller will not (i) extend, or otherwise amend or modify the payment terms under any Pool Asset, unless approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers or (ii) otherwise waive or permit or agree to any deviation from the terms or conditions of any Pool Asset, except in the case of   clause (ii)  , in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy.  Seller will not take, or cause to be taken, any action that reduces the amount payable of any Pool Asset or materially impairs the full and timely collection thereof, unless (i) approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers or (ii) such reduction in the amount of such Pool Asset is paid to the Administrative Agent by Seller as a Deemed Collection in accordance with   Section 3.2(a)  . 
  (f)        Audits and Visits  .  Seller will, upon reasonable advance notice of not less than five (5) Business Days (or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), during regular business hours, permit the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent and representatives thereof at Seller s expense, (i) to examine and make abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Pool Assets and the other Collateral, including the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in   clause (i)   above, and, subject to the foregoing, to discuss matters relating to Pool Assets or its performance hereunder or under the related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters, in each case, at such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably be desired by the Administrative Agent or any such Purchaser Agent;   provided  ,   however  , that unless an Event of Default has occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Seller shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents for the costs and expenses related to (x) only one such audit or visitation during any calendar year, (y) any audit following a material change in the systems of Seller or Servicer that occurs after any audit specified in   clause (x)   or (z) any follow-up audit that is required as a result of any audit specified in   clauses (x)   or   (y)  .  
  
   34 

(g)        Reporting Requirements  .  Seller will provide to the Administrative Agent the following: 
  (i)        as     soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each annual accounting period of CHS, a copy of the balance sheet of Seller as of the last day of the period then ended and the statements of income and cash flows of Seller for the period then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by a statement of Seller (with, if necessary, qualifications related to changes in GAAP), to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the financial condition of Seller as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended; 
  (ii)        at least 30 days prior to any change in Seller s name or jurisdiction of organization, a notice setting forth the new name or jurisdiction, as applicable, and the proposed effective date thereof; 
  (iii)        such data, reports and information relating to the Pool Assets and the other Collateral reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent from time to time; 
  (iv)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of any Adverse Claim or dispute asserted or claim made against a Pool Asset or any other Collateral; 
  (v)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Seller under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made; 
  (vi)        promptly (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Unmatured Servicer Termination Event and the action that Seller proposes to take with respect thereto; 
  (vii)        at least fifteen (15) days prior to (i) the effectiveness of any change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a description or, if available, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy after giving effect to such change or amendment and a written notice (A) indicating such change or amendment and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to adversely affect the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Asset, requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto  
  
   35 

(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (ii) Seller making any change or changes in the character of its business, written notice indicating such change and requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed);  
  (viii)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following receipt thereof, a copy of all periodic statements regarding the Seller Collection Accounts from the applicable Account Banks; and 
  (ix)        as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
  (h)        Further Assurances  .  Seller will, at its expense, promptly execute, deliver and file all further instruments and documents (including UCC-3 financing statement amendments and continuation statements) necessary or desirable, and take all further action that the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Administrative Agent s first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Collateral, or to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise or enforce the rights of the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party hereunder or under or in connection with the Pool Assets and the other Collateral.  In connection with any change in its name or jurisdiction of organization, Seller will, at its expense, cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent (i) one or more opinions of counsel to Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, as to such corporate and UCC perfection matters as the Administrative Agent may request at such time and (ii) one or more certificates of a Responsible Officer of Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with respect to the review of UCC search results. 
  (i)        Taxes  .  Seller will pay any and all taxes relating to the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the sale, transfer and assignment of each Pool Asset and the other Collateral, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by Seller. 
  (j)        Perform Terms  .  Seller will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and promptly inform the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent of any breach or default by Seller or any Account Debtor or Obligor of any of the terms thereof. 
  (k)        Not Adversely Affect the Administrative Agent s Rights  .  Seller will refrain from any act or omission which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prejudice, diminish or limit, in each case in any material respect, the Administrative Agent s or any other Affected Party s rights under or with respect to any of  
  
   36 

the Pool Assets, any other Collateral or this Agreement, except to the extent such act or omission is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
  (l)        Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy  . Seller will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the enforcement and collection of Pool Assets and the other Collateral. 
  (m)        Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions  .  Policies and procedures will be maintained and enforced by or on behalf of the Seller that are designed in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to promote and achieve compliance, in the reasonable judgment of the Seller, by the Seller, Originators and each of their respective Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities.  The Seller will not request any Purchase or Reinvestment, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Purchase (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case to the extent doing so would violate any Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any party hereto under any applicable Sanctions or the violation of any Sanctions by any such Person. 
  (n)        No Change in Business, Credit and Collection Policy or Organizational Documents  .  Seller shall not (i) make any change in (A) the character of its business without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers or (B) the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers, or (ii) amend or otherwise modify its limited liability company agreement or certificate of formation, in either case, without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (o)      Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, etc.    Seller shall not (i) change its jurisdiction of organization, or make any other change such that any financing statement filed in connection with the Transaction Documents would become seriously misleading or would otherwise be rendered ineffective, (ii) be a party to any merger or consolidation, or purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets or any stock of any class of, or any partnership or joint venture interest in, any other Person, (iii) sell, transfer, convey, contribute or lease all or any substantial part of its assets, or sell or assign with or without recourse any Assets or any interest therein to any Person (other than pursuant hereto and to any Transaction Document) or (iv) have any Subsidiaries or make any investments in any other Person. 
  (p)        Debt and Business Activity  .  Except for Seller s obligation to pay the  Payoff Amount  as defined in the Payoff Letter and any contingent indemnification obligations arising under the Payoff Letter that are not then due and payable, Seller shall not incur,  
  
   37 

assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for or in respect of any Debt or other obligation, purchase any asset (or make any investment by share purchase, loan or otherwise) or engage in any other activity (whether or not pursued for gain or other pecuniary advantage), in any case, other than as will occur pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
  (q)        Payment of Obligations  .  The Seller shall duly and punctually pay Total Investment, Yield, fees and all other amounts payable by the Seller hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
  (r)        Collection Accounts; Lockbox; Originator Specified Accounts  .  The Seller shall (i) direct (x) each Account Debtor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Receivables only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account and (y) each Obligor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Loans only to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account, (ii) not to change such payment instructions while any Pool Assets remain outstanding, (iii)  take any and all other reasonable actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets will be deposited in accordance with   clause (i)  , (iv) hold in trust and cause the Servicer to hold in trust as the Affected Parties  exclusive property and safeguard for the benefit of the Affected Parties all Collections and other amounts remitted or paid to the Seller or the Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) in respect of Pool Assets for prompt deposit into the Concentration Account in the manner set forth below, (v) cause the Servicer to deposit in a Collection Account all Collections remitted to an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof and (vi) cause the Servicer to endorse, to the extent necessary, all checks or other instruments received in any Lockbox so that the same can be deposited in a Collection Account, in the form so received (with all necessary endorsements), on the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof.  The Seller shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to any Seller Collection Account any amounts other than Collection or proceeds thereof. The Seller shall not terminate or permit the termination of any Collection Account, Originator Specified Account or Lockbox or any Account Agreement without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (s)        Concentration Account  .  The Seller shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Concentration Account all Available Collections and other amounts received by Seller, Servicer or an Originator (or any of their respective Affiliates) or deposited in a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account or a Collection Account, in each case, with respect to Pool Assets or any other Collateral (whether such amounts were received by Seller directly or otherwise) without adjustment, setoff or deduction of any kind or nature no later than the Business Day preceding the Settlement Date immediately succeeding receipt thereof;   provided   that, so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists, the Seller shall not be required to deposit Collections on the Business Day preceding the next Settlement Date in excess of the aggregate amount the Seller is required to pay on such Settlement Date in accordance with   Section 3.1(d)  .  The Seller shall take any and all other actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that  
  
   38 

all amounts owing under the Pool Assets and the other Collateral will be deposited in the Concentration Account in a timely manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  The Seller shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to the Concentration Account any amounts other than Collection or proceeds thereof.  The Seller shall not terminate or permit the termination of the Concentration Account without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers.   
  (t)        Misdirected Payments  .  If the Seller receives a misdirected payment of a Pool Asset from any Account Debtor or Obligor, the Seller shall remit such funds to a Collection Account     no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof.  Until remitted to a Collection Account, the Seller shall hold such funds in trust as the Affected Parties  exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Affected Parties. 
  (u)        Restricted Payments  .  Seller shall not declare or pay any dividend or distributions or, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, its membership interests, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in its obligations;   provided  ,   however  , that so long as no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Seller may make, or cause to be made, distributions only out of the funds released to the Seller in accordance with   Section 3.1  . 
  (v)        Tax Status  .  Seller shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in it being treated as other than a  disregarded entity  within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation   301.7701-3. 
  (w)        Right and Title  .  Seller shall hold all right, title and interest in each Pool Asset, except to the extent that any such right, title or interest has been transferred or granted to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers). 
  (x)        Transaction Documents  .  Without limiting any of Seller s covenants or agreements set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, comply with each and every of its covenants and agreements under each Transaction Document to which it is a party in any capacity and its certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement. 
  (y)        Enforcement of Sale Agreement  .  On its own behalf and on behalf of Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent, Seller shall (x) promptly enforce all covenants and obligations of each Originator contained in the Sale Agreement and (y) deliver to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent all consents, approvals, directions, notices and waivers and take other actions under the Sale Agreement as may be reasonably directed by the Required Purchasers. 
  (z)        Use of Funds  .  Seller shall not use any funds obtained under this Agreement in any manner that conflicts with or contravenes any of Regulations T, U and X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
  
   39 

SECTION 7.2        Covenants of CHS  .  From the date hereof until the Final Payout Date: 
  (a)        Existence  .  Servicer will preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business.  Servicer will keep the office where it keeps its records concerning the Pool Assets (unless then held by the Custodian) at the address set forth in   Schedule 13.2   hereof or, upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent or otherwise necessary to protect, perfect and maintain the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Collateral have been taken and completed. 
  (b)        Compliance with Laws  .  Servicer will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to it, the Pool Receivables and the Receivable Documentation and the Pool Loans and the Loan Documents and the servicing and collection thereof. 
  (c)        Books and Records  .  Servicer will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any computer files, to indicate which Assets have been pledged to the Administrative Agent.  Servicer will maintain such books and accounts in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over it.  Other than Records held by Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables and related Receivable Documentation and Loans and related Loan Documents in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Pool Assets (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Asset and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Asset). 
  (d)        Extension or Amendment of Assets  .  Servicer will not (i) extend, or otherwise amend or modify, the payment terms under any Pool Asset, unless approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers, or (ii) otherwise waive or permit or agree to any deviation from the terms or conditions of any Pool Asset, except in the case of   clause (ii)  , in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy.  Servicer will not take, or cause to be taken, any action that reduces the amount payable of any Pool Asset or materially impairs the full and timely collection thereof unless (i) approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers or (ii) such reduction in the amount of such Pool Asset is paid to the Administrative Agent by the Servicer as a Deemed Collection in accordance with   Section 3.2(a)  . 
  (e)        Audits and Visits  .  Servicer will, upon reasonable advance notice of not less than five (5) Business Days (or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), during regular business hours, permit the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent and representatives thereof, at  
  
   40 

Servicer s expense, (i) to examine and make abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Pool Assets and the other Collateral, including the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in   clause (i)   above, and, subject to the foregoing, to discuss matters relating to Pool Assets or its performance hereunder or under the related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters, in each case, at such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably be desired by the Administrative Agent or any such Purchaser Agent;   provided  ,   however  , that unless an Event of Default has occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Servicer shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agent for the costs and expenses related to (x) only one such audit or visitation during any calendar year, (y) any audit following a material change in the systems of Seller or Servicer that occurs after any audit specified in   clause (x)   or (z) any follow-up audit that is required as a result of any audit specified in   clauses (x)   or   (y)  . 
  (f)        Reporting Requirements  .  Servicer will provide to the Administrative Agent the following: 
  (i)        as soon as available and in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each of the first three quarterly accounting periods of CHS, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period and the consolidated statement of income of CHS and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and for the fiscal year to date period then ended, prepared by CHS in accordance with GAAP and certified to by a Responsible Officer;   provided   that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of CHS s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this   Section 7.2(f)(i)  ; 
  (ii)        as     soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each annual accounting period of CHS, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the period then ended and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows of CHS and its Subsidiaries for the period then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by a statement of CHS (with, if necessary, qualifications related to changes in GAAP), to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended;   provided   that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of CHS s annual report on Form 10-K prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this   Section 7.2(f)(ii)  ; 
  
   41 

(iii)        at least 30 days prior to any change in Servicer s name or jurisdiction of organization, a notice setting forth the new name or jurisdiction, as applicable, and the proposed effective date thereof; 
  (iv)        such data, reports and information relating to the Pool Assets and the other Collateral reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent from time to time; 
  (v)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of any Adverse Claim or dispute asserted or claim made against a Pool Asset or any other Collateral; 
  (vi)    promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made; 
  (vii)    promptly (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Unmatured Servicer Termination Event and the action that the Servicer proposes to take with respect thereto; 
  (viii)    at least fifteen (15) days prior to (i) the effectiveness of any change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a description or, if available, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy after giving effect to such change or amendment and a written notice (A) indicating such change or amendment and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to adversely affect the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Asset, requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (ii) Servicer making any material change or changes in the character of its business, written notice indicating such change and requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed);  
  (ix)        promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following receipt thereof, a copy of all periodic statements regarding the Originator Collection Accounts from the applicable Account Banks; and 
  (x)        as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that  
  
   42 

would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer. 
  (g)        Perform Terms  .  Servicer will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and promptly inform the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent of any breach or default by Servicer or any Account Debtor or Obligor of any of the terms thereof. 
  (h)        Not Adversely Affect the Administrative Agent s Rights  .  Servicer will refrain from any act or omission which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prejudice, diminish or limit, in each case in any material respect, the Administrative Agent s or any other Affected Party s rights under or with respect to any of the Pool Assets, any other Collateral or this Agreement, except to the extent such act or omission is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
  (i)        Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy  . Servicer will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the enforcement and collection of Pool Assets and Related Security. 
  (j)        Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions  .  Policies and procedures will be maintained and enforced by or on behalf of Servicer that are designed in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to promote and achieve compliance, in the reasonable judgment of Servicer, by Servicer and each of its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities.   
  (k)        No Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy or Organizational Documents  .  Servicer shall not make any change in (A) the character of its business without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers or (B) the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (l)        Collection Accounts; Lockbox; Originator Specified Accounts  .  The Servicer shall (i) direct (x) each Account Debtor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Receivables only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account and (y) each Obligor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Loans only to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account, (ii) not to change such payment instructions while any Pool Assets remain outstanding, (iii)  take any and all other reasonable actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets will be deposited in accordance with   clause (i)  , (iv) hold in trust as the Affected Parties  exclusive property and safeguard for the benefit of the Affected Parties all Collections and other amounts remitted or paid to the Seller or the Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) in respect of Pool Assets for prompt deposit into the Concentration Account in the manner set forth below, (v) deposit  
  
   43 

in a Collection Account all Collections remitted to an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof and (vi) endorse, to the extent necessary, all checks or other instruments received in any Lockbox so that the same can be deposited in a Collection Account, in the form so received (with all necessary endorsements), on the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof.  The Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to a Lockbox, a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account any amounts other than Collection or proceeds thereof. The Servicer shall not terminate or permit the termination of any Collection Account, Originator Specified Account or Lockbox or any Account Agreement without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
  (m)        Concentration Account  .  The Servicer shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Concentration Account all Available Collections and other amounts received by Seller, Servicer or Originator (or any of their respective Affiliates) or deposited in a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account or a Collection Account, in each case, with respect to Pool Assets or any other Collateral (whether such amounts were received by Seller directly or otherwise) without adjustment, setoff or deduction of any kind or nature no later than the Business Day preceding the Settlement Date immediately succeeding receipt thereof;   provided   that, so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists, the Seller shall not be required to deposit Collections on the Business Day preceding the next Settlement Date in excess of the aggregate amount the Seller is required to pay on such Settlement Date in accordance with   Section 3.1(d)  .  The Servicer shall take any and all other actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets and the other Collateral will be deposited in the Concentration Account in a timely manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  The Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to the Concentration Account any amounts other than Collection or proceeds thereof.  The Servicer shall not terminate or permit the termination of the Concentration Account without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers.   
  (n)        Misdirected Payments  .  If the Servicer receives a misdirected payment of a Pool Asset from any Account Debtor or Obligor, the Servicer shall remit such funds to a Collection Account no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof.  Until remitted to a Collection Account, the Servicer shall hold such funds in trust as the Affected Parties  exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Affected Parties. 
  (o)        Tax Status  .  Servicer shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in Seller being treated as other than a  disregarded entity  within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation   301.7701-3. 
  (p)        Transaction Documents  .  Without limiting any of Servicer s covenants or agreements set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, so long as Servicer is an Originator or Performance Guarantor, Servicer shall comply with each and every of its covenants and agreements as an Originator or Performance Guarantor, as applicable, under each Transaction Document to which it is a party in any capacity. 
  
   44 

SECTION 7.3        Full Recourse  .  Notwithstanding any limitation on recourse contained herein or in any other Transaction Document: (i) Seller has the obligation to pay all Yield and other amounts due under   Sections 3.1(c)   and   3.4   or under   Articles IV   or   XII   (which obligation shall be full recourse general obligations of Seller), and (ii) all obligations of CHS so specified hereunder shall be full recourse general obligations of CHS. 
  SECTION 7.4        Corporate Separateness; Related Matters and Covenants  .  Each of Seller and Servicer covenant, until the Final Payout Date, as follows: 
  (a)        Seller and Servicer shall assure that Seller, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor and Originators (and each of their respective Affiliates) shall observe the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of Seller as a legal entity separate and apart from each of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and any of their respective Affiliates other than Seller, and comply with its organizational documents and assuring that each of the following is complied with: 
  (i)    Seller shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) separate company records and books of account (each of which shall be sufficiently full and complete to permit a determination of Seller s assets and liabilities and, in the case of such records and books of account, to permit a determination of the obligees thereon and the time for performance of each of Seller s obligations) from those of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and their respective Affiliates (other than Seller); 
  (ii)        except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, Seller shall not commingle any of its assets or funds with those of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates (other than Seller); 
  (iii)        at least one member of Seller s Board of Managers shall be an Independent Manager and the limited liability company agreement of Seller shall provide: (i) for the same definition of  Independent Manager  as used herein, (ii) that Seller s Board of Managers shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to Seller unless the Independent Manager shall approve the taking of such action in writing before the taking of such action and (iii) that the provisions required by   clauses (i)   and   (ii)   of this sentence cannot be amended except in accordance with this Agreement and without the prior written consent of the Independent Manager and the Required Purchasers; 
  (iv)        the members and Board of Managers of Seller shall hold all regular and special meetings appropriate to authorize Seller s actions.  The members and managers of Seller may act from time to time by unanimous written consent or through one or more committees in accordance with Seller s certificate of formation and its limited liability company agreement.  Seller shall not take any Material Actions (as defined in its limited liability company agreement) without the consent of all its managers, including its Independent Manager.  Appropriate minutes of all  
  
   45 

meetings of Seller s members and managers (and committees thereof) shall be kept by Seller; 
  (v)        Seller shall compensate its Independent Manager in accordance with Seller s limited liability company agreement; 
  (vi)        decisions with respect to Seller s business and daily operations shall be independently made by Seller and shall not be dictated by Originators, CHS, Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates (except by CHS Capital as a member and/or manager of Seller in accordance with Seller s limited liability company agreement);   provided   that Servicer shall administer, service and collect the Pool Assets as contemplated by the Transaction Documents; 
  (vii)        no transactions shall be entered between Seller, on the one hand and any Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any of them (other than Seller), on the other hand (other than as contemplated hereby and in the other Transaction Documents); 
  (viii)        Seller shall act solely in its own name and through its own authorized managers, members, directors, officers and agents, except that, as a general matter, the Account Debtors and Obligors will not be informed in the first instance that Servicer is acting on behalf of Seller, that such Originator sold Assets to Seller or that Seller pledged Assets to the Administrative Agent; 
  (ix)        None of Originators, Servicer or any Affiliates of CHS shall be appointed as an agent of Seller, except in the capacity of servicer or subservicer hereunder; 
  (x)        none of Servicer, Originators, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates shall advance funds or credit to Seller; and none of Servicer, Originators, CHS or any Affiliate of Servicer, Originators, Performance Guarantor or CHS will otherwise supply funds or credit to, or guarantee any obligation of, Seller except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents; 
  (xi)        Seller shall maintain a separate space which shall be physically separate from space occupied by Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer (but may be in a separate space occupied solely by Seller at the offices of CHS or any Affiliate of CHS) and shall be clearly identified as Seller s space so it can be identified by outsiders; 
  (xii)        other than as permitted by the Transaction Documents, Seller shall not guarantee, or otherwise become liable with respect to, any obligation of CHS,  
  
   46 

Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate thereof (other than Seller); 
  (xiii)        Seller shall at all times hold itself out to the public under Seller s own name as a legal entity separate and distinct from its equity holders, members, managers, CHS, Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and each of their respective Affiliates (other than Seller) (the foregoing to include Seller not using the letterhead or telephone number of any such Person); 
  (xiv)        CHS shall prepare its financial statements in compliance with GAAP consistently applied; 
  (xv)        if any of Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or Originators shall provide any information with respect to the Pool Assets to any creditor of Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or such Originator, Seller or Servicer, as the case may be, shall also provide (or cause such Originator to provide) to such creditor a notice indicating that the Collections relating to such Pool Assets are held in trust for the Affected Parties; 
  (xvi)        to the extent required by GAAP, CHS s financial statements shall disclose the separateness of Seller and that the Pool Assets that are owned by Seller are not available to creditors of CHS or its Affiliates other than Seller; 
  (xvii)        any allocations of direct, indirect or overhead expenses for items shared between Seller and Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates shall be made among Seller and Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or value of services rendered and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to actual use or the value of services rendered; 
  (xviii)        Seller shall not be named, directly or indirectly, as a contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy covering the Servicer, Originators, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any of them (other than Seller) other than insurance policies entered into in the ordinary course of business covering other Affiliates of any of the foregoing; 
  (xix)        Seller shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations; 
  (xx)        Seller shall generally maintain an arm s-length relationship with Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor and their respective Affiliates and each transaction entered into with Seller shall be undertaken in good faith for a bona fide business purpose; and 
  
   47 

(xxi)        the Independent Manager shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for Seller, CHS, Originators, Performance Guarantor, Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates. 
  (b)        Seller and Servicer agree that: 
  (i)        Seller shall not (A) issue any security of any kind except certificates evidencing membership interests issued to CHS Capital in connection with its formation, or (B) incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for or in respect of any Debt or obligation other than as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
  (ii)        Seller shall not sell, pledge or dispose of any of its assets, except as permitted by, or as provided in, the Transaction Documents. 
  (iii)        Seller shall not purchase any asset (or make any investment, by share purchase, loan or otherwise) except as permitted by, or as provided in, the Transaction Documents. 
  (iv)        Seller shall not engage in any activity (whether or not pursued for gain or other pecuniary advantage) other than as permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
  (v)        Seller shall not create, assume or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim on any of its assets other than any Adverse Claim created pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
  (vi)        Seller shall not make any payment, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, any owner of any security interest or equity interest in Seller or any Affiliate of any such owner (except, in each case, as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents). 
  (vii)        Seller shall not acquiesce in, or direct Servicer or any other agent to take, any action that is prohibited to be taken by Seller in   clauses (i)   through   (vi)   above. 
  (viii)        Seller shall not have any employees. 
  (ix)        Seller will provide not less than ten (10) Business Days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any removal or replacement of any person that is currently serving or is proposed to be appointed as an Independent Manager, such notice to include the identity of the proposed replacement Independent Manager, together with a certification that such replacement satisfies the requirements for an Independent Manager set forth in this Agreement and the limited liability company agreement of Seller. 
  
   48 

(c)        Neither Seller nor Servicer shall take any action or permit any of their respective Affiliates to take any action inconsistent with   subsection (a)   or   (b)   above. 
  ARTICLE VIII            ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 
  SECTION 8.1        Designation of Servicer  . 
  (a)        CHS as Initial Servicer  .  The servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Assets on behalf of Seller, Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Purchasers shall be conducted by the Person designated as Servicer hereunder (   Servicer   ) from time to time in accordance with this   Section 8.1  .  Until Administrative Agent (with the consent, or acting at the direction of, the Required Purchasers) gives to CHS a Successor Notice (as defined in   Section 8.1(b)  ), CHS is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof.  Servicer shall receive the Servicing Fee, payable as described in   Article III  , for the performance of its duties hereunder. 
  (b)        Successor Notice  .  In the event that a Servicer Termination Event has occurred and has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Administrative Agent (with the consent of, or at the direction of, the Required Purchasers) shall have the right, upon not less than five (5) Business Days  notice to CHS and Seller, to designate a successor Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof (a    Successor Notice   ).  Upon effectiveness of a Successor Notice, CHS agrees that it shall terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that Administrative Agent reasonably believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the successor Servicer, and such successor Servicer shall assume each and all of CHS s obligations to service and administer the Pool Assets, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and CHS shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist such successor Servicer in assuming such obligations. 
  (c)        Subservicers; Subcontracts  .  Servicer may not subcontract with any Person that is not an Affiliate of Servicer (excluding Seller) or otherwise delegate any of its duties or obligations hereunder except with the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent;   provided   that, notwithstanding any such designation, delegation or subcontract, Servicer shall remain primarily and directly liable for the performance of all the duties and obligations of Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that Servicer may so subcontract with CHS Capital subject to the proviso in the previous sentence.   
  SECTION 8.2        Duties of Servicer  .  Seller, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent hereby appoints as its agent Servicer, as from time to time designated pursuant to   Section 8.1  , to enforce its rights and interests in and under the Pool Assets and the other Collateral.  Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all necessary and appropriate commercial servicing and collection activities in arranging the timely payment of amounts due and owing by any Account Debtor or Obligor (including the identification of the proceeds of the Pool Assets and related record keeping) all in accordance with Applicable Laws, with reasonable care and diligence, including  
  
   49 

diligently and faithfully performing all servicing and collection actions.  In connection with its administration, collection and servicing obligations, Servicer will perform its duties under the Receivable Documentation related to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents related to the Pool Loans with the same care and applying the same policies as it applies to its own assets generally and would exercise and apply if it owned the Pool Assets and shall act in the best interest of the Affected Parties to maximize Collections.   
  (a)        Allocation of Collections; Segregation  .  Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust Collections of Pool Assets in accordance with   Section 1.3  .  Servicer acknowledges and agrees that the Pool Assets have been sold and assigned to the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and no portion of the Collections with respect thereto held by the Servicer prior to depositing into a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or     the Concentration Account shall constitute property of the Servicer. 
  (b)        Documents and Records  .  Other than Custodian File held by the Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Seller shall deliver to Servicer, and Servicer shall hold in trust for Seller, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent, each Purchaser and each other Affected Party in accordance with their respective interests, all Records (and all original documents relating thereto) (and after the occurrence of any Event of Default, shall deliver the same to Administrative Agent promptly upon Administrative Agent s written request).  Upon written request of Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent, Servicer shall promptly provide (or cause Custodian to provide) Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents with the location(s) of all Records (and all original documents relating thereto). 
  (c)        Certain Duties of Servicer and Seller  .  Servicer shall, promptly following receipt of the collections of any Asset that is not a Pool Asset, a Related Asset or any other property included in the grant set forth in   Section 9.1  , turn over such collection to the Person entitled to such collection.   
  (d)        Termination  .  Servicer s obligations as such under this Agreement shall terminate upon the Final Payout Date. 
  (e)        Power of Attorney  .  Seller hereby appoints Servicer as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Seller, with full power of substitution, coupled with an interest, and hereby authorizes and empowers Servicer to take in Seller s name and on behalf of Seller any and all steps necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of Servicer, to collect all amounts due under any and all Pool Assets, including to make demands for any portion of Pool Assets remaining outstanding past its applicable due date, commence enforcement proceedings, exercise other powers under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, endorse Seller s name on checks and other instruments representing Collections, enforce Pool Receivables and the related Receivable Documentation, enforce Pool Loans and the related Loan Documents and take such other action and execute such other agreements, instruments and other documents in the name of Seller, to the extent necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes hereof.  Seller hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Seller, with full power of substitution, coupled  
  
   50 

with an interest, and hereby authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent in the name and on behalf of Seller at any time following removal of CHS as Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, to take such actions, and execute and deliver such documents, as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or advisable in connection with any Pool Assets (i) to obtain the full benefits of the Transaction Documents and the Pool Assets, (ii) to perfect each of the security interests in the Pool Assets and the other Collateral under the Transaction Documents, including to send a notice of each purchase, sale and pledge of the Pool Assets under the Transaction Documents to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor, (iii) to communicate     directly with the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor to collect any portion of a Pool Asset that remains outstanding past its applicable due date, (iv) to notify and require (x) Account Debtors to remit the proceeds of Pool Receivables directly to a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, a Collection Account or the Concentration Account and (y) Obligors to remit the proceeds of Pool Loans directly to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account or (v) to make collection of and otherwise realize the benefits of any Pool Asset.  At any time that CHS is no longer serving as Servicer hereunder or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to bring suit, in the Administrative Agent s or Seller s name, and generally have all other rights of an owner and holder respecting any Pool Assets, including the right to accelerate or extend the time of payment, settle, compromise, release in whole or in part any amounts owing on any Pool Assets and issue credits in its own name or the name of Seller.  At any time following removal of CHS as Servicer or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may endorse or sign the Administrative Agent s or Seller s name on any checks or other instruments with respect to any Pool Assets or the goods covered thereby.  This power of attorney, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable and shall not expire until the Final Payout Date. 
  (f)        Resignation of CHS as Servicer  .  CHS shall not resign in its capacity as Servicer hereunder without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent, which consent shall be given or withheld in the sole and absolute discretion of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
  SECTION 8.3      Rights of Administrative Agent  .  In addition to all of its other rights herein including under   Articles IX   and   X  , under the other Transaction Documents or at law or in equity, Administrative Agent shall have the other following rights set forth in this   Section 8.3  : 
  (a)        Notice to Account Debtors and Obligors  .  At any time after the occurrence of any Event of Default, Servicer shall (on behalf of Seller), at Administrative Agent s or any Purchaser Agent s request and at Seller s expense, give notice of Administrative Agent s ownership and security interest in the Pool Assets to each applicable Account Debtor or Obligor and instruct them that payments on the Pool Assets will only be effective if made to, or as otherwise instructed in writing by, Administrative Agent. 
  
   51 

(b)        [Reserved]  . 
  (c)        Other Rights  .  At any time after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) the commencement of the Liquidation Period, Servicer shall (on behalf of Seller), (A) at Administrative Agent s request and at Seller s expense, assemble all of the Records (other than Custodian File held by the Custodian pursuant to the Custodian Agreement) and deliver such Records to or at the direction of Administrative Agent and (B) at the request of Administrative Agent or its designee, exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, under any other Transaction Document, under any Pool Asset or under any other Collateral (to the extent permitted hereunder or thereunder). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of Servicer and Seller shall upon the request of Administrative Agent or its designee and at Seller s expense: 
  (I)    authorize, execute (if required) and file such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or appropriate; 
  (II)    make a notation in its books and records to indicate that the Pool Assets have been transferred and pledged in accordance with this Agreement; and 
  (III)    following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, mark conspicuously all Receivable Documentation evidencing Pool Receivable and all Loan Documents evidencing Pool Loans with a legend reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent evidencing that the Pool Assets have been sold or otherwise pledged pursuant to this Agreement. 
  (d)        Additional Financing Statements; Performance by Administrative Agent  .  Seller hereby authorizes Administrative Agent or its designee to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, or any similar instruments in any relevant jurisdiction relative to all or any of the Pool Assets and the other Collateral now existing or hereafter arising in the name of Seller.  Seller agrees that an  all assets  or similar filing against it may be filed for the purposes hereof and to perfect the security interest and transfers created hereby.  If Seller fails to perform any of its agreements or obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, Administrative Agent or its designee may (but shall not be required to) itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, and the expenses of Administrative Agent or its designee incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Seller as provided in   Section 13.6  . 
  SECTION 8.4        Responsibilities of Servicer  .  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding: 
  (a)        Contracts  .  Servicer shall, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, Applicable Law and the terms of this Agreement, perform all of its obligations under the Records, so long as it is an Affiliate of Seller, to the same extent as if the Asset Interest  
  
   52 

had not been sold hereunder and the exercise by Administrative Agent or its designee of its rights hereunder shall not relieve Servicer from such obligations. 
  (b)        Limitation of Liability  .  None of Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Pool Asset or Related Assets related thereto, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of Servicer or Seller thereunder. 
  SECTION 8.5        Further Action Evidencing Purchases and Reinvestments  .  Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it shall (or cause Servicer to) promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further actions, that Administrative Agent or its designee may reasonably request or that are necessary in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents, the Purchases hereunder and the resulting Asset Interest. 
  SECTION 8.6        Application of Collections  .  The Servicer shall be responsible for promptly identifying, matching, applying and reconciling any payments received in the Collection Accounts or Originator Specified Accounts with the Asset associated with such payment.   
  SECTION 8.7        Funds and Documents to be held in Trust  .  Whenever this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requires the Seller or the Servicer to hold funds or documents in trust for the Administrative Agent, it is understood and agreed that CHS, Seller or Servicer is not required to establish trust accounts or arrangements with independent trustees, custodians or third parties, but may hold such funds for the Administrative Agent in Originator Collection Accounts which may be commingled with other deposit account maintained by CHS, Seller or Servicer, and may hold such documents for safekeeping for the Administrative Agent in such manner as CHS, Seller of Servicer holds its own documents in safekeeping;   provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, (x) Seller, CHS and the Servicer shall not be permitted to deposit any funds in a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account other than Collections and proceeds thereof and (y) neither the Seller Collection Accounts nor the Concentration Account may be commingled with any other deposit accounts. 
  ARTICLE IX           SECURITY INTEREST 
  SECTION 9.1        Grant of Security Interest  .  To secure all obligations of Seller arising in connection with this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, including, all Indemnified Amounts, payments on account of Collections received or deemed to be received and fees and expenses, in each case   pro rata   according to the respective amounts thereof, Seller hereby assigns and pledges to Administrative Agent, as collateral trustee, for the benefit of the Affected Parties, and hereby grants to Administrative Agent, as collateral trustee, for the benefit of the Affected Parties, a security interest in, and general lien on all of the following: all of Seller s right, title and interest now or hereafter existing in, to and under all of Seller s assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and wherever located (whether or not in the possession or control of Seller),  
  
   53 

including all of its right, title and interest in, to and under each of the following, in each case, whether now owned or existing hereafter arising, acquired, or originated, or in which Seller now or hereafter has any rights, and wherever located (whether or not in the possession or control of Seller) and all proceeds of any of the foregoing (collectively, the    Collateral   ): (I) all Pool Assets; (II) the Related Assets; (III) the Collections; (IV) all Accounts; (V) all Chattel Paper; (VI) all Contracts; (VII) all Deposit Accounts; (VIII) all Documents; (IX) all Payment Intangibles; (X) all General Intangibles; (XI) all Instruments; (XII) all Inventory; (XIII) all Investment Property; (XIV) all letter of credit rights and supporting obligations; (XV) the Sale Agreement and all rights and remedies of Seller thereunder; (XVI) the Custodian Agreement and all rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent thereunder; (XVII) all other assets in the Asset Interest; (XVIII) all rights, interests, remedies and privileges of Seller relating to any of the foregoing (including the right to sue for past, present or future infringement of any or all of the foregoing); (XIX) each Lockbox; and (XX) to the extent not otherwise included, all products and Proceeds (each capitalized term in   clauses IV   through   XX  , as defined in the UCC) of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of each of the foregoing (including insurance proceeds), and all distributions (whether in money, securities or other property) and collections from or with respect to any of the foregoing. 
  Seller hereby authorizes the filing of financing statements, including those filed under   Section 8.3(d)  , describing the collateral covered thereby as  all of debtor s personal property and assets  or words to that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the collateral described in this   Section 9.1  .  This Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under Applicable Law. 
  SECTION 9.2        Further Assurances  .  The provisions of   Section 8.5   shall apply to the security interest granted, and to the assignment effected, under   Section 9.1   as well as to the Purchases, Reinvestments and the Asset Interest hereunder. 
  SECTION 9.3        Remedies; Waiver  .  After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have, with respect to the Collateral granted pursuant to   Section 9.1  , and in addition to all other rights and remedies available to any Affected Party under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or other Applicable Law, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC.  To the fullest extent it may lawfully so agree, Seller agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, claim, plead, or take any benefit or advantage of any appraisal, valuation, stay, extension, moratorium, redemption or similar law now or hereafter in force in order to prevent, delay, or hinder the enforcement hereof or the absolute sale of any part of the Collateral; Seller for itself and all who claim through it, so far as it or they now or hereafter lawfully may do so, hereby waives the benefit of all such laws and all right to have the Collateral marshalled upon any foreclosure hereof, and agrees that any court having jurisdiction to foreclose this Agreement may order the sale of the Collateral in its entirety.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller hereby waives and releases any and all right to require Administrative Agent to collect any of such obligations from any specific item or items of the Collateral or from any other party liable as guarantor or in any other manner in respect of any of such obligations or from any collateral (including the Collateral) for any of such obligations. 
  
   54 

ARTICLE X            EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
  SECTION 10.1        Events of Default  .  The following events shall be    Events of Default    hereunder: 
  (a)        (i) Seller or Servicer shall fail to be in compliance with any of its covenants or obligations set forth in   Section 3.1(a)  ,   7.1(d)  ,   7.1(f)  ,   7.1(g)  ,   7.1(o)  ,   7.1(u)  ,   7.1(w)  ,   7.2(e)  ,   7.2(f)  ,   7.4(a)(iii)   or   7.4(b)(ix)   of this Agreement or (ii) Seller, any Originator, CHS or Servicer shall otherwise fail to be in compliance with any of its other covenants and obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than described in   clause (i)   hereof or   clause (b)   below), and such failure in this   clause (ii)  , solely to the extent capable of cure, shall continue unremedied for a period of at least ten (10) Business Days after the earlier of a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge of such failure or notice thereof given to Seller or the Servicer by the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party; 
  (b)        Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator shall fail to make any payment or deposit or transfer of monies to be made by it hereunder or under any other Transaction Document as and when due and such failure is not remedied within one (1) Business Day; 
  (c)        CHS shall fail to perform its duties and obligations as Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and such failure is not remedied within one (1) Business Day; 
  (d)        CHS shall resign as Servicer other than in accordance with this Agreement; 
  (e)        (i) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or (ii) Servicer, any Originator or Seller shall not be Solvent; 
  (f)        any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator in this Agreement, any Information Package or any other Transaction Document shall fail to be true and correct in any material respect, as of the date made or, in the case of any representation or warranty which speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; 
  (g)        Administrative Agent shall fail to have a valid first priority perfected security interest in the Concentration Account and the Collection Accounts (and all amounts and instruments from time to time on deposit therein); 
  (h)        Seller shall be required to register as an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act; 
  
   55 

(i)        a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred; 
  (j)        a Change of Control shall have occurred; 
  (k)        Seller shall fail to pay in full all of its obligations to Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Agents and Purchasers hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents on or prior to the Legal Final Settlement Date. 
  (l)        there shall have occurred any event which materially adversely impairs the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increases the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, the Pool Assets generally or any material portion thereof; 
  (m)        this Agreement or any security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall for any reason cease to create, or for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent with respect to the Pool Assets and Related Assets and, in either case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; 
  (n)        any Transaction Document shall, in whole or in part, except pursuant to the terms thereof, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be a legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of any party thereto (other than any Affected Party) or any such party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of such Transaction Document; 
  (o)        in the reasonable opinion of the Required Purchasers, there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer, Seller, any Originator or Performance Guarantor; 
  (p)        For the Receivables Pool, (i) the average of the Default Ratios (Receivables) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 1.0%, (ii) the average of the Dilution Ratios for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 5.0% or (iii) the average of the Days Sales Outstanding for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 25.0 days; 
  (q)        For the Loan Pool, the average of the Default Ratios (Loans) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 3.0%; or the Monthly Loss Ratio (Loans) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 1.0%; or the Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time be less than 3.25%; 
  (r)        on any day, (i) the Total Investment exceeds the Purchasers  Total Commitment, or (ii) the Total Investment exceeds the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, in each case, unless cured within two (2) Business Days; 
  
   56 

(s)        any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer, or any of their respective Subsidiaries (i) fails to make payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) in respect of any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness arising under any Transaction Document) aggregating in excess of $100,000,000 which was incurred, assumed or guaranteed by such Person, or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other condition or covenant, or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist, under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness arising under any Transaction Document) aggregating in excess of $100,000,000 was incurred, assumed or guaranteed by such Person, if the effect of such failure, event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries of such indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, such indebtedness to be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity, or such guaranty to become payable, without regard to whether such holder or holders, beneficiary or beneficiaries or such other Person shall have exercised or waived their right to do so; 
  (t)        one or more judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration award is entered against any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer, involving in the aggregate a liability (to the extent not covered by insurance from a Solvent insurer and as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), as to any single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions, of $25,000,000 or more, and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days after the entry thereof (or such longer period as may be permitted by Applicable Law or court order to obtain relief from payment of or to pay such judgments, orders, decrees or awards); 
  (u)        one or more judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration awards is entered against Seller involving in the aggregate a liability of $15,775 or more, other than any judgment against Seller with respect to any taxes that are owing by Seller to any Governmental Authority that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, that remain undischarged, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days after the entry thereof (or such longer period as may be permitted by Applicable Law or court order to obtain relief from payment thereof); 
  (v)    (i) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which would materially adversely affect the financial condition or results of operations of Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate shall fail to pay when due under Section 412 of the Code any contribution to a Pension Plan in excess of $25,000,000 and such failure shall continue for 30 days; or 
  (w)        the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of Seller, Servicer or Originators and such lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days, or the PBGC shall file  
  
   57 

notice of a lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of Seller, Servicer or Originators and such lien shall not have been released within five Business Days. 
  SECTION 10.2        Remedies  . 
  (a)        Optional Liquidation  .  Upon, or anytime after, the occurrence of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in   Section 10.1(e)  ), Administrative Agent shall, at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Purchasers, by notice to Seller and Servicer declare the Purchase Termination Date to have occurred and the Liquidation Period to have commenced and shall have all of the remedies set forth in   Section 9.3   or otherwise herein or in equity or at law. 
  (b)        Automatic Liquidation  .  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in   Section 10.1(e)  , the Purchase Termination Date shall occur and the Liquidation Period shall commence automatically. 
  (c)        Remedies  .  Upon, or at any time after, the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to this   Section 10.2  , no Purchases or Reinvestments thereafter will be made.  Upon the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to this   Section 10.2  , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, (i) all other rights and remedies provided under the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction and other Applicable Laws (including all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (including the right to sell any or all of the Collateral subject hereto)) and (ii) all rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral granted pursuant to   Section 9.1  , all of which rights shall be cumulative. 
  (d)        Specific Remedies  .  (23) Without limiting   Section 10.2(c)   or any other provision herein or in any other Transaction Document, the parties hereto agree that the terms of this   Section 10.2(d)   are agreed upon in accordance with Section 9-603 of the New York UCC, that they do not believe the terms of this   Section 10.2(d)   to be  manifestly unreasonable  for purposes of Section 9-603 of the New York UCC, and that compliance therewith shall constitute a  commercially reasonable  disposition under Section 9-610 of the New York UCC, and further agree as follows: 
  (ii)        After the occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to   Section 10.2(a)   or   Section 10.2(b)  , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have all rights, remedies and recourse granted in any Transaction Document and any other instrument executed to provide security for or in connection with the payment and performance of the Obligations or existing at common law or equity (including specifically those granted by the New York UCC and the UCC of any other state which governs the creation or perfection (and the effect thereof) of any security interest in the Collateral), and such rights and remedies: (A) shall be cumulative and concurrent; (B) may be pursued separately, successively or concurrently against Seller, any Originator and Performance Guarantor and any other party obligated under the Obligations, or any of such Collateral, or any other security  
  
   58 

for the Obligations, or any of them, at the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties; (C) may be exercised as often as occasion therefor shall arise, it being agreed by Seller, Servicer, each Originator, Performance Guarantor and any other party obligated under the Obligations, or any of such Collateral, or any other security for the Obligations, or any of them, that the exercise or failure to exercise any of same shall in no event be construed as a waiver or release thereof or of any other right, remedy or recourse; and (D) are intended to be and shall be, non exclusive.  For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any disposition of the Collateral or any part thereof (including any purchase by Administrative Agent, any Affected Party, or any Affiliate of any of them) in accordance with the terms of this   Section 10.2   for consideration which is insufficient, after payment of all related costs and expenses of every kind, to satisfy the Obligations, (1) such disposition shall not act as, and shall not be deemed to be, a waiver of any rights by Administrative Agent or the Affected Parties and Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties shall have a claim for such deficiency and (2) Administrative Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any such deficiency. 
  Upon the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to   Section 10.2(a)   or   Section 10.2(b)  , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have the right, in accordance with this   Section 10.2(d)  , to dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof upon giving at least ten (10) Business Days  prior notice to Seller and Servicer of the time and place of disposition, for cash or upon credit or for future delivery, with Seller and Servicer hereby waiving all rights, if any, to require Administrative Agent or any other Person to marshal the Collateral and at the option and in the complete discretion of Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may: 
  (I)    dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof at a public disposition; 
  (II)    dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof at a private disposition, in which event such notice shall also contain a summary of the material terms of the proposed disposition, and Seller shall have until the time of such proposed disposition during which to redeem the Collateral or to procure a Person willing, ready and able to acquire the Collateral on terms at least as favorable to Seller and the Affected Parties, and if such an acquirer is so procured, then Administrative Agent shall dispose of the Collateral to the acquirer so procured; 
  (III)    dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof in bulk or parcels; 
  (IV)    dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof to any Affected Party or any Affiliate thereof at a public disposition; 
  (V)    bid for and acquire, unless prohibited by Applicable Law, free from any redemption right, the Collateral or any part thereof, and, if the Affected Parties are then the holders of any Obligations or any participation or other interest therein, in lieu of paying cash therefor, Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties may make settlement for the selling price by crediting the net selling price, if any,  
  
   59 

after deducting all costs and expenses of every kind, upon the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations, in such order and manner as Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties, in its discretion, may deem advisable and as permissible and required under the Transaction Documents.  Administrative Agent for the benefit of Affected Parties, upon so acquiring the Collateral or any part thereof shall be entitled to hold or otherwise deal with or dispose of the same in any manner not prohibited by Applicable Law; or 
  (VI)    enforce any other remedy available to Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties at law or in equity. 
  From time to time Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, postpone the time and change the place of any proposed disposition of any of the Collateral for which notice has been given as provided above and may retain the Collateral until such time as the proposed disposition occurs if, in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, such postponement or change is necessary or appropriate in order that the provisions of this Agreement applicable to such disposition may be fulfilled or in order to obtain more favorable conditions under which such disposition may take place.  Seller and CHS each acknowledges and agrees that private dispositions may be made at prices and upon other terms less favorable than might have been attained if the Collateral were disposed of at public disposition. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to make any disposition of the Collateral or any part thereof notwithstanding any prior notice of a proposed disposition. No demand, advertisement or notice, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Seller and CHS to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, shall be required in connection with any disposition of the Collateral or any part thereof, except for the notice described in this   clause (ii)  . 
  In case of any disposition by Administrative Agent of any of the Collateral on credit, which may be elected at the option and in the complete discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, the Collateral so disposed may be retained by Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties until the disposition price is paid by the purchaser, but neither Administrative Agent nor the Affected Parties shall incur any liability in case of failure of the purchaser to take up and pay for the Collateral so disposed.  In case of any such failure, such Collateral so disposed may be again disposed. 
  After deducting all costs or expenses of every kind (including the attorneys  fees and legal expenses incurred by Administrative Agent or the Affected Parties, or both), Administrative Agent shall apply the residue of the proceeds of any disposition or dispositions, if any, to pay the principal of and interest upon the Obligations in such order and manner as Administrative Agent in its discretion may deem advisable and as permissible and required under the Transaction Documents.  The excess, if any, shall be paid to Seller in accordance with the Transaction Documents.  Neither Administrative Agent nor the Affected Parties shall incur any liability as a result of the dispositions of the Collateral at any private or public disposition that complies with the provisions of this   Section 10.2(d)  . 
  Notwithstanding a foreclosure upon any of the Collateral or exercise of any other remedy by Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties in connection with the Purchase  
  
   60 

Termination Date pursuant to   Section 10.2  , neither Seller nor CHS shall be subrogated thereby to any rights of Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties against the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, nor shall Seller or CHS be deemed to be the owner of any interest in any Obligations, or exercise any rights or remedies with respect to itself or any other party until the Obligations have been paid to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties and are fully and indefeasibly performed and discharged. 
  Administrative Agent shall have no duty to prepare or process the Collateral for disposition. 
  ARTICLE XI           PURCHASER AGENTS; ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT;   CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS 
  SECTION 11.1        Authorization and Action of Program Administrator  .  Pursuant to its related Program Administration Agreement, each of Nieuw Amsterdam and Victory has appointed and authorized its related Program Administrator (or its respective designees) to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to its related Program Administrator by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
  SECTION 11.2        Limited Liability of Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent  .  The obligations of Administrative Agent, each Program Administrator, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider and each agent for any Purchaser under the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Person.  Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Person (including with respect to the servicing, administering or collecting Pool Assets by such Person as successor Servicer pursuant to   Section 8.1  ), no claim may be made by CHS, Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator against any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, any Enhancement Provider, any Liquidity Provider or any agent for any Purchaser or their respective Affiliates, directors, members, managers, officers, employees, attorneys or agents, including Global Securitization Services, LLC, any Program Administrator, BTMU and Rabobank, for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each of Seller and CHS hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages not expressly permitted by this   Section 11.2  , whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor.  The parties agree that (a) BTMU shall have no obligation, in its capacity as a Program Administrator for Victory or otherwise to take any actions under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document if BTMU is relieved of its obligations as a Program Administrator and (b) Rabobank shall have no obligation, in its capacity as a Program Administrator for Nieuw Amsterdam or otherwise to take any actions under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document if Rabobank is relieved of its obligations as a Program Administrator. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary (i) in no event shall Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent ever be required to take any action which exposes  
  
   61 

it to personal liability or which is contrary to the provision of any Transaction Document or Applicable Law and (ii) neither Administrative Agent nor any Purchaser Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any other Person, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent shall be read into this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, Administrative Agent shall act solely as the agent of the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the other Affected Parties, as applicable, and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor, CHS or any other Person. 
  SECTION 11.3        Authorization and Action of each Purchaser Agent  .  By its execution hereof, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser and Committed Purchaser, and by accepting the benefits hereof, each Enhancement Provider and Liquidity Provider, each such party hereby designates and appoints its related Purchaser Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Purchaser Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Each Purchaser Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any actions and exercise any rights or remedies, in each case, authorized or provided for under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and any related agreements and documents. 
  SECTION 11.4        Authorization and Action of Administrative Agent  .    By its execution hereof, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser, Committed Purchaser and Purchaser Agent, each such party hereby designates and appoints BTMU as the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Administrative Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any actions and exercise any rights or remedies, in each case, authorized or provided for under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and any related agreements and documents. 
  SECTION 11.5        Delegation of Duties of each Purchaser Agent  .  Each Purchaser Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.  No Purchaser Agent shall be responsible to any Purchaser in its Purchaser Group for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
  SECTION 11.6        Delegation of Duties of Administrative Agent  .  Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.  Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any other Person for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
  SECTION 11.7      Successor Agent  .  The Administrative Agent may, upon at least 30 days notice to the Seller and each Purchaser Agent, resign as Administrative Agent.  Such resignation shall not become effective until a successor agent (i) is appointed by the Required Purchasers and,  
  
   62 

so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Seller and (ii) has accepted such appointment.  Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor agent, such successor agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
  SECTION 11.8      Indemnification  .    Each Committed Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Seller or the Servicer and without limiting the obligation of the Seller or the Servicer to do so), ratably in accordance with its Commitment from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind whatsoever (including in connection with any investigative or threatened proceeding, whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Person is designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent for such Person as a result of, or related to, any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection therewith (but excluding any such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent resulting solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Person as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). 
  SECTION 11.9        Reliance, etc.    Without limiting the generality of   Section 11.2  , each of any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any Enhancement Provider and any Liquidity Provider (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for Seller), independent certified public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Purchaser or any other holder of any interest in Pool Assets and shall not be responsible to any Purchaser or any such other holder for any statements, warranties or representations made by other Persons in or in connection with any Transaction Document; (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Transaction Document on the part of Seller or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of Seller; (d) shall not be responsible to any Purchaser or any other holder of any interest in Pool Assets for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any Transaction Document; and (e) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by acting upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by facsimile or telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. 
  SECTION 11.10        Purchasers and Affiliates  .  Any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent and any of their respective Affiliates may generally engage in any kind of business with Seller, each Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Account Debtor or Obligor, any of their respective Affiliates and any Person who may do business with or own securities of Seller, each Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Account Debtor or Obligor or any of their respective Affiliates, all as if it was not a Purchaser,  
  
   63 

a Purchaser Agent, a Program Administrator or Administrative Agent hereunder, and without any duty to account therefor to any Purchaser or any other holder of an interest in Pool Assets. 
  SECTION 11.11        Sharing of Recoveries  .  Each Purchaser agrees that if it receives any recovery, through set-off, judicial action or otherwise, on any amount payable or recoverable hereunder in a greater proportion than should have been received hereunder or otherwise inconsistent with the provisions hereof, then the recipient of such recovery shall purchase for cash an interest in amounts owing to the other Purchasers (as return of such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment or otherwise), without representation or warranty except for the representation and warranty that such interest is being sold by each such other Purchaser free and clear of any lien created or granted by such other Purchaser, in the amount necessary to create proportional participation by the Purchaser in such recovery.  If all or any portion of such amount is thereafter recovered from the recipient, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
  SECTION 11.12      Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers  .  Each Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent, or any Purchaser Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser Agent, as applicable.  Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents that, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator, and the Assets and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit, action under any Transaction Document.  Except for items specifically required to be delivered hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Purchaser Agent with any information concerning the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator or any of their Affiliates that comes into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
  ARTICLE XII            INDEMNIFICATION 
  SECTION 12.1        Indemnities by Seller  . 
  (a)        General Indemnity  .  Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, but subject to   Sections 12.1(b)   and   13.5  , Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Administrative Agent, each Program Administrator, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider, each other Affected Party, any sub-agent of Administrative Agent, any  
  
   64 

Purchaser Agent, any assignee or successor of any of the foregoing and each of their respective Affiliates, and all directors, members, managers, directors, shareholders, officers, employees and attorneys or agents of any of the foregoing (each an    Indemnified Party   ), forthwith on demand, from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities and related costs and expenses (including all filing fees), including reasonable attorneys , consultants  and accountants  fees and disbursements but excluding all Excluded Taxes other than any amounts reimbursable pursuant to   Section 4.3   (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as    Indemnified Amounts   ) awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of, relating to or in connection with the Transaction Documents, any of the transactions contemplated thereby, or the ownership, maintenance or funding, directly or indirectly, of the Asset Interest (or any part thereof) or in respect of or related to any Collateral, including Pool Assets or any Related Assets or otherwise arising out of or relating to or resulting from the actions or inactions of Seller, any Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any other party to a Transaction Document;   provided  ,   however  , notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Article XII  , in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities or other Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any sum due under its Pool Assets by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor).  Without limiting the foregoing, Seller shall indemnify, subject to the express limitations set forth in this   Section 12.1  , and hold harmless each Indemnified Party for any and all Indemnified Amounts arising out of, relating to or resulting from: 
  (i)        Any Pool Asset treated as or represented by Seller or Servicer to be an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, which is not at the applicable time an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable; 
  (ii)        the transfer by Seller or each Originator of any interest in any Pool Asset other than the transfer of any Pool Asset and Related Assets to Administrative Agent and any Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, to Administrative Agent and to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and the grant of a security interest to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement; 
  (iii)    any representation or warranty made by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) (or any of their respective officers or Affiliates) under or in connection with any Transaction Document, any Information Package or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of Seller pursuant hereto, which shall have been untrue, false or incorrect when made or deemed made; 
  
   65 

(iv)        the failure of Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to comply with the terms of any Transaction Document or any Applicable Law (including with respect to any Pool Asset or Related Assets), or the nonconformity of any Pool Asset or Related Assets with any such Applicable Law; 
  (v)        the lack of an enforceable ownership interest, or a first priority perfected security interest, in the Pool Assets (and all Related Assets) against all Persons (including any bankruptcy trustee or similar Person); 
  (vi)        the failure to file, or any delay in filing of, financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or under any other Applicable Laws with respect to any Pool Asset whether at the time of any Purchase or Reinvestment or at any time thereafter; 
  (vii)        any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy) of the Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to the payment of any Pool Asset in, or purporting to be in, the Asset Pool (including a defense based on such (x) Pool Receivable s or the related Receivable Documentation s or (y) Pool Loan s or the related Loan Documents  not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms) or any other claim resulting from the sale of the merchandise or services related to such Pool Asset or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services; 
  (viii)        any suit or claim related to the Pool Assets or any Transaction Document (including any products liability or environmental liability claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise or services that are the subject of any Pool Asset to the extent not covered pursuant to   Section 13.5  ), other than any such suit or claim that arises as a result of the failure of any Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to pay any sum due under its Pool Asset by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor); 
  (ix)        the ownership, delivery, non-delivery, possession, design, construction, use, maintenance, transportation, performance (whether or not according to specifications), operation (including the failure to operate or faulty operation), condition, return, sale, repossession or other disposition or safety of any Related Assets (including claims for patent, trademark, or copyright infringement and claims for injury to persons or property, liability principles, or otherwise, and claims of breach of warranty, whether express or implied); 
  (x)        the failure by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to notify any Account Debtor or Obligor of the assignment pursuant to the terms hereof of any Pool Asset to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Purchasers or the failure to require that  
  
   66 

payments (including any under the related insurance policies) be made directly to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Purchasers; 
  (xi)        failure by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to comply with the  bulk sales  or analogous laws of any jurisdiction; 
  (xii)        any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) imposed upon any Indemnified Party or upon or with respect to the Pool Assets, all interest and penalties thereon or with respect thereto, and all costs and expenses related thereto or arising therefrom, including the fees and expenses of counsel in defending against the same; 
  (xiii)        any loss arising, directly or indirectly, as a result of the imposition of sales or similar transfer type taxes or the failure by Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer to timely collect and remit to the appropriate authority any such taxes; 
  (xiv)    any commingling of any Collections by Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer relating to the Pool Assets with any of their funds or the funds of any other Person; 
  (xv)    any failure by Seller, CHS, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents; 
  (xvi)    the failure or delay to provide any Account Debtor or Obligor with an invoice or other evidence of indebtedness; or 
  (xvii)        any inability of any Originator or Seller to assign any Pool Asset or Related Asset as contemplated under the Transaction Documents; or the violation or breach by any Originator, Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates of any confidentiality provision, or of any similar covenant of non-disclosure, or any other Indemnified Amount with respect to or resulting from any such violation or breach. 
  (b)        Contest of Tax Claim; After-Tax Basis  .  Subject to the provisions of   Section 3.3  , if any Indemnified Party shall have notice of any attempt to impose or collect any Indemnified Tax or governmental fee or charge for which indemnification will be sought from Seller under   Sections 12.1(a)(xii)   or   (xiii)  , such Indemnified Party shall give prompt and timely notice of such attempt to Seller and Seller shall, provided that Seller shall first deposit with the applicable Purchaser Agent amounts which are sufficient to pay both the aforesaid tax, fee or charge and the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Parties, have the right, at its sole expense, to control any proceedings resisting or objecting to the imposition or collection of any such Tax, governmental fee or charge and no such contest shall be settled or otherwise compromised without such Indemnified Party s prior written consent.   
  
   67 

Indemnification in respect of such tax, governmental fee or charge shall be in an amount necessary to make the Indemnified Party whole after taking into account any tax consequences to the Indemnified Party of the payment of any of the aforesaid Taxes and the receipt of the indemnity provided hereunder or of any refund of any such Tax previously indemnified hereunder, including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount of Tax measured by net income or profits which is or was payable by the Indemnified Party. 
  (c)        Contribution  .  If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this   Section 12.1   is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then Seller shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified Party on the one hand and Seller on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
  SECTION 12.2      Indemnity by Servicer  .  Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, Servicer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from any and all Indemnified Amounts incurred by any of them and arising out of, relating to or resulting from: (i) any failure by Servicer to perform its duties or obligations as Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document in accordance with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or to comply with any Applicable Law, (ii) any breach of any of Servicer s representations, warranties or covenants under any Transaction Document, (iii) any claim brought by any Person other than an Indemnified Party arising from Servicer s servicing or collection activities with respect to the Pool Assets or (iv) any commingling of any funds by it (in any capacity) relating to the Asset Interest with any of its funds or the funds of any other Person;   provided  ,   however  , that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses or liabilities to the extent resulting from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any sum due under its Pool Asset by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor). 
  ARTICLE XIII            MISCELLANEOUS 
  SECTION 13.1        Amendments, Etc  .  No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement nor consent to any departure by Seller or Servicer therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Seller, Administrative Agent, Servicer and the Required Purchasers, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided  ,   however  , that no such amendment, waiver or modification shall (i) decrease the outstanding amount of, or extend the repayment of or any scheduled payment date for the payment of, any Yield in respect of the Total Investment or any fees owed to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent  
  
   68 

without the prior written consent of such Person; (ii) forgive or waive or otherwise excuse any repayment of the Total Investment without the prior written consent of each Purchaser and the related Purchaser Agent affected thereby; (iii) increase the Commitment of any Purchaser without its prior written consent; (iv) amend or modify the ratable share of any Committed Purchaser s Commitment or its percentage of the Purchasers  Total Commitment without such Committed Purchaser s prior written consent; (v) amend or modify the provisions of this   Section 13.1  ,   Section 10.1   or the definition of  Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount ,  Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables) ,  Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) ,  Delinquent Loan ,  Delinquent Receivable ,  Defaulted Loan ,  Defaulted Receivable ,  Eligible Loan ,  Eligible Receivable ,  Event of Default ,  Legal Final Settlement Date ,  Loan Investment Base ,  Loan Pool Excess Spread Percentage ,  Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage ,  Net Loan Pool Balance ,  Net Pool Balance ,  Net Receivables Pool Balance ,  Purchase Termination Date ,  Receivables Investment Base ,  Related Asset ,  Related Security ,  Required Purchasers ,  Required Loan Reserves ,  Required Receivable Reserves ,  Required Reserves ,  Servicer Termination Event ,  Specified Regulation ,  Total Investment ,  Unmatured Event of Default ,  Unmatured Servicer Termination Event ,  Specified Concentration Percentage  or  Yield Period  or any of the definitions used in any such preceding definition, in each case without the prior written consent of each Committed Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent or (vi) release all or any material part of the Asset Interest from the security interest granted by the Seller to the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of each Committed Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent;   provided  ,   further  , that the consent of Seller and Servicer shall not be required for the effectiveness of any amendment which modifies on a prospective basis, the representations, warranties, covenants or responsibilities of Servicer at any time when Servicer is not CHS or an Affiliate of CHS or a successor Servicer is designated by Administrative Agent through a Successor Notice;   provided  ,   further  , that (x) any amendment, waiver or modification to   Section 3.1(d)   that adversely affects the rights, duties or obligations of the Custodian or any other amendment, waiver or modification that adversely affects the fees, expenses or indemnities due to the Custodian or (y) any other amendment, modification or waiver that adversely affects the rights, duties or obligations of the Custodian in any material respect, in each case, shall require the prior written consent of the Custodian.  Notwithstanding anything in any Transaction Document to the contrary, none of Seller or Servicer shall amend, waive or otherwise modify any other Transaction Document, or consent to any such amendment or modification, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. 
  SECTION 13.2        Notices, Etc  .  All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile and email communication) and shall be personally delivered or sent by express mail or nationally recognized overnight courier or by certified mail, first class postage prepaid, or by facsimile or email, to the intended party at the address, facsimile number or email address of such party set forth in   Schedule 13.2   or at such other address, facsimile number or email address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto.  All such notices and communications shall be effective, (a) if personally delivered or sent by express mail or courier or if sent by certified mail, when received, and (b) if transmitted by facsimile or email, when receipt is confirmed by telephonic or electronic means. 
  
   69 

SECTION 13.3      Successors and Assigns; Participations; Assignments  . 
  (a)        Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  Except as otherwise provided herein, neither Seller nor Servicer may assign or transfer any of its rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder or under any Transaction Document without the prior consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
  (b)        Participations  .  Any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each a    Participant   ) participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder;   provided  ,   however  , that no Purchaser shall grant any participation under which the Participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.  Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and Seller, Servicer, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchaser s rights and obligations hereunder.  A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchaser s right to agree to any amendment hereto, except amendments that require the consent of all Purchasers.  Such Purchaser shall notify the Seller of any such Participant and the amount of such Participant s participating interest. 
  (c)        Assignment by Conduit Purchasers  .  This Agreement and each Conduit Purchaser s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including its interest in the Asset Interest) or any other Transaction Document shall be freely assignable in whole or in part by such Conduit Purchaser and its successors and permitted assigns to any Eligible Assignee without the consent of Seller unless Seller s consent is required pursuant to the definition of  Eligible Assignee .  Each assignor of all or a portion of its interest in the Asset Interest shall notify Administrative Agent, the related Purchaser Agent and Seller of any such assignment.  Each assignor of all or a portion of its interest in the Asset Interest may, in connection with such assignment and subject to   Section 13.8  , disclose to the assignee any information relating to the Asset Interest, furnished to such assignor by or on behalf of Seller, Servicer or Administrative Agent. 
  (d)        Assignment by Committed Purchasers  .  (23) Each Committed Purchaser may freely assign to any Eligible Assignee without the consent of Seller unless Seller s consent is required pursuant to the definition of  Eligible Assignee  all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document (including all or a portion of its Commitment and its interest in the Asset Interest), in each case, with prior written notice to Administrative Agent, the related Purchaser Agent and Seller;   provided  ,   however  , that the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent and to Seller, for its recording in the Register, a duly executed and enforceable joinder to this Agreement (   Joinder   ). 
  (ii)        From and after the effective date specified in such Joinder, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement have been assigned to it pursuant to such Joinder, have the rights and obligations of a Committed Purchaser thereunder and  
  
   70 

(y) the assigning Committed Purchaser shall, to the extent that rights and obligations have been assigned by it pursuant to such Joinder, relinquish such rights and be released from such obligations under this Agreement.  In addition, any Committed Purchaser may assign all or any portion of its rights (including its interest in the Asset Interest) under this Agreement to any Federal Reserve Bank without notice to or consent of Seller, Servicer, any other Committed Purchaser, Conduit Purchaser or Administrative Agent. 
  (e)        Register  . 
  (i)        Seller or CHS on Seller s behalf shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Purchasers, and the Purchases (and Yield, fees and other similar amounts under this Agreement) pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Seller, CHS and the Purchasers shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a lender solely for U.S. federal income tax and accounting purposes. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Purchaser, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
  (ii)        Seller or CHS on Seller s behalf shall also maintain in the Register each Participant s and/or assignee s interest or obligations under the Transaction Documents with respect to each participation or assignment pursuant to   Section     13.3(b)   or   13.3(c)   and shall record such participation or assignment upon notice from the Administrative Agent or the applicable Purchaser;   provided   that no Person shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, purchases or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such interest or obligation that is treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  (f)        Opinions of Counsel  .  If requested by Administrative Agent or an assigning Purchaser or related Purchaser Agent or necessary to maintain the ratings of any Conduit Purchaser s Commercial Paper Notes, each assignment agreement or transfer supplement, as the case may be, must be accompanied by an opinion of counsel of the assignee as to such matters as Administrative Agent or such Purchaser or related Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. 
  SECTION 13.4        No Waiver; Remedies  .  No failure on the part of Administrative Agent, any Liquidity Provider, any Enhancement Provider, any Affected Party, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any Indemnified Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise  
  
   71 

of any other right, power or remedy.  The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.  Without limiting the foregoing, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, BTMU, individually and as Administrative Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider, each Affected Party, and any of their Affiliates (the    Set-off Parties   ) are each hereby authorized by Servicer and Seller at any time and from time to time following the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement (without notice to Servicer, Seller or any other Person (any such notice being expressly waived by Servicer and Seller)), to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing to, any such Set-off Party to or for the credit to the account of Servicer or Seller, as applicable, against any and all obligations of Servicer or Seller, as applicable, now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, to any Set-off Party. 
  SECTION 13.5        Binding Effect; Survival  . 
  (a)        This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Seller, CHS, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent, and the provisions of   Section 4.2   and   Article XII   shall inure to the benefit of the Affected Parties and Indemnified Parties, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns. 
  (b)        Each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider and each other Affected Party are express third party beneficiaries hereof.  Subject to   clause (i)   of   Section B   of   Appendix A   hereto, this Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any other Person, other than the third party beneficiaries specified in this   Section 13.5(b)  . 
  (c)        This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date.  The rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made by Seller pursuant to   Article VI   and the indemnification and payment provisions of   Article XII   and   Sections 1.2(f)  ,   3.2  ,   3.3  ,   4.1  ,   4.2  ,   4.3  ,   11.8  ,   11.11  ,   13.4  ,   13.5  ,   13.6  ,   13.7  ,   13.8  ,   13.11  ,   13.12  ,   13.13  ,   13.15  ,   13.16   and   13.17   shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 13.6        Costs, Expenses and Taxes  .  In addition to its obligations under   Article XII  , Seller agrees to pay on demand: 
  (a)        All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of Administrative Agent, each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and each other Affected Party in connection with: 
  (i)        the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any amendment of or consent or waiver under any of the Transaction Documents (whether or not consummated), or the enforcement of, or any actual or reasonably claimed breach of, this Agreement  
  
   72 

or any of the other Transaction Documents, including reasonable accountants , auditors , Rating Agencies , consultants  and attorneys  fees and expenses to any of such Persons and the fees and charges of any independent accountants, auditors, Rating Agencies, consultants or other agents incurred in connection with any of the foregoing or in advising such Persons as to their respective rights and remedies under any of the Transaction Documents in connection with any of the foregoing; and 
  (ii)        the administration (including periodic auditing as provided for herein) of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, including all reasonable expenses and accountants , consultants  and attorneys  fees incurred in connection with the administration and maintenance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby; and 
  (b)        all stamp and other similar Taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 
  SECTION 13.7        No Proceedings  . 
  (a)        Seller, Servicer, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent each hereby agrees that it will not institute against any Conduit Purchaser, or join any other Person in instituting against any Conduit Purchaser, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event from the Closing Date until one year (or, if longer, any applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day following the last day on which all Commercial Paper Notes and other publicly or privately placed indebtedness for borrowed money of such Conduit Purchaser shall have been indefeasibly paid in full.  The foregoing shall not limit any such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such parties. 
  (b)        Servicer, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent each hereby agrees that it will not institute against Seller, or join any other Person in instituting against Seller, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event;   provided  ,   however  , that Administrative Agent, with the prior consent of the Required Purchasers, may, or shall at the direction of the Required Purchasers institute or join any other Person in instituting any such proceeding against Seller.  The foregoing shall not limit any such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such parties. 
  SECTION 13.8      Confidentiality  . 
  (a)        Each of Seller and Servicer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Program Information (as defined below), except that Program Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates  directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such  
  
   73 

disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Program Information and instructed to keep such Program Information confidential); (ii) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority; (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (iv) to any other party to this Agreement; (v) in connection with any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder; (vi) with the consent of the Purchaser Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (vii) to the extent such Program Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this   Section 13.8(a)   or (B) becomes available to Seller or Servicer on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof).  For the purposes of this Section,    Program Information    means (i) any information regarding the pricing terms contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) any information regarding the organization, business or operations of any Purchaser generally or the services performed by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser under the Transaction Documents or (iii) any information which is furnished by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent to Seller or Servicer and is designated by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent to such party in writing as confidential.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Program Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Program Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
  (b)        Availability of Confidential Information  .  This   Section 13.8   shall be inoperative as to such portions of the Program Information which are or become generally available to the public or such party on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Administrative Agent or were known to such party on a nonconfidential basis prior to its disclosure by Administrative Agent. 
  (c)        Legal Compulsion to Disclose  .  In the event that any party or anyone to whom such party or its representatives transmits the Program Information is requested or becomes legally compelled (by interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any of the Program Information, such party shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, provide Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent and CHS with prompt written notice so that Administrative Agent may at the expense of CHS seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or if it so chooses, agree that such party may disclose such Program Information pursuant to such request or legal compulsion.  In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or Administrative Agent waives compliance with the provisions of this   Section 13.8(c)  , such party will furnish only that portion of the Program Information which (in such party s good faith judgment) is legally required to be furnished and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Program Information. 
  (d)        Confidentiality of Administrative Agent and Purchasers  .  Each Affected Party and its successors and assigns agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as  
  
   74 

defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates  directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and be instructed and agree or be otherwise bound to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority, (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process,   provided  ,   however  , to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and if practical to do so under the circumstances, that the Person relying on this   clause (iii)   shall provide Seller with prompt notice of any such required disclosure so that Seller may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy, and in the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, such Person will furnish only that portion of the Information which is legally required, (iv) to any other Affected Party, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, (vii) to any prospective participant or assignee provided such person agrees to be bound by this   Section 13.8(d)  , (viii) with the consent of Seller, (ix) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or any Transaction Document or (2) becomes available to such Person on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Servicer or its Subsidiaries (and not in breach of this Section or any agreement contemplated by this Section) or (x) to any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as contemplated by Section 17g-5 of the Exchange Act or in connection with obtaining or monitoring a rating on any Commercial Paper Notes.  For the purposes of this Section,    Information    means all information received from Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate relating to Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate or their business, other than any such information that is available to such Person on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Servicer or any Affiliate.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
  SECTION 13.9        Captions and Cross References  .  The various captions (including the table of contents) in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. 
  SECTION 13.10        Integration  .  This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. 
  
   75 

SECTION 13.11        GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER IN THE POOL ASSETS OR RELATED ASSETS IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
  SECTION 13.12        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .  EACH PARTY HERETO  IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. 
  SECTION 13.13        CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES  .  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT: 
  (a)        IT IRREVOCABLY (i) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (ii) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (iii) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
  (b)        TO THE EXTENT THAT IT HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID TO EXECUTION, EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
  SECTION 13.14        Execution in Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile  
  
   76 

or by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 
  SECTION 13.15        No Recourse Against Other Parties  .  No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of Seller, Servicer or any of the other parties hereto contained in this Agreement shall be had against any stockholder, employee, officer, director, member, manager, incorporator or organizer of such party or any Affiliate thereof other than CHS in its capacities as a stockholder or member. 
  SECTION 13.16        Pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including in   Section 13.3  ), (i) each Committed Purchaser or any assignee or participant thereof or (ii) in the event that any Conduit Purchaser assigns any of its interest in, to and under the Asset Interest to any Liquidity Provider or Enhancement Provider, any such Person, may at any time pledge, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Asset Interest or under this Agreement to secure the obligations of such Person to a Federal Reserve Bank or otherwise to any other federal Governmental Authority or special purpose entity formed or sponsored by any such federal Governmental Authority, in each case without notice to or the consent of Seller or Servicer, but such pledge, grant or transfer shall not relieve any Person from its obligations hereunder. 
  SECTION 13.17        Pledge to a Collateral Trustee  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including in   Section 13.3  ), each Conduit Purchaser may at any time pledge, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Asset Interest or under this Agreement to its collateral agent or trustee under such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper note program, in each case without notice to or the consent of Seller or Servicer, but such pledge, grant or transfer shall not relieve any Person from its obligations (if any) hereunder. 
  SECTION 13.18        Severability  .  Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
  SECTION 13.19      No Party Deemed Drafter  .  CHS, Servicer, Seller, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent agree that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
  SECTION 13.20      PATRIOT Act  .  Each Purchaser Agent hereby notifies Seller and Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the    Patriot Act   ), one or more of the Affected Parties are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Seller and Servicer, which information includes the name and address of Seller and Servicer and other information that will allow the Affected Parties to identify Seller and Servicer in accordance with the Patriot Act.  Seller and Servicer shall, promptly following a request by any Affected Party, provide all documentation and other information that  
  
   77 

any Affected Party requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
  SECTION 13.21        Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In if EEA Financial Institutions  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any of the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
  (a)        the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
  (b)        the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
  (i)        a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
  (ii)        a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or 
  (iii)        the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
  [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

78 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
  CHS INC.  ,   individually and as initial Servicer          By:          Name:  Title:       
  COFINA FUNDING, LLC  , as Seller          By:          Name:      Title: 
  
   CHS/BTMU/Rabobank                Receivables Financing Agreement 

THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH  ,  as Administrative Agent          By:          Name:  Title:       
  VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION  ,   as a Conduit Purchaser     
  By:          Name:  Title:       
  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH  ,   as a Committed Purchaser     
  By:          Name:  Title:       
  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH  ,   as Purchaser Agent for the BTMU Purchaser Group     
  By:          Name:  Title:       
  
   CHS/BTMU/Rabobank                Receivables Financing Agreement 

NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION B.V.  ,  as a Conduit Purchaser     
  By:          Name:  Title:       
  CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A.  ,  as a Committed Purchaser     
  By:          Name:  Title:       
  CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH  ,  as Purchaser Agent for the Rabobank Purchaser Group     
  By:          Name:  Title: 

CHS/BTMU/Rabobank                Receivables Financing Agreement 

APPENDIX A        DEFINITIONS 
  This is   Appendix A   to the Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, among CHS INC., a Minnesota corporation, individually and as initial Servicer, COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller, the various CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party thereto, and THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent. 
  A.    Defined Terms. 
  As used in this Agreement, unless the context requires a different meaning, the following terms have the meanings indicated herein below: 
     Account Agreements    means each Seller Account Agreement and each Originator Account Agreement. 
     Account Banks    means BMO Harris Bank, N.A., Merchants Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  
     Account Debtor    means a Person obligated to make payments with respect to a Receivable, including any guarantor thereof. 
     Account Debtor Concentration Limit    means, at any time for any Account Debtor, the product of (i) such Account Debtor s Specified Concentration Percentage, and (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of the Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans at the time of determination. 
     Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount    means, at any time, the aggregate dollar amount (without duplication) by which each limitation set forth below is exceeded: 
  (i)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables of any Account Debtor cannot exceed the Account Debtor Concentration Limit for such Account Debtor; 
  (ii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are Governmental Authorities cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables; 
  (iii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are principally located in each of the following states (individually) cannot exceed 25% (in the case of the largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans), 15% (in the case of the second (2   nd   ) and third (3   rd   ) largest states in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables);  
  
   Appendix 1 

(iv)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are principally located in any state, other than the three largest states in terms of Unpaid Balances referenced in   clause (iii)   above, cannot exceed 10% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans;  
  (v)        Account Debtors that are domiciled in an Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdiction (other than Canada) cannot exceed 5% of aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables; and 
  (vi)        Account Debtors that are domiciled in Canada cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables. 
     Administrative Agent    is defined in the   preamble  . 
     Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage    means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) if the Loan Pool APR Percentage is equal to or higher than the Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage, zero and (b) at all other times, the Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage   minus   the Loan Pool APR Percentage. 
     Adverse Claim    means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and any filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists at the time of the filing); it being understood that any thereof in favor of, or assigned to, Administrative Agent shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. 
     Affected Party    means Administrative Agent, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider and each Program Administrator. 
     Affiliate    when used with respect to a Person means any other Person Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, such Person. 
     Agreement    is defined in the   preamble  . 
     Anti-Corruption Laws        means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to CHS, Seller, any Originator or their respective Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 
     Applicable Law    means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, order, injunction, writ, decree, judgment, award or similar item of or by a Governmental Authority or any interpretation, implementation or application thereof. 
     Asset    means any of, and    Assets    means all of, the Loans and the Receivables. 
  
   Appendix 2 

Asset Interest    is defined in   Section 1.2(c)  . 
     Asset Pool    means, collectively, the Loan Pool and the Receivables Pool. 
     Available Collections    means all Collections other than those Collections used by the Seller to purchase Assets under the Sale Agreement.  
     Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
     Bank Rate    for any day falling in a particular Yield Period with respect to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser Group means an interest rate per annum equal to the applicable LIBO Rate for such Yield Period. 
     Bankruptcy Code    means Title 11 of the United States Code. 
     Base Rate    means, with respect to any Purchaser, on any date, a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of: 
  (a)    the applicable Prime Rate for such date; 
  (b)    the Federal Funds Rate for such date,   plus   0.50%; and 
  (c)    the applicable LIBO Rate,   plus   1.00%. 
     Basel II    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     Basel III    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     Basel Accord    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     Basel Committee    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     BTMU    is defined in the   preamble  . 
     BTMU LIBO Rate    means for any Yield Period, (a) the interest rate   per     annum   designated by BTMU as  The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. LIBOR  as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Yield Period, having a term approximately equal to such Yield Period or (b) if a rate cannot be determined under   clause (a)  , the interest rate   per     annum   equal to the average (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) of the rates   per     annum   at which deposits in USD having a term approximately equal to such Yield Period are offered to the principal London office of BTMU by three prime banks in the London interbank  
  
   Appendix 3 

market, selected by BTMU in good faith, at about 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Yield Period;   provided  ,   however  , that in the event the applicable interest rate is not available for the term in question, the interest rate for such term will be determined by linear interpolation of the rates available for maturities next higher and next shorter than the relevant term. 
     BTMU Purchaser Group    means the Purchaser Group with Victory, as a Conduit Purchaser, BTMU, as Committed Purchaser and BTMU, as Purchaser Agent. 
     Business Day    means (a) any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in New York City are required or permitted to close and (b) if this definition of  Business Day  is utilized in connection with the LIBO Rate, dealings are carried out in the London interbank market. 
     Change of Control    means any of the following: (a) the failure of CHS to own, directly or indirectly (through one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries), at least 100% of the membership interests in Seller and CHS Capital, free and clear of any Adverse Claim and (b) with respect to CHS, (i) any merger or consolidation of such entity into another Person, (ii) any merger or consolidation to which such entity shall be a party resulting in the creation of another Person, (iii) any Person succeeding to the properties and assets of such entity substantially as a whole or (iv) the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, together with Affiliates thereof, who is not a voting member of CHS as of the Closing Date (or such later date as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 of the SEC under the Exchange Act) of in the aggregate more than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Interests of CHS.   
     CHS    is defined in the   preamble  . 
     CHS Capital    means CHS Capital, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company. 
     Closing Date    means July 22, 2016. 
     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
     Collateral    is defined in   Section 9.1  . 
     Collection Accounts    means the Seller Collection Accounts and the Originator Collection Accounts. 
     Collections    means, with respect to any Pool Asset, all funds which either (a) are received by Seller, any Originator, CHS, Servicer or any other Person from or on behalf of the related Account Debtors or Obligors in payment of any amounts owed (including purchase prices, finance charges, principal, interest and all other charges, recoveries and proceeds of Related Security) in respect of such Pool Asset, or applied to such other charges in respect of such Pool Asset, or applied to such amounts owed by such Account Debtors or Obligors, (b) are deemed to have been received by Seller  
  
   Appendix 4 

or any other Person as a Collection pursuant to   Section 3.2(a)   (it being understood that Collections shall not refer to the purchase price paid by any Purchaser to Seller for Purchases of the Pool Assets and Related Assets pursuant to   Section 1.1  ), (c) are paid or deemed paid by Seller as Repurchase Payments pursuant to   Section 3.2(b)  , or (d) constitute proceeds from the sale of such Pool Asset or any participation interest therein to the extent permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
     Commercial Loan    means a loan facility characterized as a  Commercial Loan  under the Credit and Collection Policy.   
     Commercial Paper Notes    means short-term promissory notes issued or to be issued by a Conduit Purchaser to fund its investments in accounts receivable or other financial assets. 
     Commitment    means, with respect to any Committed Purchaser, the maximum amount which such Committed Purchaser is obligated to pay hereunder on account of any Purchase, which amount is the amount set forth as its  Commitment  in the right column of   Exhibit C  . 
     Committed Purchaser    means each Person listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
     Concentration Account    means the account 2051415 maintained at the Account Bank in the name of the Seller. 
     Concentration Overage Amount (Loans)    means, at any time, the aggregate dollar amount (without duplication) by which each limitation set forth below is exceeded: 
  (i)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans of any Obligor cannot exceed the product of the  Obligor Concentration Percentage  set out in table below for such Obligor and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans; 
                 Obligor 
    Obligor Concentration Percentage 
      Obligor with the largest Unpaid Balance of Eligible Loans 
    4% 
      Obligor with the second largest Unpaid Balance of Eligible Loans 
    3% 
      Obligor with the third largest Unpaid Balance of Eligible Loans 
    3% 
      All other Obligors 
    2% 

(ii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are principally located in each of the following states (individually) cannot exceed 25% (in  
  
   Appendix 5 

the case of the largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables), 15% (in the case of the second (2   nd   ) and third (3   rd   ) largest states in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance for all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans);  
  (iii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are principally located in any state, other than the three largest states in terms of Unpaid Balances referenced in   clause (ii)   above, cannot exceed 10% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans; 
  (iv)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with an  A  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 2.5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans;  
  (v)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with an  A2  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 15% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans; 
  (vi)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with an  A3  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 2.5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Commercial Loans that are Eligible Loans;  
  (vii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are unsecured Producer Loans with an  A  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans; 
  (viii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are unsecured Producer Loans with a fixed rate of interest, an  A  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 0% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans;  
  (ix)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Junior Lien Producer Loans with a  A  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 30% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans; 
  (x)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Junior Lien Producer Loans with a  B  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans;  
  (xi)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a fixed interest rate cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans; 
  
   Appendix 6 

(xii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a fixed interest rate cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans; 
  (xiii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a  B  Risk Rating cannot exceed 30% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans; 
  (xiv)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a  A2  Risk Rating cannot exceed 30% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans; 
  (xv)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a  A3  Risk Rating cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans; 
  (xvi)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a  C  Risk Rating cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans;  
  (xvii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are Joint Ventures cannot exceed 10% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Loans; 
  (xviii)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans cannot exceed 50% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables; and 
  (xix)        the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are Governmental Authorities cannot exceed 5% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans; 
  provided   that a Joint Venture shall be treated for purposes of this definition as a single, separate Obligor. 
     Conduit Purchaser    means each commercial paper conduit listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
     Contractual Obligation    means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
     Control    when used with respect to any specified Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or activities of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or membership interests, by contract or otherwise, and the terms  Controlling  and  Controlled  have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
  
   Appendix 7 

CP Rate    means, for any period and with respect to any Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes of any Conduit Purchaser, the   per     annum   rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent for such Conduit Purchaser and which shall include commissions and fees of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Commercial Paper Notes maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any Liquidity Agreement) and any other costs and expenses associated with the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes) of or related to the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Purchaser or the applicable Purchaser Agent to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche (and which may be also allocated in part to the funding of other assets of such Conduit Purchaser) (determined in the case of Commercial Paper Notes issued on a discount by converting the discount to an interest equivalent rate   per     annum  );   provided   that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, Seller agrees that any amounts payable to the applicable Conduit Purchaser in respect of Yield for any Yield Period with respect to any Rate Tranche funded by such Conduit Purchaser at the CP Rate shall include an amount equal to the portion of the face amount of the outstanding Commercial Paper Notes issued by such Conduit Purchaser to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche that corresponds to the portion of the proceeds of such Commercial Paper Notes that was used to pay the interest component of maturing Commercial Paper Notes issued by such Conduit Purchaser to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche, to the extent that such Conduit Purchaser had not received payments of interest in respect of such interest component prior to the maturity date of such maturing Commercial Paper Notes (for purposes of the foregoing, the  interest component  of Commercial Paper Notes equals the excess of the face amount thereof over the net proceeds received by such Conduit Purchaser from the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes, except that if such Commercial Paper Notes are issued on an interest-bearing basis its  interest component  will equal the amount of interest accruing on such Commercial Paper Notes through maturity). 
     Credit and Collection Policy    means, as the context may require, those credit and collection policies and practices of Seller and Servicer in effect on the date hereof and described in   Exhibit A  , as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 
     Cumulative Loss Ratio    means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Monthly Loss Ratios for the twelve calendar months preceding such date of determination. 
     Cumulative Loss Ratio Factor    means, as of any date of determination, a percentage equal to the product of (a) the highest Cumulative Loss Ratio during the most recent twelve calendar months   multiplied by   (b) 5.0. 
     Custodian    means the Person acting as custodian under the Custodian Agreement, which shall be U.S. Bank National Association as of the Closing Date. 
     Custodian Agreement    means the Custodian Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Seller, Administrative Agent and Custodian. 
     Custodian File    means, with respect to any Loan, (i) the original executed Obligor Note and electronic copies of each loan agreement, security agreement, guaranty and letter of credit  
  
   Appendix 8 

executed in connection therewith or related thereto and (ii) acknowledgment copies of applicable UCC filings against the related Obligor with respect to such Loan.  
     Cut-Off Date    means the last day of each Settlement Period. 
     Days Sales Outstanding    means, on any date, the number of days equal to the product of (a) 30   and   (b) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of the Eligible Receivables as of the Cut-Off Date of the most recently ended Settlement Period   by   (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Eligible Receivables which were originated by any Originator during the most recently ended Settlement Period.    
     Debt    means, at any time, with respect to any Person, (a) all obligations for money borrowed or raised, all obligations (other than accounts payable and other similar items arising in the ordinary course of business) for the deferred payment of the purchase price of property, and all capital lease obligations or other obligations which, in each case, in accordance with GAAP, would be included in determining total liabilities as shown on the liability side of the balance sheet of such Person and (b) all guarantees (whether contingent or otherwise) of such Person guaranteeing the Debt of any other Person, whether directly or indirectly (other than endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business). 
     Debtor Relief Laws    means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States of America or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
     Deemed Collections    is defined in   Section 3.2(a)  . 
     Default Ratio (Loans)    means, for any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Defaulted Loans as of the last day of such Settlement Period, and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Loans as of the last day of such Settlement Period. 
     Default Ratio (Receivables)    means, for any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Defaulted Receivables as of the last day of such Settlement Period, and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of such Settlement Period. 
     Defaulted Loan    means a Pool Loan (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 90 days from the original due date thereof, (b) as to which any Obligor thereof is subject to an Insolvency Event or (c) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be or should have been written off as uncollectible. 
     Defaulted Receivable    means a Pool Receivable (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 60 days from the original invoice due date thereof, (b) as to  
  
   Appendix 9 

which any Account Debtor thereof is subject to an Insolvency Event or (c) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be or should have been written off as uncollectible. 
     Delinquent Loan    means a Pool Loan (that is not a Defaulted Loan) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 45 days from the original due date thereof. 
     Delinquent Receivable    means a Pool Receivable (that is not a Defaulted Receivable) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 31 days from the original invoice due date with respect thereto. 
     Dilution    means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Pool Receivable, an amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of the aggregate reduction effected in the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Receivable due to credits, rebates, refunds, disputes, setoff, netting, billing errors, sales or similar taxes, cash discounts, volume discounts, allowances, chargebacks, returned or repossessed goods, defective goods or services, sales and marketing discounts, warranties, any unapplied credit memos and other adjustments or reductions that are made in respect of the applicable Account Debtor;   provided  ,   however  , that writeoffs to the extent related to the financial or credit condition of an Account Debtor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor) shall not constitute Dilution. 
     Dilution Horizon Ratio    means 1.25. 
     Dilution Ratio    means, with respect to any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate amount of all Dilutions in respect of Pool Receivables which occurred during such Settlement Period and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate initial Unpaid Balance of all Receivables originated by any Originator during the Settlement Period immediately prior to such Settlement Period. 
     Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage    means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows: 
  DR x DHR 
  where  : 
           DR 
    =    the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Periods; and 
              DHR 
    =    the Dilution Horizon Ratio on such day. 
        Dilution Volatility Ratio    means, on any day, a percentage determined as follows: 
  (DS-DR) x (DS/DR) 
  
   Appendix 10 

where  : 
           DS 
    =    the highest average Dilution Ratio for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods; and 
              DR 
    =    the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Periods.  
        Dodd-Frank Act    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     Doubtful    means, with respect to any Loan, that such Loan has a Risk Rating of  Doubtful  in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
     Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage (Receivables)    means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows: 
  {(SF x DR) + DVR} x DHR 
  where  : 
            DR 
    =    the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Period; 
              DVR 
    =     the Dilution Volatility Ratio on such day; and 
              DHR 
    =     the Dilution Horizon Ratio on such day. 
        Dynamic Loss Reserve Percentage (Receivables)    means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows: 
  SF x LR x LHR 
  where  : 
            LR 
    =    the highest average of the Loss Ratio (Receivables) for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods; and 
              LHR 
    =    Loss Horizon Ratio on such day. 
        Dynamic Reserve Percentage (Loans)    means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) 12%, (ii) the Cumulative Loss Ratio Factor and (iii) the Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor. 
  
   Appendix 11 

EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in   clause (a)   of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
     Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdiction    means any of the countries set forth on   Schedule II  ; provided that the Required Purchasers may remove any country from   Schedule II   by providing written notice of such removal to the Seller and Servicer. 
     Eligible Assignee    means (i) Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates that are financial institutions, insurance company entities or manage a commercial paper conduit or similar entity, (ii) any Liquidity Provider, any Program Administrator or any Enhancement Provider, (iii) any commercial paper conduit or similar entity that is managed by Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent or any of their respective Affiliates and (iv) any financial or other institution that is acceptable to Administrative Agent and, solely with respect to this   clause (iv)   so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
     Eligible Loan    means, as of any date of determination, a Loan: 
  (a)        which is denominated and payable only in USD in the United States; 
  (b)        which is not a Syndicated CHS Loan; 
  (c)        which is not a Producer Loan with a  B  or  C  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months; 
  (d)        which is not an unsecured Producer Loan with a  B  or  C  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (e)        which is not a Junior Lien Producer Loan with a  C  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (f)        which is not a Junior Lien Commercial Loan with a  A2  or  A3  Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (g)        which is not an unsecured Commercial Loan with a  A2  or  A3  Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  
   Appendix 12 

(h)        which is not a Junior Lien Producer Loan with a  A  or  B  Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (i)        which is not a First Lien Producer Loan with a  B  or  C  Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (j)        which is not a First Lien Commercial Loan with a  A3  Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months; 
  (k)        which is not a Producer Loan with a  D  Risk Rating; 
  (l)        which is not a Commercial Loan with a  M4  Risk Rating; 
  (m)        the Obligor of which (A) is a resident of, or organized under the laws of, the United States of America     and     (B) is not a Sanctioned Person; 
  (n)        which is not a (A) Defaulted Loan or (B) Delinquent Loan on the date of acquisition by the Seller; 
  (o)        (A) the Obligor of which is Solvent and (B) no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to such Obligor; 
  (p)        which was originated in the ordinary course of business of the applicable Originator under Loan Documents substantially in the form as set forth as   Exhibit D  ; 
  (q)        which is currently owing under an Obligor Note, which Obligor Note and the related Loan Documents have been duly authorized and are in full force and effect and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with their respective terms; 
  (r)        which is not subject to any litigation, right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim, dispute or other defense of any Obligor; 
  (s)        which, together with the Loan Documents related thereto, constitutes an  account,  a  payment intangible,   chattel paper  or an  instrument  within the meaning of the UCC of all jurisdictions which govern the perfection of the applicable Originator s, Seller s and Administrative Agent s respective  interest therein; 
  (t)        in respect of which no material default exists and there is not then in effect any waiver by the applicable Originator, Servicer or Seller of any (A) material default with respect thereto or (B) any event or circumstance that would, with notice, the passage of time, or both, become a material default with respect thereto; 
  (u)        the Obligor of which has incurred the obligations relating to such Loan strictly for business purposes and not for personal, family or household purposes; 
  
   Appendix 13 

(v)        the Obligor of which is not an Affiliate of any Originator, Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor;   provided   that Joint Ventures shall be permitted so long as (A) such Obligor does not beneficially own or hold more than 50% of any class of voting securities or the equity interests in CHS and (B) more than 50% of any class of voting securities or the equity interests in such Obligor is not beneficially owned or held by CHS (provided that all Obligors which have Joint Ventures shall be treated as a single Obligor for purposes of the definition of  Concentration Overage Amount (Loans)  
  (w)        which, with respect to any Operating Loan, requires interest payments to be made not less frequently than monthly and the outstanding principal balance to be paid in full not later than the applicable due date or commitment termination date for such Operating Loan, but in no event later than fourteen (14) months from the closing date of such Operating Loan; 
  (x)        which, with respect to any Term Loan, requires principal payments (A) to be made not less frequently than in equal monthly installments sufficient to fully amortize the outstanding principal balance over the term of the Term Loan and (B) to be paid in full not later than the applicable due date for such Term Loan, but in no event longer than ten (10) years from the closing date of such Term Loan, and interest payments to be made not less frequently than monthly; 
  (y)        which, when added to the Pool Assets, does not result in the aggregate Weighted Average Life of the Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans to exceed one and a half (1.5) years; 
  (z)        the Obligor of which was not classified as Substandard, Doubtful or Loss in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy at the time of acquisition by the Seller; 
  (aa)        which is secured by a perfected, assignable, first priority security interest in the Related Security in favor of the applicable Originator (or, in the case of a Participation Loan, the agent for the related lender group on behalf of the lenders in such lender group), free and clear of all Adverse Claims prior to the acquisition by the Seller and the applicable Originator (or, in the case of a Participation Loan, the agent for the related lender group on behalf of the lenders in such lender group) has filed an  all assets  UCC-1 filing against each related Obligor; 
  (bb)        which has not been compromised, adjusted or similarly modified other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and as permitted by the Transaction Documents; 
  (cc)        which, together with the related Loan Documents, satisfies in all material respects     the applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy; 
  (dd)        which does not represent a refinancing by the applicable Originator of an existing Loan due to credit reasons or a restructured Loan due to credit reasons; 
  
   Appendix 14 

(ee)        the Custodian File with respect to such Loan shall have been delivered to the Custodian within two (2) Business Days following acquisition of such Loan by the Seller; 
  (ff)        which is not subordinated in any respect to any other Debt of the relevant Obligor; 
  (gg)        which is not subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or any other defense (including defenses arising out of violations of usury laws) of any Obligor, other than defenses arising out of applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights in general and general equity principles; 
  (hh)        the Obligor of which has been instructed  to make all payments directly to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account; 
  (ii)        in respect of which no security deposit or reserve paid or created by the related Obligor exists; 
  (jj)        no portion of the Unpaid Balance of such Loan represents any sales tax, value-added tax or other similar tax; 
  (kk)        which, together with the Loan Documents related thereto, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including laws, rules and regulations relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no party to the Loan Documents related thereto is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation in any respect; 
  (ll)        the Related Security of which is insured as required by the Credit and Collection Policy; 
  (mm)        the Unpaid Balance to Stressed Realizable Value for the related Obligor does not exceed 90%; 
  (nn)        with respect to which all material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the origination, transfer or pledge of such Loan have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect; 
  (oo)        which is prepayable at any time and, together with the related Loan Documents and Related Security, is fully assignable; 
  (pp)        with respect to which the Loan Documents are complete and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy; 
  (qq)        the Obligor of which has provided the Servicer with monthly financial statements in accordance with the Loan Documents within 35 days of each month end; 
  
   Appendix 15 

(rr)        as to which the applicable Originator has satisfied all obligations on its part with respect to such Loan required to be fulfilled pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents or in connection with the transfer and any applicable agreement pursuant to which such transfer occurs; 
  (ss)        as to which none of the applicable Originator, Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor has taken any action which would impair, or failed to take any action necessary to avoid impairing, the rights of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers therein, other than actions or failures to take action by the Servicer which are permitted under the Credit and Collection Policy and the Transaction Documents; 
  (tt)        which complies with the representations and warranties made with respect thereto by the applicable Originator in the Sale Agreement; 
  (uu)        the Unpaid Balance of which is less than the related Loan Commitment amount under the Loan Documents; 
  (vv)        for which the contract giving rise to such Loan is governed by the law of one of the States of the United States, the District of Columbia or any territory of the United States; 
  (ww)        for which the Seller has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of, such Loan free and clear of any Adverse Claim, and the Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in such Loan and a perfected security interest in the Related Security with respect to such Loan; 
  (xx)        in the case of any Participation Loan: 
  (i)        written notice of the transfer of such Participation Loan to the Seller has been delivered to the Obligor thereof and the agent of the related lender group and all other requirements under the related Loan Documents with respect to the transfer of such Participation Loan to the Seller have been satisfied; and 
  (ii)        no material amendment to or consent under any of the related Loan Documents can be made without the consent of the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf); 
  (yy)        that has been sold or contributed by a Originator to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement with respect to which sale or contribution all conditions precedent under the Sale Agreement have been met. 
     Eligible Receivable    means, as of any date of determination, a Receivable: 
  (a)        that is denominated and payable only in USD in the United States; 
  
   Appendix 16 

(b)        the related Account Debtor (i) (x) is a resident of, or organized under the laws of, the United States of America or (y) is domiciled in an Eligible Account Debtor Jurisdiction and (ii) is not a Sanctioned Person; 
  (c)        that is not (A) a Defaulted Receivable     or (B)     a Delinquent Receivable on the date of acquisition by the Seller; 
  (d)        (i) the Account Debtor of which is Solvent and (ii) no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to such Account Debtor; 
  (e)        (i) that has been generated by the applicable Originator in the United States of America     and in the ordinary course of its business, subject to a valid invoice or contract, from the bona fide sale of goods or services to an Account Debtor, (ii) all obligations of the applicable Originator in connection with such Receivable have been fully performed, (iii) no portion of such Receivable is in respect of any amount as to which the related Obligor is permitted to withhold payment until the occurrence of a specified event or conditions (including  guaranteed  or  conditional  sales or any performance by an Originator), (iv) which is not owed to any Originator or Seller as a bailee or consignee for another Person, and (v) which is not issued under cash-in-advance or cash-on-account terms date;   provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, no portion of any Receivable billed to any Account Debtor for which the related goods or services have not been delivered or performed by an Originator shall constitute an  Eligible Receivable  
  (f)        that, together with the related Receivable Documentation, is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding obligation of the related Account Debtor, enforceable in accordance with its terms; 
  (g)        which is not subject to any litigation, right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim, dispute or other defense of the related Account Debtor; 
  (h)        the Seller has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of, such Receivable and the Related Security free and clear of any Adverse Claim; 
  (i)        in respect of which no material default exists and there is not then in effect any waiver by the applicable Originator, Servicer or Seller of any (i) material default with respect thereto or (ii) any event or circumstance that would, with notice, the passage of time, or both, become a material default with respect thereto; 
  (j)        which constitutes an  account  or  payment intangible  within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC of all jurisdictions which govern the perfection of the applicable Originator s, Seller s and Administrative Agent s respective interest therein and is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper; 
  (k)        the Account Debtor of which has incurred the obligations relating to such Receivable strictly for business purposes and not for personal, family or household purposes; 
  
   Appendix 17 

(l)        the Account Debtor of which is not an Affiliate of any Originators, Seller, Servicer, CHS or Performance Guarantor; 
  (m)        no more than 35% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables of the related Account Debtor are Defaulted Receivables; 
  (n)        that has a remaining payment term that does not exceed 90 days from the date of the related invoice;   provided   that the Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the remaining tenor of which exceeds 90 days but does not exceed 180 days cannot exceed 15% of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables; 
  (o)        which has not been compromised, adjusted or similarly modified other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and as permitted by the Transaction Documents; 
  (p)        that, together with the related Receivable Documentation, satisfies in all material respects the applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy; 
  (q)        which represents part or all of the price of the sale of  merchandise,   insurance  or  services  within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act and which is an  eligible asset  as defined in Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company Act; 
  (r)        the related Account Debtor has been instructed to make payments on such Receivable only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account; 
  (s)        is not subordinated in any respect to any other Debt of the relevant Account Debtor; 
  (t)        in respect of which no security deposit or reserve paid or created by the related Account Debtor exists; 
  (u)        no portion of the Unpaid Balance of such Receivable represents any sales tax, value-added tax or other similar tax; 
  (v)        which does not constitute finance charges, service charges or similar charges (it being understood that only the portion of the Receivable so constituted shall not be eligible); 
  (w)        which, together with the related Receivable Documentation, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto  (including laws relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy); 
  (x)        for which the sale, pledge, contribution or assignment of such Receivable and the Related Security pursuant to this Agreement and the Sale Agreement does not (i)  
  
   Appendix 18 

violate or contravene any Applicable Law or the related Receivable Documentation, (ii) require notice thereof to the related Account Debtor or any consent therefrom (other than any such notices that have been provided or consents that have been obtained and are in effect) or (iii) require any notice thereof or any consent from any Governmental Authority that has not been provided or obtained; 
  (y)        that has not been previously sold, assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred by the applicable Originator to any other Person; 
  (z)        that has been sold or contributed by any Originator to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement with respect to which sale or contribution all conditions precedent under the Sale Agreement have been met; 
  (aa)        that is not a Receivable which arose as a result of the sale of consigned goods or finished goods that have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods or a sale in which Seller, any Originator, CHS, Performance Guarantor or Servicer acted as a bailee, consignee or agent of any other Person or otherwise not as principal or otherwise in respect of deferred or unearned revenues; 
  (bb)        that does not constitute a re-billed amount arising from a deduction taken by the related Account Debtor with respect to a previously arising Receivable; 
  (cc)        that (i) does not arise from a sale of accounts made as part of a sale of a business or constitute an assignment for the purpose of collection only, (ii) is not a transfer of a single account made in whole or partial satisfaction of a preexisting indebtedness or an assignment of a right to payment under a contract to an assignee that is also obligated to perform under the contract and (iii) is not a transfer of an interest in or an assignment of a claim under a policy of insurance; 
  (dd)        the Administrative Agent has a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in such Receivable and the Related Security, in either case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; and 
  (ee)        with respect to which all material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the origination, transfer or pledge of such Receivable have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect. 
     Enhancement Agreement    means any agreement between a Conduit Purchaser and any other Person(s), entered into to provide (directly or indirectly) credit enhancement to such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper facility. 
     Enhancement Provider    means any Person providing credit support to a Conduit Purchaser under an Enhancement Agreement, including pursuant to an unfunded commitment, or any similar entity with respect to any permitted assignee of such Conduit Purchaser. 
  
   Appendix 19 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute. 
     ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
     ERISA Event    means: (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (ii) a withdrawal by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA); (iii) a complete or partial withdrawal by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (iv) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (v) an event or condition which is reasonably expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (vi) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate; or (vii) a transaction by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate that is reasonably expected to be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
     Event of Default    is defined in   Section 10.1  . 
     Event of Repurchase    is defined in   Section 3.2(b)  . 
     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
     Excluded Taxes    means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to an Affected Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to an Affected Party: (i) any Taxes imposed on, or measured by, net income or gains and any franchise Taxes, branch Taxes or branch profits Taxes, but only to the extent such Taxes are imposed by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction (or political subdivision thereof) (a) under the laws of which such Affected Party is organized or incorporated or maintains a lending office (or branch), and (b) as a result of a present or former connection between such Affected Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Affected Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement, or sold or assigned an interest in this Agreement), (ii) any U.S. federal withholding Tax to the extent it is imposed on amounts payable to such Affected Party (I) when such Affected Party becomes a party to this  
  
   Appendix 20 

Agreement or (II) because such Affected Party designates a new lending office, except to the extent that such Affected Party was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive such additional amounts from Seller or Servicer, as applicable, pursuant to   Section 3.3  , (iii) Taxes attributable to such Affected Party s failure to comply with   Section 3.3(e)(vii)  , and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed under FATCA. 
     FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines    has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
     FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
     Federal Funds Rate    means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate   per     annum  , determined by Administrative Agent, equal (for each day during such period) to: 
  (a)    the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; or 
  (b)    if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the applicable Liquidity Provider or Purchaser Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
     Federal Reserve Bank    means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto or to the functions thereof. 
     Fee Letter    means the fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date, among Seller, CHS, Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents. 
     Final Payout Date    means the date following the Purchase Termination Date on which Total Investment shall have been reduced to zero and all other amounts then accrued or payable to any of the Affected Parties under the Transaction Documents shall have been paid in full in cash. 
     First Lien Commercial Loan    means a Commercial Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor. 
     First Lien Producer Loan    means a Producer Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor. 
     Foreign Affected Party    is defined in   Section 3.3(e)(vii)  . 
  
   Appendix 21 

Formation Date    means the date that Seller was originally formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
      Floor Reserve Percentage (Loans)    means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of the  Obligor Concentration Percentage  for the six (6) largest Obligors (including Affiliates) in the Loan Pool determined in accordance with clause (i) of the definition of  Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) . 
     GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as consistently applied.  If at any time Seller or Servicer notifies Administrative Agent that Seller or Servicer requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Administrative Agent notifies Seller or Servicer that the Purchasers request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP without giving effect to such change in GAAP or in the application thereof that is the subject of such notice until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 
     Governmental Authority    means any government, supranational or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, regulatory body, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, or any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of a government) which is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic. 
     Indemnified Amounts    is defined in   Section 12.1(a)  . 
     Indemnified Party    is defined in   Section 12.1(a)  . 
     Indemnified Taxes    means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
     Independent Manager    means a natural person who is a manager of Seller who (I) is not at the time of initial appointment, or at any time while serving as Independent Manager of Seller, and has not been at any time during the preceding five (5) years (a) a stockholder, member, director (with the exception of serving as an independent director of any Affiliates of Seller), manager (with the exception of serving as an independent manager of Seller or any of its Affiliates), officer, employee, partner, attorney or counsel of Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or CHS or any of their respective Affiliates; (b) a customer, supplier or other Person who derives any of its purchases or revenues from its activities with Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or CHS or any of their respective Affiliates; (c) a Person Controlling or under common Control with any such customer, supplier, stockholder, member, director, manager, officer, employee, partner, attorney, counsel or other Person described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   above; or (d) a member of the immediate family of any such customer, supplier, stockholder, member, director, manager, officer, employee, partner, attorney, counsel or other Person described in   clauses (a)  ,   (b)    
  
   Appendix 22 

or   (c)   above; and (II) (1) has prior experience as an independent manager or independent director for a company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent managers or independent directors thereof before such company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (2) has at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
     Information Package    is defined in   Section 3.1(a)  . 
     Insolvency Event    means, with respect to any Person, (i) a court or governmental agency having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or for any substantial part of its property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, (ii) an involuntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect is commenced against such Person and, unless such Person is Seller, an Obligor or an Account Debtor, such petition remains unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days, (iii) such Person shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or any substantial part of its property or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) such Person shall (A) fail to pay its debts generally as such debts become due, (B) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditor or (C) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or (v) such Person shall take any action to authorize any of the actions in furtherance of any of the aforesaid purposes. 
     Investment Company Act    means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
     Joint Venture    means an Obligor constituting a joint venture of an Originator and one or more unaffiliated entities where (i) such Originator has no more than 50% of the ownership or voting rights in or with respect to such joint venture, (ii) such Originator does not have the ability to directly or indirectly control such joint venture and (iii) the joint venture satisfies the definition of Eligible Loan and has been subject to the same underwriting and credit and collection policies as any other Obligor. 
     Junior Lien Commercial Loan    means a Commercial Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a lien and priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor and is not a First Lien Commercial Loan. 
     Legal Final Settlement Date    means the Settlement Date following the 138   th    complete month following the Liquidation Period. 
     LIBO Rate    means for any Yield Period (a) solely with respect to the BTMU Purchaser Group, the BTMU LIBO Rate, (b) with respect to any other Purchaser Group, the interest rate   per    
  
   Appendix 23 

annum   designated as the LIBO Rate by the applicable Purchaser Agent for a period of time comparable to such Yield Period that appears on the Reuters Screen LIBO Page as of 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) with respect to such Purchaser Agent or related Committed Purchaser on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Yield Period or (c) if a rate cannot be determined under either of the foregoing clauses, an annual rate equal to the average (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) of the rates   per     annum   at which deposits in USD with a duration comparable to such Yield Period in a principal amount substantially equal to the principal amount of the applicable Rate Tranche are offered to the principal London office of the applicable Purchaser Agent (or its related Committed Purchaser) by three London banks, selected by Administrative Agent in good faith, at about 11:00 a.m. London time on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Yield Period.  If the calculation of the LIBO Rate results in a LIBO Rate of less than zero (0), the LIBO Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0) for all purposes of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. 
     Liquidation Fee    means, for each Rate Tranche (or portion thereof) for each day in any Yield Period or Settlement Period (computed without regard to   clause (iii)   of the   proviso   of the definition of    Yield Period   ) during the Liquidation Period, the amount, if any, by which: 
  (a)    the additional Yield (calculated without taking into account any Liquidation Fee) which would have accrued on the reductions of such Purchaser s Tranche Investment effected pursuant to   Section 1.3(c)(ii)   or   (iii)   with respect to such Rate Tranche for such day during such Yield Period or Settlement Period (as so computed) if such reductions had not been made until the last day of such Yield Period or Settlement Period exceeds, 
  (b)    the income, if any, received for such day during such Yield Period or Settlement Period by the affected Purchaser from investing the proceeds of such reductions of such Purchaser s Tranche Investment. 
     Liquidation Period    means the period commencing on the date on which the conditions precedent to Purchases and Reinvestments set forth in   Section 5.2   are not satisfied (or expressly waived by each Purchaser) and Administrative Agent shall have notified Seller and Servicer that the Liquidation Period has commenced, and ending on the Final Payout Date. 
     Liquidity Advance    means a loan, advance, purchase or other similar action made by a Liquidity Provider pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement. 
     Liquidity Agreement    means any agreement entered into, directly or indirectly, in connection with or related to this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make loans or advances to, or purchase assets from, a Conduit Purchaser (directly or indirectly) in order to provide liquidity or other enhancement for such Conduit Purchaser s Commercial Paper Notes or other senior indebtedness. 
     Liquidity Provider    means BTMU or any of its Affiliates, Rabobank or any of its Affiliates or any other lender, credit enhancer or liquidity provider that is at any time party to a Liquidity Agreement or any successor or assign of such lender, credit enhancer or liquidity provider or any similar entity with respect to any permitted assignee of a Conduit Purchaser. 
  
   Appendix 24 

Loan    shall mean the indebtedness of any Obligor under or with respect to an Obligor Note, whether constituting an account, chattel paper, an instrument, a general intangible, payment intangible, promissory note or otherwise, and shall include (i) the right to payment of such indebtedness and any interest or finance charges and other obligations of such Obligor with respect thereto (including the principal amount of such indebtedness, periodic finance charges, late fees and returned check fees), (ii) all proceeds of, and payments or Collections on, under or in respect of any of the foregoing and (iii) all Related Security with respect thereto. 
     Loan Commitment    means, with respect to any Obligor, the maximum aggregate amount required to be advanced to the related Obligor under the terms of the related Loan Documents. 
     Loan Document    means, with respect to any Loan, the related Obligor Note and any related loan agreements, security agreements, mortgages, acknowledgements (if required), financing statements and other documents, instruments, certificates or assignments (including amendments or modifications thereof) executed by the Obligor thereof or by another Person on the Obligor s behalf or for the Obligor s benefit in respect of such Loan and related Obligor Note, including letters of credit, general or limited guaranties or other credit enhancement. 
     Loan Investment Base    means, at any time, the Net Loan Pool Balance   less   the Required Loan Reserves. 
     Loan Losses    means the Unpaid Balance of any Pool Loans that have been, or should have been, written-off as uncollectible by Servicer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy.  
     Loan Pool    means at any time, all then outstanding Loans sold or contributed, or purported to be sold or contributed, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement;   provided   that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all Loans described as an  Existing Loan  on Annex 3 to the Sale Agreement as of the Closing Date shall be deemed to have been sold or contributed by CHS Capital to the Seller on the Closing Date for purposes of the representations, warranties and indemnifications hereunder. 
     Loan Pool APR Percentage    means, at any time, an amount equal to the product of (a) the product of (i) the Weighted Average Interest Rate for the Eligible Loans     multiplied by   (ii) a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (x) the numerator of which is equal to the aggregate Unpaid Balances of all Eligible Loans and (y) the denominator of which is equal to the aggregate Loan Commitments of all Eligible Loans   multiplied by   (b) the Weighted Average Life (in years) for the Eligible Loans. 
     Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage    means, at any time, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the weighted average Yield Rate for the most recently ended Settlement Period   multiplied by   1.5   plus   (ii) the sum of the Program Fee Rate and the Servicing Fee Rate   multiplied by   (b) the Weighted Average Life (in years) of the Loan Pool. 
     Lockbox    means the lockboxes specified as such in   Exhibit B   hereto, each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of Originator. 
  
   Appendix 25 

Loss    means, with respect to any Loan, that such Loan has a Risk Rating of  Loss  in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
     Loss Horizon Ratio    means 3.75.  
     Loss Ratio (Loans)    means the highest average Default Ratio for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods. 
     Loss Ratio (Receivables)    means, as of any date of determination, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables that were 61-90 days past their original due date as of the end of the most recently ended Settlement Period   plus   (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables that were charged-off during the most recently ended Settlement Period that were 60 days or fewer days past their due date when charged off, to (b) the initial Unpaid Balance of all Receivables generated by all the Originators during the Settlement Period that is three (3) Settlement Periods prior to the most recently ended Settlement Period. 
     Loss Reserve Floor Percentage (Receivables)    means, at any time, an amount equal to the higher of 16% and the sum of the Specified Concentration Percentages for the six (6) largest Account Debtors with the highest Unpaid Balance of Eligible Receivables. 
     Material Adverse Change    means, with respect to any Person (or if no Person is specified, with respect to Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator) an event or circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate, results in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a material adverse change in: 
  (i)    the financial condition or results of operations of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
  (ii)    the ability of such Person to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
  (iii)    the status, existence, perfection, priority, enforceability or other rights and remedies of Administrative Agent associated with its interests in the Pool Assets or any material portion thereof; or 
  (iv)    (a) the validity or enforceability against such Person of any Transaction Document or any Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents to which it is a party or (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Pool Assets, including if such event or circumstance would increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to a material portion of the Pool Receivables. 
     Monthly Loss Ratio    means, as of any date of determination, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of Loan Losses during the most recently ended Settlement Period and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Pool Loans as of the Cut-Off Date of the most recently ended Settlement Period. 
  
   Appendix 26 

Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
     Multiemployer Plan    means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
     Net Loan Pool Balance    means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans at such time,   minus   (b) the Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) at such time. 
     Net Pool Balance    means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Net Loan Pool Balance at such time   plus   (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time. 
     Net Receivables Pool Balance    means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time,   minus   (b) the Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount at such time. 
     Nieuw Amsterdam    means Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V. 
     Obligations    means all obligations of Seller arising in connection with this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, including, all Indemnified Amounts, payments on account of Collections received or deemed to be received and fees. 
     Obligor    shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the Person or Persons directly or indirectly obligated to make payments with respect to such Loan, including any guarantor thereof. 
     Obligor Note    shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the promissory note, instrument or other writing entered into by the related Obligor in connection with or evidencing the indebtedness of the Obligor under such Loan. 
     Operating Loan    means any Loan used to finance working capital and current or seasonal assets (e.g., inventories and accounts receivable) with an original maturity date of fourteen (14) months or less. 
     Originator    means each Person from time to time party to the Sale Agreement as an originator.  As of the Closing Date, CHS and CHS Capital are the only Originators. 
     Originator Account Agreements    means each Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among CHS or CHS Capital, as applicable, an Account Bank and the Administrative Agent. 
     Originator Collection Accounts    means the accounts specified as such in   Exhibit B   hereto, each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of Originator. 
     Originator Specified Accounts    means the accounts specified as such in   Exhibit B   hereto, each of which shall be in the name of Originator. 
  
   Appendix 27 

Participant    is defined in   Section 13.3(b)  . 
     Participation Loan    means any advance by an Originator to an Obligor under a syndicated loan facility (a) that has closed (without regard to any contemporaneous or subsequent syndication of such advance) prior to such advance becoming a part of the Loan Pool and (b) pursuant to which such Originator acts as administrative agent of the related lender group. 
     Patriot Act    is defined in   Section 13.20  . 
     Payoff Letter    means that certain Payoff and Termination Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Seller, CHS, CHS Capital, Rabobank, Nieuw Amsterdam, Victory, BTMU and U.S. Bank National Association. 
     PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
     Pension Plan    means an  employee pension benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate or to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute or to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability. 
     Performance Guarantor    means CHS. 
     Performance Guaranty    means the Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by Performance Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent. 
     Person    means an individual, partnership, sole proprietorship, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 
     Pool Asset    means any of, and    Pool Assets    means all of, the Pool Receivables and the Pool Loans. 
     Pool Loan    means a Loan in the Loan Pool. 
     Pool Receivable    means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool. 
     Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor    means, with respect to any Obligor, the percentage appearing opposite such Obligor s applicable rating on the table below: 
  
   Appendix 28 

Prime Rate    means, with respect to any Purchaser Group, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the applicable Purchaser Agent, the related Committed Purchaser or their Affiliates as its  reference rate  or  prime rate , as applicable.  Such  reference rate  or  prime rate  is set by the applicable Purchaser Agent, the related Committed Purchaser or their Affiliates based upon various factors, including such Person s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer. 
     Producer Loan    means a Loan characterized as a  Producer Loan  under the Credit and Collection Policy. 
     Program Administration Agreement    means that certain administration agreement between a Conduit Purchaser and Program Administrator governing certain aspects of the administration of such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper facility or any other agreement having similar purposes, as in effect from time to time. 
     Program Administrator    means the administrator designated for a Conduit Purchaser under the Program Administration Agreement. 
     Program Fee    is defined in the Fee Letter. 
     Program Fee Rate    is defined in the Fee Letter. 
     Program Information    is defined in   Section 13.8(a)  . 
     Purchase    is defined in   Section 1.1  . 
     Purchase Price    is defined in   Section 1.1  . 
     Purchase Termination Date    means the earlier of (i) July 21, 2017, (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default and (iii) sixty (60) days following the date of receipt by each of the other parties to this Agreement of a written notice of termination provided by Seller. 
     Purchaser    means each Conduit Purchaser and Committed Purchaser, as applicable. 
     Purchaser Agent    means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a Purchaser Group and listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
  
   Appendix 29 

Purchaser Group    means, for each Conduit Purchaser, such Conduit Purchaser, its related Committed Purchaser and its related Purchaser Agent as set forth on   Exhibit C  . 
     Purchaser Group Commitment    means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Purchasers at such time in such Purchaser Group as set forth on   Exhibit C  . 
     Purchaser Group Investment    means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the Total Investment of all Purchasers at such time in such Purchaser Group. 
     Purchasers  Total Commitment    means, at any time, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Purchasers at such time as set forth on   Exhibit C  . 
     Purchaser s Tranche Investment    means, in relation to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser, the amount of the Purchasers  Total Investment allocated by such Purchaser s Purchaser Agent to such Rate Tranche pursuant to   Section 2.1  ;   provided   that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches shall equal the Total Investment. 
     Rabobank    means Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
     Ratable Share    means, at any time, for any Purchaser Group, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the Purchaser Group Commitment for such Purchaser Group at such time,   divided by   (b) the Purchasers  Total Commitment at such time. 
     Rate Tranche    means at any time a portion of the Asset Interest selected by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to   Section 2.1   and designated as a Rate Tranche solely for purposes of computing Yield. 
     Rating Agency    mean each of S P and Moody s (and/or each other rating agency then rating the Commercial Paper Notes of any Conduit Purchaser). 
     Receivable    means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Originator, Seller (as assignee of any Originator) or any other Person (as assignee of Seller) by an Account Debtor, whether constituting an account, instrument, document, contract right, general intangible, chattel paper or payment intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods or for services rendered, and includes the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto, together with the Related Security with respect thereto, and with respect to each of the foregoing, all Collections and proceeds thereof.  Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. 
     Receivable Documentation    means, for each Pool Receivable, the invoice therefor and any other agreement or documentation between the applicable Originator and the applicable Account Debtor giving rise to, and/or setting forth terms and conditions related to the creation and payment of, such Pool Receivable, including in each case any amendments. 
  
   Appendix 30 

Receivables Investment Base    means, at any time, the Net Receivables Pool Balance   less   the Required Receivable Reserves. 
     Receivables Pool    means at any time, all then outstanding Receivables sold or contributed, or purported to be sold or contributed, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
     Records    means all Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and other documents, instruments, books, records, purchase orders, agreements, reports and other information (including computer programs, tapes, disks, other information storage media, data processing software and related property and rights) prepared or maintained by any Originator, CHS, Servicer, or Seller, respectively, with respect to, or that evidence or relate to, the Pool Assets, the other Collateral or the Account Debtors or Obligors of such Pool Assets. 
     Regulatory Change    means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect or implementation of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;   provided   that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Specified Regulation shall be deemed to be a  Regulatory Change , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 
     Reinvestment    is defined in   Section 1.3(a)(ii)  . 
     Related Assets    means (a) all rights to, but not any obligations under, all Related Security with respect to the Pool Assets, (b) all Records (but excluding any obligations under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents), (c) all Collections in respect of, and other proceeds of, the Pool Assets or any other Related Security, (d) all rights and remedies of Seller or any Originator, as applicable, under the Sale Agreement, and the other Transaction Documents and any other rights or assets pledged, sold or otherwise transferred to Seller thereunder and (e) all the products and proceeds of any of the foregoing. 
     Related Security    means, with respect to any Asset: 
  (i)    all of Seller s or any Originator s, as applicable, interest in any goods (including returned goods) and documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), relating to any sale giving rise to such Asset; 
  (ii)    all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Asset; 
  (iii)    all security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Asset, whether pursuant to the Receivable Documentation related to such Receivable, the Loan Documents related to such Loan or otherwise, together with all financing statements describing any collateral securing such Asset; 
  
   Appendix 31 

(iv)    all tax refunds and the insurance policies, if any, relating to such Asset including the right to terminate such policies and to receive unearned premiums payable upon such termination, and rights to loss payments under such insurance policies; 
  (v)    the Receivable Documentation, the Loan Documents and all guaranties, letters of credit, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Asset whether pursuant to the Receivable Documentation related to such Receivable, the Loan Documents related to such Loan or otherwise; 
  (vi)    all of Seller s or any Originator s, as applicable, rights, interests and claims under the Transaction Documents, the Loan Documents and the Receivable Documentation with respect to such Asset; 
  (vii)    all books, records and other information (including computer programs, tapes, discs, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Asset and the related Account Debtor or Obligor; and 
  (viii)    All proceeds of, and payments or collections on, under or in respect of, any of the foregoing. 
     Reportable Event    means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived by the PBGC. 
     Reporting Date    is defined in   Section 3.1(a)  . 
     Repurchase Payments    means payments of the repurchase price for Pool Assets under   Section 3.2(b)  . 
     Required Loan Reserves    means, for any day, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (A) the Floor Reserve Percentage (Loans) at such time and (B) the Dynamic Reserve Percentage (Loans) at such time,   plus   (ii) the Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage   multiplied by   (b) the Net Loan Pool Balance at such time. 
     Required Purchasers    means, at any time, two or more Committed Purchasers whose Commitments at such time aggregate more than 66 2/3% of the Purchasers  Total Commitment at such time (or, if at such time, the Purchasers  Total Commitment is zero, two or more Committed Purchasers whose investments at such time aggregate more than 66 2/3% of the Total Investment at such time);   provided   that if at any time there is only one Committed Purchaser, Required Purchasers shall mean such Committed Purchaser. 
     Required Receivable Reserves    means, for any day, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (A) the sum of (1) the Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage (Receivables) at such time,   plus   (2) the Dynamic Loss Reserve Percentage (Receivables) at such time, and (B) the sum of (1) the Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage at such time,   plus   (2) the Loss Reserve Floor Percentage (Receivables) at such time, and (ii) the Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables)   multiplied by   (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time.  
  
   Appendix 32 

Required Reserves    means, for any day, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Required Receivable Reserves   plus   (b) the Required Loan Reserves. 
     Responsible Officer    means the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the general counsel, the president, the treasurer or an assistant treasurer of CHS, and any other officer, similar official or employee of CHS responsible for the administration of the obligations of CHS in respect of this Agreement, including any person referenced in   Schedule 13.2   of this Agreement with respect to Seller or the Servicer, or any replacement of such person. 
     Risk Rating     shall mean the score or classification, as determined for each Loan in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
     S P    means Standard   Poor s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
     Sale Agreement    means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Originators, as sellers, and Seller, as buyer. 
     Sanctions    means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
     Sanctioned Country    means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions. 
     Sanctioned Person    means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any such Person. 
     SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor governmental authority. 
     Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
     Security    is defined in Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 
     Seller    is defined in the   preamble  . 
     Seller Account Agreement    means that certain Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Seller, an Account Bank and the Administrative Agent. 
  
   Appendix 33 

Seller Collection Accounts    means the accounts specified as such in   Exhibit B   hereto, each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of Seller. 
     Servicer    is defined in   Section 8.1(a)  . 
     Servicer Termination Event    means the occurrence of (i) a Material Adverse Change after the date hereof with respect to Servicer, (ii) an Insolvency Event with respect to Servicer or (iii) an Event of Default. 
     Servicing Fee    means the fee for each Settlement Period equal, for each day of such Settlement Period to, the Servicing Fee Rate   multiplied by   the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Pool Assets as of the Cut-Off Date of such Settlement Period,   multiplied by   1/360, payable in arrears.  
     Servicing Fee Rate    means 0.25% per annum. 
     Settlement Date    means, with respect to any Settlement Period, the third (3   rd   ) Business Day following the Reporting Date for such Settlement Period;   provided   that the last Settlement Date shall be the last day of the last Settlement Period. 
     Settlement Period    means: 
  (a)    the period from the Closing Date to the end of the next calendar month thereafter; and 
  (b)    thereafter, each subsequent calendar month; 
  provided   that the last Settlement Period shall end on the Final Payout Date;   provided     further   that when used with respect to any period prior to the Closing Date,  Settlement Period  shall mean each calendar month. 
     Solvent    means, with respect to any Person and as of any particular date, (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the assets of such Person is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person s debts or liabilities are not beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged.  The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 
  
   Appendix 34 

Specified Concentration Percentage    means, with respect to any Account Debtor, the percentage appearing opposite such Account Debtor s applicable rating on the table below: 
                     Category 
    S P Short-Term Rating / Long-Term Rating 
    Moody s Short-Term Rating / Long-Term Rating 
    Specified Concentration Percentage 
      1 
    A-1 / A+ or higher 
    P-1 / A1 or higher 
    12% 
      2 
    A-2 / BBB  +   or higher 
    P-2 / Baa1 or higher 
    6% 
      3 
    A-3 / BBB  -   or higher 
    P-3 / Baa3 or higher 
    4% 
      4 
    Below A-3 / BBB- or Not Rated / Withdrawn 
    Below P-3 / Baa3 or Not Rated / Withdrawn 
    Largest 4%, 2   nd    and 3   rd    largest are 3%, and all others at 2% 

Each Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be computed as follows: 
  (i) if such Account Debtor has a long-term unsecured debt rating (A) from both Moody s and S P, such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be determined based on the lower of such long-term unsecured debt ratings or (B) from only one of Moody s or S P, such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be determined based upon the long-term unsecured debt rating that is one notch lower than the long-term unsecured debt rating that is maintained; 
  (ii) if such Account Debtor (A) does not have a long-term unsecured debt rating from either Moody s or S P and (B) has a short-term unsecured debt rating (I) from both Moody s and S P, such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be determined based on the lower of such short-term unsecured debt ratings or (II) from only one of Moody s or S P, such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be determined based upon the short-term unsecured debt rating that is one notch lower than the short-term unsecured debt rating that is maintained; 
  (iii) if the entity that is the parent of such Account Debtor explicitly guaranties such Account Debtor s obligations under the related Receivable Documentation, the applicable unsecured debt rating of such parent shall be used for purposes of calculating such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  and 
  (iv) if such Account Debtor has neither a short-term unsecured debt rating nor a long-term unsecured debt rating from either Moody s or S P, such Account Debtor s  Specified Concentration Percentage  shall be the lowest percentage set forth on the table above. 
     Specified Regulation    means (A) the final rule titled   Risk-Based Capital Guidelines; Capital Adequacy Guidelines; Capital Maintenance: Regulatory Capital; Impact of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs; and Other Related Issues  , adopted by the United States bank regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009 (the    FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines   ), (B) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or  
  
   Appendix 35 

issued in connection therewith (the    Dodd-Frank Act   ), (C) all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities relating to (i) the July 1988 paper or the June 2006 paper prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (   Basel Committee   ) as set out in the publication entitled:  International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework , as updated from time to time, or any rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives promulgated or issued in connection therewith by any bank regulatory agency (whether or not having the force of law) (   Basel II   ) or (ii) the paper prepared by the Basel Committee as set out in the publication entitled  Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , as updated from time to time, or any rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives promulgated or issued in connection therewith by any bank regulatory agency (whether or not having the force of law) (   Basel III    and together with Basel II, the    Basel Accord   ) and (D) any existing or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives from any Governmental Authority relating to Accounting Standards Codification 860-10-40-5(a), the FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines, the Dodd-Frank Act or the BASEL Accord (whether or not having the force of law) or any rules or regulations promulgated in connection therewith by any United Stated bank regulatory agency. 
     Stressed Realizable Value    means, with respect to any Loan, the value of all Related Security with respect thereto as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy using the Obligor s most recent monthly financial statements received by the Servicer. 
     Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, more than 50% of the total voting power of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled by that Person either directly or through one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or business entity other than a corporation, more than 50% of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled by that Person either directly or through one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. 
     Substandard    means, with respect to any Loan, one which has a Risk Rating of  adverse  and is classified as Doubtful or Loss in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
     Successor Notice    is defined in   Section 8.1(b)  . 
     Syndicated CHS Loan    means any advance by an Originator to an Obligor under a syndicated loan facility in which such Originator participates as a member of the lender group but is not the originating lender or facility or administrative agent. 
     Taxes    means all income, gross receipts, rental, franchise, excise, stamp, occupational, capital, value added, sales, use, ad valorem (real and personal), property (real and personal) and taxes, fees, levies, imposts, charges or withholdings of any nature whatsoever, together with any  
  
   Appendix 36 

assessments, penalties, fines, additions to tax and interest thereon, howsoever imposed, by any Governmental Authority or other taxing authority in the United States or by any foreign government, foreign governmental subdivision or other foreign or international taxing authority. 
     Term Loan    means any Loan which is not an Operating Loan used for the purpose of purchasing fixed assets, expansion, remodeling, or building working capital. 
     Total Investment    means, at any time with respect to the Asset Interest, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate of the amounts theretofore paid to Seller as the Purchase Price pursuant to   Section 1.1     less   (b) the aggregate amount of Collections theretofore received and actually distributed to the Purchasers, and not reinvested as a Reinvestment, on account of each Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Investment pursuant to   Section 1.3   (and not rescinded or otherwise returned or reinvested pursuant to   Section 1.3  ). 
     Tranche Investment    means in relation to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser the amount of such Purchaser s Investment allocated by the related Purchaser Agent to such Rate Tranche pursuant to   Section 2.1  ;   provided   that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches of all Purchasers shall equal Purchasers  Total Investment;   provided  ,   further  , that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches of any Purchaser shall equal the aggregate Investment of such Purchaser. 
     Transaction Documents    means this Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the Fee Letter, the Custodian Agreement, the Account Agreements, Seller s limited liability company agreement, the Payoff Letter, and all other documents, agreements and certificates to be executed and delivered in connection herewith or in connection with any of the foregoing as to which Seller, Servicer, CHS, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator or any of their Affiliates is a party. 
     Transaction Information    shall mean any information provided to any Rating Agency, in each case, to the extent related to such Rating Agency providing or proposing to provide a rating of any Commercial Paper Notes or monitoring such rating including, without limitation, information in connection with the Seller, any Originator, the Servicer or the Pool Assets. 
     UCC    means, in respect of each state in the United States of America, the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in such state. 
     Unmatured Event of Default    means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
     Unmatured Servicer Termination Event    means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would, unless cured or waived, become a Servicer Termination Event. 
     Unpaid Balance    of (i) any Receivable means, at any time, the sum of (a) the unpaid amount thereof,   plus   (b) the unpaid amount of all finance charges, interest payments and other amounts actually accrued thereon at such time, but excluding, in the case of   clause (b)   above, all late payment charges, delinquency charges, and extension or collection fees and (ii) any Loan means, at any time,  
  
   Appendix 37 

the outstanding principal balance thereof, excluding any accrued and outstanding finance charges and interest payments related thereto;   provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Unpaid Balance of each Participation Loan shall only include the outstanding principal balance owed to the applicable Originator under such Participation Loan and not the outstanding principal balance owed to any other lender under such Participation Loan. 
     Unpaid Balance to Stressed Realizable Value    means, with respect to any Obligor, the ratio of (i) the Obligor s combined Unpaid Balances to (ii) the related Stressed Realizable Value. 
     Unused Fee    is defined in the Fee Letter. 
     U.S. Person    is defined in   Section 3.3(e)(vi)  . 
     U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate    is defined in   Section 3.3(e)(vii)(3)  . 
     USD    means United States Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
     Victory    means Victory Receivables Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
     Volcker Rule    means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
     Voting Interest    shall mean membership or other ownership interests in CHS whose holders are entitled under ordinary circumstances to vote for the election of the directors of CHS or persons performing similar functions (irrespective of whether at the time membership or other ownership interests of any other class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reasoning of the happening of any contingency). 
     Weighted Average Life    means, for each Settlement Period (determined as of the last day of each calendar month), the sum, for the Pool Receivables or Pool Loans (calculated separately), of the amount determined in respect of each Receivable or Loan by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Unpaid Balance of such Receivable or Loan and the denominator of which is the Unpaid Balance of all Receivables or Loans (as applicable),   multiplied by   (ii) the remaining term to maturity of such Receivable or Loan, expressed in years. 
     Weighted Average Interest Rate    means, for each Settlement Period (determined as of the last day of each calendar month), the sum, for all Loans, of the amount determined in respect of each Loan by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Unpaid Balance of such Loan and the denominator of which is the Unpaid Balance of all Loans,   multiplied by   (ii) the applicable interest rate for such Loan. 
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
  
   Appendix 38 

Yield    means, for any day with respect to any Rate Tranche: 
                   {(PTI x YR)/360} + LF 
      where  : 

YR 
    = 
    the Yield Rate for such Rate Tranche; 
      PTI 
    = 
    Purchaser s Tranche Investment in such Rate Tranche on such day; and 
      LF 
    = 
    the Liquidation Fee, if any, for such day. 

Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables)    means, on any day, a percentage determined as follows: 
  ((YRxSF)+SFR + PR) x {( DSO)/360} 
  where  : 
           YR 
    =    the weighted average Yield Rate for the prior Settlement Period; 
              SFR 
    =    the Servicing Fee Rate; 
              PR 
    =    the Program Fee Rate; 
               DSO 
    =    the Days Sales Outstanding on such day. 
        Yield Period    means (x) with respect to any Rate Tranche that is funded or maintained other than through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes: 
  (a)    the period commencing on the date of the initial Purchase of the Asset Interest, the making of such Liquidity Advance or funding under such Enhancement Agreement or the creation of such Rate Tranche pursuant to   Section 2.1   (whichever is latest) and ending such number of days thereafter as the applicable Purchaser Agent shall select in its sole discretion; and 
  (b)    each period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Yield Period for the related Rate Tranche and ending such number of days thereafter as the applicable Purchaser Agent shall select in its sole discretion; 
  provided  , that: 
  (i)    any such Yield Period (other than a Yield Period consisting of one day) which would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day; 
  (ii)    in the case of Yield Periods of one day for any Rate Tranche, (A) the initial Yield Period shall be the date such Yield Period commences as described in   clause (a)   above; and (B) any subsequently occurring Yield Period which is one day shall, if the immediately preceding Yield  
  
   Appendix 39 

Period is more than one day, be the last day of such immediately preceding Yield Period, and if the immediately preceding Yield Period is one day, shall be the next day following such immediately preceding Yield Period; and 
  (iii)    in the case of any Yield Period for any Rate Tranche which commences before the Purchase Termination Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring after the Purchase Termination Date, such Yield Period shall end on the Purchase Termination Date and the duration of each such Yield Period which commences on or after the Purchase Termination Date for such Rate Tranche shall be of such duration as shall be selected by the applicable Purchaser Agent; and 
  (y)    with respect to any Rate Tranche that is funded or maintained through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes, each Settlement Period. 
     Yield Rate    means for any Rate Tranche on any day: 
  (a)    in the case of a Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the applicable CP Rate; and 
  (b)    in the case of a Rate Tranche not funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the applicable Bank Rate for such Rate Tranche; 
  provided  , that: 
  (i)    on any day as to any Rate Tranche which is not funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the Yield Rate shall equal the applicable Base Rate if (A) Administrative Agent does not receive notice or determine, by 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of the related Yield Period, that such Rate Tranche shall not be funded by Commercial Paper Notes or (B) Administrative Agent or Purchaser Agent determines that (I) funding that Rate Tranche on a basis consistent with pricing based on the applicable Bank Rate would violate any Applicable Law or (II) that deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund such Rate Tranche based on the applicable Bank Rate are not available; and 
  (ii)    on any day when any Event of Default shall have occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement or the Purchase Termination Date has occurred by virtue of   clause (b)   of the definition thereof, the applicable Yield Rate for each Rate Tranche means a rate   per     annum   equal to the higher of (A) the applicable Bank Rate,   plus   2.5%   per     annum   and (B) the applicable Prime Rate for such date. 
  B.    Other Interpretive Matters. 
  All accounting terms defined directly or by incorporation in this Agreement or the Sale Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein.  For purposes of this Agreement, the Sale Agreement and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; (b) terms defined in Article  
  
   Appendix 40 

9 of the UCC and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such Article; (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day; (d) the words  hereof,   herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document); (e) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (f) the term  including  means  including without limitation  (g) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law; (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated, extended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms; (i) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns; (j) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof; (k) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term  from  means  from and including , and the terms  to  and  until  each means  to but excluding  (l) if any calculation to be made hereunder refers to a Settlement Period (or any portion thereof) that would have occurred prior to the Closing Date, such reference shall be deemed to be a reference to a calendar month; (m) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender; and (n) the term  or  is not exclusive. 

Appendix 41 

SCHEDULE I        PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 
  With respect to BTMU: 
  Bank:            The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch  ABA #:          026-009-632  Account #:         ######### Account Name:      VRC  Customer Name:      Cofina Funding LLC     
  With respect to Rabobank: 
  Bank:              JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  Swift Address:      CHASUS33  ABA #:          021-000-021  Account #:         ##########  FAO:              Rabobank International, New York Branch  Reference:          Cofina Funding, LLC 
  With respect to Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V.: 
  Bank:              Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas  ABA #:          021-001-033  Account #:         ######## Account Name:      NYLTD Funds Control Account  Reference:          PORT RABO09.1 // NieuwAm // Cofina Funding LLC 

Schedule I-1 

SCHEDULE II 
  ELIGIBLE ACCOUNT DEBTOR JURISDICTIONS 
  Australia 
  Chile 
  China 
  Ecuador 
  Mexico 
  Nicaragua 
  Canada 

Schedule II 

SCHEDULE 13.2        ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
  If to Seller: 
  Cofina Funding, LLC 
  5500 Cenex Drive  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077  Attention:  Eric Born  Tel: 651-355-5479 
  Fax:  651-355-4917 
  Email: eric.born@chsinc.com 
  If to Servicer 
  CHS Inc. 
  5500 Cenex Drive  St. Paul, Minnesota 55077  Attention:  Brent Dickson  Tel: 651-355-5433 
  Fax: 800-232-3639 
  Email: brent.dickson@chsinc.com 
    
  If to The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch: 
  The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch  1221 Avenue of the Americas  New York, NY 10020      Attn:  Securitization Group   Tel:  212-782-6957  Fax:  212-782-6448  Email:  securitization_reporting@us.mufg.jp 
    
  If to Victory Receivables Corporation: 
  Victory Receivables Corporation      c/o Global Securitization Services, LLC   68 South Service Road, Suite 120   Melville, NY 11747   Attn:David V. DeAngelis  Tel:  631-930-7216  Fax:212-302-8767  Email:  ddeangelis@gssnyc.com 
  
   Schedule 13.2-1 

If to Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V.: 
  Prins Bernhardplein 200 
  1097 JB Amsterdam 
  The Netherlands 
  Attention: The Directors 
  Email: secuitisation@intertrustgroup.com 
  Facsimile No.: +31 ( 0)20 5214888 
    
  With a Copy to: 
  Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (New York Branch)       245 Park Avenue 
  New York, NY 10167   Attn:  NYSG  Tel:  212-8-08-6816  Fax:  (914) 304-9324  Email:  naconduit@rabobank.com 
  If to Co peratieve Rabobank U.A.: 
  Co peratieve Rabobank U.A.  
  Coreselaan 18 
  3521 CB Utrecht 
  The Netherlands 
  With a Copy to: 
  Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch      245 Park Avenue 
  New York, NY 10167   Attn:  NYSG  Tel:  212-8-08-6816  Fax:  (914) 304-9324  Email:  naconduit@rabobank.com 
  If to Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch: 
  
   Schedule 13.2-2 

Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch      245 Park Avenue 
  New York, NY 10167   Attn:  NYSG  Tel:  212-8-08-6816  Fax:  (914) 304-9324  Email:  naconduit@rabobank.com 

Schedule 13.2-3 

EXHIBIT A 
  CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 
  (attached) 

Exhibit A-1 

Exhibit B 
  Collection Accounts 
  1.   CHS Inc. Owned Accounts  : 
             
    Collection Account for Energy   CN A/R: 
       
  Bank:            Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.    
  Address:        420 Montgomery              
  San Francisco, CA  94104 
  Routing number:     121000248 
  Account name:     CHS Inc.   
  Account number:     ########## 

Lockboxes for Energy   CN A/R: 
       
  Lockbox Number:     5912 
  Lockbox Site Code:     SP 
  Address:        CHS 
  NW5912 
  PO Box 1450 
  Minneapolis, MN 55485-5912 
    
  Lockbox Number:     9087 
  Lockbox Site Code:     SP 
  Address:        CHS 
  NW9087 
  PO Box 1450 
  Minneapolis, MN 55485-9087 
    
  2.   CHS Capital, LLC Owned Accounts  : 
             
    Collection Account for CHS Capital, LLC Loans: 
       
  Bank:            Merchants Bank 
  Address:        102 E 3   rd    St, Winona, MN 55987 
  Routing number:     091900193 
  Account number:      ######### 
    
  3.   Cofina funding, LLC Owned Accounts: 
             
    Collection Account for Cofina Funding, LLC: 
     
   Exhibit B-1 

Bank:            BMO Harris Bank 
  Address:        320 E Lake St.  Minneapolis, MN 55408 
  Routing number:     071000288 
  Account number:     ######### 

Concentration Account 
       
  Bank:            BMO Harris Bank, N.A. 
  Address:        320 E Lake St.  Minneapolis, MN 55408 
  Routing number:     071000288 
  Account number:      ######### 

Exhibit B-2 

Exhibit C 
  Purchaser Groups     
                 Purchaser Group: 
  BTMU Purchaser Group 
  Conduit Purchaser: 
  Victory Receivables Corporation 
  Committed Purchaser: 
  The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi-UFJ, Ltd. 
  Purchaser Agent: 
  The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi-UFJ, Ltd. 
    Purchaser Group Commitment: 
  $475,000,000 
      Purchaser Group: 
  Rabobank Purchaser Group 
  Conduit Purchaser: 
  Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V. 
  Committed Purchaser: 
  Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
  Purchaser Agent: 
  Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 
    Purchaser Group Commitment: 
  $375,000,000 
        
    Purchasers  Total Commitment: 
  $850,000,000 

Exhibit C-1 

Exhibit D 
  Form of Loan Documents 
  See Attached 

Exhibit D-1 

Exhibit E     
  Form of Obligor Note 
  See Attached 

Exhibit E-1 

EXHIBIT 3.1(a) 
  FORM OF INFORMATION PACKAGE 
  See Attached 

Exhibit 3.1(a)-1 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 5
 ex-1042payoffandterminatio.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.42

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.42 
  EXECUTION VERSION 

PAYOFF AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT 
  THIS PAYOFF AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT  , dated as of July 22, 2016 (this    Payoff and Termination   ), is entered into by and among COFINA FUNDING, LLC (   Cofina   ), CHS INC. (   CHS   ), CHS CAPITAL, LLC (f/k/a Cofina Financial, LLC) (   CHS Capital   ), NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION B.V. (   Nieuw Amsterdam   ), CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. (   Rabobank   ), VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION (   Victory   ), THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH (   BTMU   ) and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (   USB   ), as trustee (in such capacity, the    Trustee   ) and as custodian (in such capacity, the    Custodian   ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Indenture (as defined below). 
  R E C I T A L S 
  WHEREAS  , the Cofina and the Trustee have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of December 23, 2010 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Base Indenture   ), as supplemented by the Series 2008-A Supplement, dated as of November 21, 2008 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    2008 Series Supplement   ), and as further supplemented by the Series 2010-A Supplement, dated as of December 23, 2010, (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    2010 Series Supplement   , and together with the Base Indenture and the 2008 Series Supplement, the    Indenture    
  WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, Cofina, Victory, BTMU and the other purchasers from time to time party thereto have entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2008 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time the    2008 NPA   ), pursuant to which BTMU, on behalf of Victory and the other purchasers, purchased Notes from Cofina;  
  WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, Cofina, Nieuw Amsterdam, Rabobank and the other purchasers from time to time party thereto have entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2010 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time the    2010 NPA    and together with the 2008 NPA, the    NPAs   ), pursuant to which Rabobank, on behalf of Nieuw Amsterdam and the other purchasers, purchased Notes from Cofina;  
  WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, Cofina, the Custodian and the Trustee have entered into that certain Custodian Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2005 (the    Custodian Agreement   ), pursuant to which USB agreed to act as Custodian; 
  WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, Cofina, the Trustee and CHS Capital have entered into that certain Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2005 (the    Servicing Agreement   ), pursuant to which CHS Capital agreed to act as Servicer; 
  WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, Cofina and CHS Capital have entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2005 (the    CHS Capital PSA   ), pursuant to which Cofina agreed to purchase Receivables from CHS Capital; 

WHEREAS  , in accordance with the Indenture, CHS and CHS Capital have entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2006 (the    CHS PSA    and, together with the CHS Capital PSA, the    PSAs   ) pursuant to which CHS Capital agreed to purchase Receivables from CHS; and 
  WHEREAS  , the parties hereto desire to terminate the Indenture, the NPAs, the Custodian Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the PSAs and certain related Transaction Documents as of the date hereof; 
  NOW, THEREFORE  , based upon the above recitals, the mutual premises and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
  SECTION 1.      TERMINATION  . 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, each of the parties hereto agrees that, upon the payment to (a) each of BTMU and Rabobank of an amount equal to the amounts specified on   Schedule I   hereto (the    Noteholder Payoff Amount   ), (b) the Custodian of an amount equal to the amount specified on   Schedule I   hereto (the    Custodian Payoff Amount   ), (c) the Trustee of an amount equal to the amount specified on   Schedule I   hereto (the    Trustee Payoff Amount   ) and (d) CHS Capital of an amount equal to the amount specified on   Schedule I   hereto (the    Servicer Payoff Amount    and, together with the Noteholder Payoff Amount, the Custodian Payoff Amount and the Trustee Payoff Amount, the    Payoff Amount   ) in each case, by 1:00 p.m. New York City time on July 22, 2016     (the    Payoff Time   ), such Payoff Amount representing the sum of all Issuer Obligations, Collateral Interests, if any, and other Indebtedness of Cofina (other than unmatured contingent indemnification obligations) then outstanding under the Indenture and all other Transaction Documents and payable to the parties identified on   Schedule I   (including Interest Payments, all Accrued Facility Costs, all Note Interest, all Additional Amounts (as defined in the NPAs) and interest thereon through July 22, 2016, all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of BTMU, Victory, Nieuw Amsterdam, Rabobank, the Custodian, the Trustee and CHS Capital, and other amounts due or to become due by Cofina to BTMU, Victory, Nieuw Amsterdam, Rabobank, the Custodian, the Trustee and CHS Capital, each Hedge Counterparty, each Affected Party (as defined in the NPAs), each Indemnified Party (as defined in the NPAs), the Interest Rate Hedge Providers, each Enhancement Providers and the Secured Parties under the Indenture and/or any other Transaction Documents), (i) the Indenture, the NPAs and all other Transaction Documents set forth on   Schedule II   hereto shall be terminated and of no further force and effect, except, in each case, for those provisions which survive by their terms (such as indemnifications, expense reimbursement provisions and non-petition covenants), (ii) the Trustee or its designee is hereby authorized to terminate any lockbox account control agreement or other account control agreement then in effect and (iii) all right, title, interest, security interest and liens held by the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders and any other Secured Party under the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents on the Trust Estate shall automatically and forever be released without any further action by Cofina (and Cofina or its designee is hereby authorized to file any UCC termination statement reflecting such release).  The parties hereto agree, at the cost and expense of Cofina, to execute and deliver all documents and agreements requested by Cofina to memorialize and give effect to such release, and that the Trustee and the Custodian will promptly deliver to Cofina or Cofina s designee all possessory collateral held by it. 
  
   2 

For the avoidance of doubt, upon payment of the Payoff Amount in accordance with this   Section 1  , the Indenture Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred. 
  SECTION 2.            RELEASES  . 
  Cofina hereby (a) absolutely, fully, unconditionally, and irrevocably, releases, relieves, absolves, acquits, and discharges, the Trustee, the Custodian and the Secured Parties and their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents and representatives as well as their respective successors and assigns (collectively the    Released Parties   ) from any and all claims, obligations, rights, actions causes of action, suits, judgments, damages, debts, settlements, liabilities and demands of whatever kind and nature, whether known or unknown, whether foreseen or unforeseen, which Cofina ever had, now has or hereafter can, shall or may have for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, which are based upon, arise under or are related to the Transaction Documents and (b) acknowledges that the Released Parties have no further obligations or liabilities to Cofina. 
  SECTION 3.            CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS  . 
  The effectiveness of this Payoff and Termination is subject to the receipt by the Trustee of (a) executed counterparts of this Payoff and Termination, which collectively shall have been duly executed on behalf of each of the parties hereto and acknowledged and agreed to by each of the parties hereto and (b) confirmation by the Noteholders, the Trustee, the Custodian and CHS Capital of the Payoff Amount by the Payoff Time in immediately available funds. 
  SECTION 4.            MISCELLANEOUS  . 
  (a)        This Payoff and Termination may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or .pdf delivered electronically), and by the different parties hereto on the same or separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original instrument but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
  (b)        The descriptive headings of the various sections of this Payoff and Termination are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 
  (c)        Whenever the context and construction so require, all words used in the singular number herein shall be deemed to have been used in the plural, and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine. 
  (d)        This Payoff and Termination represents the final agreement between the parties and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements among the parties.  There are no unwritten oral agreements among the parties. 
  (e)        THIS PAYOFF AND TERMINATION AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS PAYOFF AND TERMINATION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY  
  
   3 

CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
  (f)        Cofina hereby authorizes and directs USB to retain all Custodial Files (as defined in the Custodian Agreement) in its possession and to hold such Custodial Files in its capacity as Custodian pursuant to the terms of that certain Custodian Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, by and among Cofina, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd., New York Branch and the USB, as the Custodian. 
  (g)        Upon receipt of the Payoff Amounts, the parties hereto hereby authorize and direct the Trustee to remit any remaining amounts in the Spread Maintenance Account and the Collection Account to CHS Capital. 
  [Signature Pages Follow] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have caused this Payoff and Termination Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
                   
    COFINA FUNDING, LLC  , as Issuer 

By:         ___________________________ 
  Name: 
  Title: 

[Signatures Continue on the Following Page] 

[Signature Page to Cofina Payoff and Termination Agreement] 

NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION B.V.  , as a Conduit Purchaser 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

By:  ___________________________________ 
  Name:  Title: 

CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A.  , as a Committed Purchaser and Funding Agent 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

[Signatures Continue on the Following Page] 

[Signature Page to Cofina Payoff and Termination Agreement] 

VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION  , as a Conduit Purchaser 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH  ,     as a Committed Purchaser and Funding Agent 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

[Signature Page to Cofina Payoff and Termination Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , as Trustee  
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , as Custodian 
        
    By:  ___________________________________ Name:  Title: 

[Signature Page to Cofina Payoff and Termination Agreement] 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 
  CHS CAPITAL, LLC 

By:         
  Name: 
  Title: 

CHS INC. 

By:         
  Name: 
  Title: 

[Signature Page to Cofina Payoff and Termination Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I TO 
  PAYOFF AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT 

PAYOFF AMOUNTS 
  a. Noteholder Payoff Amount 

b. Custodian Payoff Amount 

c. Trustee Payoff Amount 
                 Party 
    Amount 
      U.S. Bank National Association 
    $0 

d. Servicer Payoff Amount 
                 Party 
    Amount 
      CHS Capital, LLC 
    $0 

SCHEDULE II TO 
  PAYOFF AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT 

TERMINATED DOCUMENTS 
  1. Indenture 
  2. 2008 NPA 
  3. 2010 NPA 
  4. CHS Capital PSA 
  5. CHS PSA 
  6. Custodian Agreement 
  7. Servicing Agreement 
  8. Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2005, by and among CHS Capital and CHS, as successor to Cenex Finance Association, Inc. 
  9. Series 2008-A Note in favor of BTMU, dated as of November 21, 2008 
  10. Series 2010-A Note in favor of Rabobank, dated as of December 23, 2010 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ex-21183116.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
                   SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 
      ACC Feed Supplement, LLC 
      
    South Dakota 

Ag Partners, LLC 
      
    Montana 

AgFarm Pty Ltd 
      
    Australia 

AgFarm Unit Trust 
      
    Australia 

Agri Point Ltd. 
      
    Republic of Cyprus 

Agro Distribution, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Agro Storage d.o.o, a subsidiary of Agri Point Ltd. 
      
    Bosnia 

Impact Risk Funding Inc., PCC, a subsidiary of CHS Insurance Services, LLC 
      
    Washington DC 

Ag States Reinsurance Co., IC, a subsidiary of Impact Risk Funding Inc. 
      
    Washington DC 

Agro Distribution, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Allied Agronomy, LLC 
      
    North Dakota 

Ardent Mills, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Ardent Mills Netherlands Holdings B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 

Ardent Mills S.a.r.l 
      
    Luxembourg 

Ardent Mills ULC 
      
    Canada 

Battle Creek/CHS, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Boort Grain Cooperative Ltd 
      
    Australia 

Bridgeland Agribusiness Solutions Limited Partnership 
      
    Canada 

Bridgeland Agribusiness Solutions General Partner, Ltd. 
      
    Canada 

Briggs Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    Indiana 

Broadbent Bulk Services Pty. Ltd 
      
    Australia 

Broadbent CHS Pty. Ltd. 
      
    Australia 

Broadbent Grain Pty. Ltd. 
      
    Australia 

CENEX AG, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 

CENEX Pipeline, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Central Montana Propane, LLC 
      
    Montana 

Central Plains Ag Services LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

CHS de Argentina, S.A. 
      
    Argentina 

CHS Agritrade d.o.o, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Bosnia 

SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 
      CHS Agri Intelligence LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Agro SA 
      
    Argentina 

CHS AGRONEGOCIO - Industria e Comercio Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 

CHS Big Sky, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

CHS Canada Cooperative 
      
    Alberta 

CHS Canada LP 
      
    Alberta 

CHS Canada, Inc. 
      
    Manitoba 

CHS Capital, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Capital Canada, Inc. 
      
    Canada 

CHS (Taiwan) Commodity Trading Co. Ltd 
      
    Taiwan 

CHS Country Operations Canada, Inc. 
      
    Alberta 

CHS Trading Company Australia Pty. Ltd. 
      
    Australia 

CHS Energy Canada, Inc. 
      
    Alberta 

CHS Hallock Canada, Inc 
      
    Manitoba 

CHS Hallock, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Hedging, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

CHS Holdings, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Inc. de Mexico 
      
    Mexico 

CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Switzerland 

CHSINC Iberica SL, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Spain 

CHS Latin America Holdings LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Luxembourg, S.a.r.l 
      
    Luxembourg 

CHS Milling Luxembourg, S.a.r.l. 
      
    Luxembourg 

CHS (Nantong) Cereal   Oil Storage and Transportation Co., Ltd 
      
    China 

CHS Tarim ve Gida Sanayii Limited Sirketi 
      
    Turkey 

CHS Ukraine, LLC, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Ukraine 

Omega Terminal, SA, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Switzerland 

Oregana Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Republic of Cyprus 

CHS Agromarket, LLC, a subsidiary of Oregana Co., Ltd. 
      
    Russian Federation 

Andali Operacoes Industriais S.A., a subsidiary of CHS do Brasil Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 

CHS Comercio Servicos E Solucoes Agricolas Ltda, a subsidiary of CHS do Brasil Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 

CHS Agritrade Bulgaria Ltd., a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Bulgaria 

SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 

CHS Agritrade Hungary Ltd., a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Hungary 

CHS Bermuda GP 
      
    Bermuda 

RosAgroInvest LLC, a subsidiary of Oregana Co., Ltd. 
      
    Russian Federation 

CHS Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Hong Kong 

CHS (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of CHS Hong Kong Ltd 
      
    China 

CHS Industries Ltd, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Israel 

CHS Israel Protein Foods Ltd, a subsidiary of CHS Industries Ltd. 
      
    Israel 

CHS Insurance Services, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS Italy S.r.l. 
      
    Italy 

CHS Korea, LLC 
      
    South Korea 

CHS McPherson Refinery, Inc. 
      
    Kansas 

CHS Pacific Private Limited, a subsidiary of CHS Industries Ltd. 
      
    Republic of Singapore 

CHS Serbia D.O.O. Novi Sad, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Serbia 

CHS Singapore Trading Company PTE. LTD. 
      
    Republic of Singapore 

CHS Spiritwood Fertilizer LLC 
      
    Delaware 

CHS South Sioux City, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 

CHS Uruguay SRL 
      
    Uruguay 

CHS-Brule, Inc 
      
    Nebraska 

CHS-CFE Co 
      
    Illinois 

CHS-Farmco, Inc. 
      
    Kansas 

CHS-GC, Inc. 
      
    Colorado 

CHS-LCC Co-op 
      
    Wisconsin 

CHS-Holdrege, Inc. 
      
    Nebraska 

CHS-M M, Inc. 
      
    Colorado 

CHS-New Salem 
      
    North Dakota 

CHS-Ostrander 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS-Rochester 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS-Shipman, Inc. 
      
    Illinois 

CHS-SLE Land, LLC 
      
    Louisiana 

CHS-Sub Sycamore, Co. 
      
    Illinois 

CHS-Sub Whatcom, Inc 
      
    Washington 

SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 
      CHS-Valley City 
      
    Minnesota 

CHS-Wallace County, Inc. 
      
    Kansas 

Circle Land Management, Inc. 
      
    Minnesota 

Cofina Funding, LLC, a subsidiary of CHS Capital, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

CHS Capital ProFund LLC, a subsidiary of CHS Capital, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

CoGrain 
      
    Washington 

Colorado Retail Ventures Services, LLC 
      
    Colorado 

Collins, MT Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    Montana 

Consumers Supply Distributing, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Cooperative Agronomy Services 
      
    South Dakota 

Cornerstone Ag, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Crestline Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    Ohio 

Cross Country Land Management LLC 
      
    Montana 

CZL Australia   Japan Pty Ltd 
      
    Australia 

CZL Ltd. 
      
    Japan 

Dakota Agronomy Partners, LLC 
      
    North Dakota 

Fin-Ag, Inc. 
      
    South Dakota 

Front Range Pipeline, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Genetic Marketing Group, LLC 
      
    Washington 

Global Agri LLC 
      
    Ukraine 

GTL Resources Limited 
      
    England 

GTL Resources Overseas Investments Limited 
      
    England 

GTL Resources USA, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 

Green Bay Terminal Corporation 
      
    Wisconsin 

Hamberg, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Hamberg, North Dakota Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

IC Grain 
      
    Hungary 

IGH Insurance Company, IC 
      
    Washington DC 

Illinois River Energy, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Imperial Valley Terminal, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Jayhawk Pipeline, LLC 
      
    Kansas 

Kaw Pipe Line Company 
      
    Kansas 

SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 

Lakaput Bulk Storage Ptd. Ltd 
      
    Australia 

Larson Cooperative TVCS 
      
    Wisconsin 

Latty Grain Ltd 
      
    Ohio 

Lewis-Clark Terminal, Inc. 
      
    Idaho 

Market Street Terminal, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Marshall Insurance Agency, Inc. 
      
    Minnesota 

Midwest Ag Supplements, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

M Ta rha z Rakta roza si e s Szolga ltato  Korla tolt Felelosse gu Ta rsasa g 
      
    Hungary 

Norick Risk Funding Concepts, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Northern Riverina Grains Pty. Ltd 
      
    Australia 

Northwest Iowa Agronomy, LLC 
      
    Iowa 

Osage Pipe Line Company, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Patriot Fuels Biodiesel, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Patriot Holdings, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Patriot Land Holdings, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Patriot Renewable Fuels, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

PGG/HSC Feed Company, LLC 
      
    Oregon 

PLC Insurance Agency, Inc. 
      
    Minnesota 

Prairie Lakes Grain Storage LP 
      
    Minnesota 

Producer Ag, LLC 
      
    Kansas 

Pro-Tect Insurance Agency, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Red Rock Cooperative Association 
      
    South Dakota 

Rockville Propane Terminal LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Russell Consulting Group, LLC 
      
    Nebraska 

CHS Agritrade Romania SRL, a subsidiary of CHS Europe S.a.r.l 
      
    Romania 

RV Broadbent   Sons Pty Ltd 
      
    Australia 

S.C. Silotrans S.R.L. 
      
    Romania 

S.C. Transporter S.R.L., a subsidiary of S.C. Silotrans S.R.L. 
      
    Romania 

S.C. Nutron S.R.L. 
      
    Romania 

Serseris Ltd 
      
    India 

Serseris Holdings Ltd 
      
    Cyprus 

SUBSIDIARY 
      
    JURISDICTION OF 
  INCORPORATION/ 
  ORGANIZATION 
      Shel-Bar 2000 GP 
      
    Israel 

Shipman Bio Investment, LLC 
      
    Illinois 

Sinav Limited 
      
    England 

Sitio 0 de Quequen S.A. 
      
    Argentina 

Solbar Energy Ltd 
      
    Israel 

Solbar Europe BV 
      
    The Netherlands 

CHS de Paraguay SRL, a subsidiary of CHS Singapore Trading Company PTE. LTD. 
      
    Paraguay 

Southwest Crop Nutrients, LLC 
      
    Kansas 

S.P.E. CHS Plant Extracts Ltd.  
      
    Israel 

St. Hilaire Ag Insurance, Inc. 
      
    Minnesota 

St. Paul Maritime Corporation 
      
    Minnesota 

Superior East LLC 
      
    Nebraska 

Superior East II LLC 
      
    Nebraska 

TEMCO, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Terminal Corredor Norte SA 
      
    Brazil 

United Country Brands LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Agriliance LLC, a subsidiary of United Country Brands LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Ventura Foods, LLC 
      
    Delaware 

Wagner Gas   Electric, Inc. 
      
    Wisconsin 

Watertown Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    South Dakota 

West Central Distribution, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Western Feed, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Western Kansas Liquid Fertilizer Terminal 
      
    Kansas 

Whitesville Crop Nutrients LLC 
      
    Indiana 

X-Seed, LLC 
      
    Minnesota 

Zeeland Lumber Holdings, LLC 
      
    Michigan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 ex-23183116.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.1  
    
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
    
  We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-154819, 333-177326, and 333-212440) and Form S-3 (333-196918) of CHS Inc. of our report dated   November 3, 2016   relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appear in this Form 10-K. 
    
               /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
      Minneapolis, Minnesota 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 8
 ex-24183116.htm
 EXHIBIT 24.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 24.1  
  POWER OF ATTORNEY 
    
  KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Carl M. Casale and Timothy Skidmore, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign a Form 10-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of CHS Inc. and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or the substitutes for such attorneys-in-fact and agents, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ex-31183116.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Carl M. Casale, certify that: 
            2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Carl M. Casale 
        
    Carl M. Casale 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ex-31283116.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Timothy Skidmore, certify that: 
            2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Timothy Skidmore 
        
    Timothy Skidmore 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex-32183116.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CHS Inc. (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended   August 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Carl M. Casale, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Carl M. Casale 
        
    Carl M. Casale 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    November 3, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex-32283116.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CHS Inc. (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended   August 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Timothy Skidmore, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Timothy Skidmore 
        
    Timothy Skidmore 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    November 3, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 chscp-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 chscp-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 chscp-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 chscp-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 chscp-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 chscp-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

