<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1062292_0001062292-16-000092_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2333873</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83889</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>128352</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1056417</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>625481</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>352894</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062292-16-000092.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102174402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062292-16-000092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XO GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001062292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		IRS NUMBER:				133895178
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35217
		FILM NUMBER:		161969232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 BROADWAY 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122198555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 BROADWAY, 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KNOT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062292-16-000092.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 xoxo2016093010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________  
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  ______________________ 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

Commission File Number 001-35217 
  ____________________________    
  XO GROUP INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
                 Delaware 
    13-3895178 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

195 Broadway, 25th Floor 
  New York, New York 10007 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
  (212) 219-8555 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).Yes       No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                 Large Accelerated Filer   o 
    Accelerated Filer   x 
      Non-Accelerated Filer   o 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller Reporting Company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes   o   No     
    
  As of   November 1, 2016  , there were   26,459,858   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.   

Table of Contents            

XO GROUP INC. 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I      FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      Item 1.       Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
      
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    1 
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    2 
      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    3 
      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    4 
      Item 2.       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    9 
      Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    20 
      Item 4.       Controls and Procedures 
    20 
       PART II     OTHER INFORMATION 
      Item 1.       Legal Proceedings 
    21 
      Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
    21 
      Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    21 
      Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    21 
      Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures 
    21 
      Item 5.       Other Information 
    21 
      Item 6.       Exhibits 
    21 
      SIGNATURES 
    23 

i 

Table of Contents            

SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This report contains forward-looking statements relating to future events and the future performance of XO Group Inc. based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about us and our industry. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   should,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   are positioned to,   continue,   project,   guidance,   target,   forecast,   anticipated  or comparable terms. 
    
  These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, as more fully described in Item 1A (Risk Factors) in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") on   March 4, 2016  , and Part II of this report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 
    
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
    
  XO Group s corporate website is located at   www.xogroupinc.com.   XO Group makes available free of charge, on or through our corporate website, our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with, or furnishing to, the SEC. Information contained on XO Group s corporate website is not part of this report or any other report filed with the SEC.  
    
  Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this report to the terms  XO Group,   we,   our  and  us  refer to XO Group Inc., its divisions and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

Table of Contents            

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

XO GROUP INC.   
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In Thousands, Except for Share and Per Share Data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   1 

Table of Contents            

XO GROUP INC.   
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In Thousands, Except for Per Share Data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   2 

Table of Contents            

XO GROUP INC. 
    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In Thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1. Organization and Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of XO Group Inc. ( XO Group  or the  Company ) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations. The Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The financial statements contained herein should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  In the opinion of the Company's management, the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contain all normal and recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and changes in cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the entire calendar year. Certain prior-period financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance requiring equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through net income and eliminating the cost method for equity securities without readily determinable fair values. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, FASB issued guidance on operating leases requiring a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, on its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally straight-line basis. The guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued guidance on employee share-based payment accounting requiring all tax effects related to share-based payments at settlement or expiration to be recorded through the income statement and be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows. Further, under the new guidance, entities are permitted to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards; whereas forfeitures can be estimated, as required today, or recognized when they occur. The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued guidance on equity method accounting eliminating the requirement to restate historical financial statements, as if the equity method had been used during all previous periods, when an existing cost method investment qualifies for use of the equity method. Under the new guidance, at the point an investment qualifies for the equity method, any unrealized gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss may be recognized through earnings. The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued guidance on revenue from contracts with customers that 1) clarifies how to implement revenue recognition guidance related to determining whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction and 2) provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods and services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods and services, and expands on related disclosures. The guidance is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The guidance may be applied using one of two methods: retrospective application to each prior reporting period presented, or retrospective application with the cumulative effect of initially applying  
  
   4 

     Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
    
  1. Organization and Basis of Presentation - (continued) 

the update recognized at the date of initial application. The Company has not yet determined its adoption method and is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

2. Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents and investments consist of the following: 

The inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value are classified into the following categories: 
  Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
  Level 2   Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable 
  Level 3   Inputs that are unobservable (for example, cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s cash and cash equivalents of   $100.1 million  , short-term investments of   $1.3 million  , and long-term restricted cash of   $1.2 million  , were measured at fair value using Level 1 inputs. The short-term investments amount is included in  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , there were   no   transfers in or out of the Company s Level 1 assets. 
    
  Long-term restricted cash consists of a   $1.2 million   letter of credit collateralized by U.S. Treasury bills that are restricted as to withdrawal or use under terms of the Company s New York office lease. Pursuant to the terms of the lease, in the three months ended September 30, 2016, the restricted cash decreased by   $1.4 million   as this portion of the restriction expired on the fourth anniversary (September 2016) of the lease commencement date. 

6 

Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

3. Acquisition 
    
    On September 7, 2016 the Company acquired How He Asked LLC, a digital and social media brand for pre-engaged couples, in exchange for consideration of   $1.5 million  , of which approximately   $1.4 million   was paid in cash during the quarter. The remaining approximate   $0.1 million   was retained by the Company as a holdback and accrued as a liability to settle indemnification claims made by the Company and its affiliates, should such claims arise. The holdback period is 12 months, and the balance of the accrual will be released to the seller in September 2017.  A portion of the purchase price was allocated to a trade name in the amount of   $0.2 million   based upon its fair value assessed as of the acquisition date. The trade name value is included in  Intangible Assets, net  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired, of approximately   $1.3 million  , was allocated to goodwill and is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. 

4. Stockholders  Equity 
    
  Stock Repurchases 
    
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased and retired shares totaling   $1.1 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company repurchased and retired shares totaling   $8.8 million  .   No   shares were repurchased during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $27.0 million   is remaining under the Company s authorized stock repurchase programs.     

Stock Vestings 
    
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , a total number of   63,684   and   406,723   shares of restricted common stock vested, respectively.  
    
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , a total number of   76,800   and   468,350   shares of restricted common stock vested, respectively.  

Earnings per Share 
    
  The calculation of diluted earnings per share excludes a weighted average number of stock options and restricted stock of   665,105   and   4,713  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   593,202   and   11,325  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , because to include them would be antidilutive.  
    
  The calculation of diluted earnings per share excludes a weighted average number of stock options and restricted stock of   236,195   and   16,543   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , because to include them would be antidilutive. Stock options and restricted stock of   208,670   and   24,644   were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   because to include them would be antidilutive. 
    
  The weighted average number of shares issued in connection with the employee stock purchase plan was immaterial in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  The Company has certain obligations relating principally to operating leases and a letter of credit (Note 2).  As of    September 30, 2016  , the Company also has commitments related to various contracts. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was engaged in certain legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business and believes that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

6. Income Taxes 
    
  The Company had an effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   of   37.5%   and   31.0%  , respectively, compared to   37.5%   and   39.3%  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The lower effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily a result of the reversal of a tax liability resulting from the resolution of an uncertain tax position associated with a former subsidiary as well as a one-time benefit associated with a foreign tax incentive deduction.  
    
  The Company adopted accounting guidance requiring presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as non-current in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and offsetting deferred tax liabilities and assets. The Company early adopted this guidance on a prospective basis as of December 31, 2015. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  
  XO GROUP INC.   
    
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements relating to future events and the future performance of XO Group based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about us and our industry. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, as more fully described in this section, elsewhere in this report, and Item 1A in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

Executive Overview 
    
  XO Group offers consumer multiplatform media services to the wedding, pregnancy and parenting, and nesting markets. We reach our audience through several platforms, including online properties, mobile applications, magazines and books, and television and video. We create value for our consumers, advertisers, and partners by delivering relevant and personalized solutions at key decision making moments for some of life s proudest and happiest events. We generate revenue through three distinct and diversified product categories: online advertising, transactions, and publishing. 
    
  Our mission is to help people navigate and enjoy life's biggest moments, together. Our family of multi-platform brands guide people through transformative lifestages, from getting married to moving in together and having a baby. Our brands include The Knot, the number one wedding planning resource and marketplace, The Bump, the definitive voice for millennial parents and parents-to-be, and The Nest, the go-to guide for all things home for new couples. 

Third Quarter 2016 Summary 

Total company revenue growth was   6%   year over year. 
                
    In line with our business strategy, we grew revenue from transactions by   48%   year over year to   19%   of revenue. 
                
    Local online revenue growth, which was impacted by sales productivity issues encountered early in the year, grew at   4%  . 
                
    Deal flow in our national online business impacted our year over year growth as revenue grew just   3%  . 
                
    Publishing and other revenue declined   25%   as we continue to reduce our dependence on print revenue. 
                
    Investments to support our double digit revenue growth target contributed to a   14%   increase in operating expenses. 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA margin   (a)    was   18%  , slightly below our target of 20%. 
                
    Our cash position remained strong at   $100.1 million  . 
                
    We continued to execute our capital allocation strategy through investments in our business, the   $1.5 million   acquisition of How He Asked LLC as well as through stock repurchases of   $1.1 million  . 
       
  (a) For computation of metrics see   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section of Management's Discussion and Analysis. 
    
  Performance Indicators 
    
  We evaluate our operating and financial performance using various performance indicators. Our management relies on the key performance indicators set forth below to help us evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and assess operational efficiencies. We discuss revenue and gross margin under Results of Operations, and cash flow results under Liquidity and Capital Resources. Other measures of our performance, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and free cash flow are defined and discussed under Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 

9 

     Table of Contents            

(a) For computation of metrics see   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section of Management's Discussion and Analysis. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table summarizes results of operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  : 

Net Revenue 
    
  Net revenue increased   5.8%   to   $36.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $34.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The following table sets forth revenue by category for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , the percentage increase or decrease between those periods, and the percentage of total net revenue that each category represented for those periods: 

10 

     Table of Contents            

Online advertising     Revenue from total online advertising increased by   3.7%  . 
    
  Revenue from national online advertising increased just   3.0%   due to the timing of deal flow. The increase was primarily driven by demand on both The Nest and The Bump brands. 
    
  Local online advertising revenue increased by   4.1%  , primarily driven by revenue from GigMasters.com Incorporated ( GigMasters ), which we acquired in October 2015. Offsetting this increase was the trailing revenue impact of declines in sales on The Knot due to sales productivity issues encountered early in the year. On a trailing twelve month basis,   TheKnot.com   ended the third quarter of 2016 with   23,959   paying vendors (down   0.7%   from prior year), with an average spend of $  2,738   per year (up   6.0%   from prior year).  
    
  Transactions     Revenue from transactions increased   47.7%  . This increase is primarily driven by increased traffic and improved conversion for our transactional partners resulting from product enhancements, as well as the addition of GigMasters to our transaction portfolio. 
    
  Publishing and other     Revenue from publishing and other decreased   24.8%  , primarily driven by a decrease in advertising revenue related to lower demand for print and the absence of   The Bump   print magazine, a publication we discontinued in December 2015.  
    
  Gross Profit/Gross Margin 
    
  The following table presents the components of gross profit and gross margin for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  : 

Gross profit improved   $2.3 million  , with gross margin improving to   95.1%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   94.1%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in the total gross margin was primarily driven by the increase in our higher margin transactions revenue in the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Operating Expenses 

11 

     Table of Contents            

Our operating expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   14.4%   year over year.  The following table presents the components of operating expenses and the percentage of revenue that each component represented for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  : 

Product and Content Development     The increase of   18.5%   was primarily driven by an increase in employee headcount and increased consultants expense to support the Company s growth and marketplace initiatives.  
    
  Sales and Marketing     The increase of   22.7%   was primarily driven by an increase in employee headcount and increased acquisition marketing costs to support the Company s growth. 
    
  General and Administrative          The decrease of   7.6%   was primarily driven by lower bad debt as a result of improvements in our collections process. Excluding bad debt, general and administrative expenses slightly increased. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization     The increase of   16.1%   was primarily     attributable to capitalized software projects being placed into service, in addition to increased amortization expense on intangible assets  resulting from the acquisition of GigMasters in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  We had an income tax expense of   $1.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to an income tax expense of   $1.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate was   37.5%   for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015 
    
  The following table summarizes results of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  :  

12 

     Table of Contents            

Net Revenue 
    
  Net revenue increased   7.4%   to   $111.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $103.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The following table sets forth revenue by category for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , the percentage increase or decrease between those periods, and the percentage of total net revenue that each category represented for those periods: 

Online advertising     Revenue from total online advertising increased by   7.3%  . 
    
  Revenue from national online advertising increased by   7.7%   driven b  y increased demand for advertising on both The Knot and The Bump brands. 
    
  Local online advertising revenue increased by   7.0%  , primarily driven by revenue from GigMasters, which we acquired in October 2015, as well as an increase in our average revenue per vendor on a trailing 12 month basis.  Offsetting this increase was the revenue impact of declines in sales on The Knot due to sales productivity issues encountered early in the year which impacted second and third quarter growth. On a trailing twelve month basis,   TheKnot.com   ended the third quarter of 2016 with   23,959   paying vendors (down   0.7%   from prior year), spending an average of $  2,738   per year (up   6.0%   from prior year).  
    
  Transactions     Revenue from transactions increased   57.5%  , as the Company s products drove more traffic and better conversion of our transactional partner's offerings. This increase was also driven by the addition of GigMasters to our transaction portfolio. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents            

Merchandise      No revenue was recorded in 2016 as we exited our merchandise operations in Redding, CA during the first quarter of 2015. 
    
  Publishing and other     Revenue for publishing and other decreased   18.9%   in comparison to the prior year, primarily   driven   by a decrease in advertising revenue related to lower demand for print and the absence of   The Bump   print magazine, a publication we discontinued in December 2015. 
    
  Gross Profit/Gross Margin 
    
  The following table presents the components of gross profit and gross margin for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  : 

Gross profit improved   $9.0 million  , with gross margin improving to   94.5%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   92.7%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in the total gross margin was primarily driven by the increase in our higher margin online and transactions revenue. 
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  Our operating expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased   10.9%   year over year.  The following table presents the components of operating expenses and the percentage of revenue that each component represented for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  : 

Product and Content Development     The increase of   14.3%   was primarily driven by an increase in employee headcount and increased consultants expense to support the Company's growth and marketplace transactions initiatives. 
    
  Sales and Marketing     The increase of   14.7%   was primarily driven by an increase in employee headcount and increased acquisition marketing costs to support the Company's growth. 
    
  General and Administrative         The decrease of   3.2%   was primarily driven by lower bad debt as a result of improvements in our collections process. Excluding bad debt, general and administrative expenses slightly increased. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents            

Depreciation and Amortization     The increase of   19.6%   was primarily     attributable to capitalized software projects being placed into service, and increased amortization expense on intangible assets as a result of the acquisition of GigMasters in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  We had an income tax expense of   $3.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to an income tax expense of   $4.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   31.0%  , compared to   39.3%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The lower effective tax rate in   2016   was primarily a result of the reversal of a tax liability resulting from the resolution of an uncertain tax position associated with a former subsidiary. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash Flow 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less at the date of acquisition. At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $100.1 million   in cash and cash equivalents, compared to   $88.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The following table sets forth our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $20.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . This was driven by our net income of   $8.7 million   and adjustments of   $11.7 million   for non-cash items including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and deferred income taxes, partially offset by a net decrease in cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $0.3 million  . The net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $0.9 million  , a decrease in deferred rent of   $0.5 million  , a decrease in accrued compensation of   $0.3 million  , and a decrease in trade accounts receivable net of deferred revenue of $  0.2 million  , partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of   $1.6 million  . 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $  11.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This was driven by our net income of   $7.6 million  , and adjustments of   $10.2 million   for non-cash items including depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation, partially offset by a net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $6.3 million  . The net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by an increase in trade accounts receivable net of deferred revenue of   $6.7 million   and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of   $1.1 million  , partially offset by a decrease in accrued compensation of   $1.9 million   as well as a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of   $1.7 million  . 
    
  Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was   $4.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , driven by capitalized expenditures of   $3.0 million  , primarily related to capitalized software, as well as the   $1.4 million   payment made for the acquisition of How He Asked LLC. 

15 

Net cash used in investing activities was $  5.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , driven by capitalized expenditures of   $2.8 million  , primarily related to capitalized software, as well as payments to acquire investments of   $2.5 million  . 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities was   $3.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily driven by cash used to satisfy tax withholding obligations for employees related to the vesting of their restricted stock awards of   $2.5 million   and the repurchase of shares totaling   $2.5 million  , partially offset by proceeds pursuant to employee stock-based compensation plans of   $0.9 million   as well as excess tax benefits related to these stock awards of   $0.5 million  . 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities was   $10.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by the repurchase of shares totaling   $8.8 million   and by cash used to satisfy tax withholding obligations for employees related to the vesting of their restricted stock awards of   $2.7 million  , partially offset by excess tax benefits related to these stock awards of   $1.0 million  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

Seasonality 
    
  We believe the impact of the timing and frequency of weddings varying from quarter-to-quarter results in lower transactions revenue in the first and fourth quarters. Our publishing business experiences fluctuations resulting in quarter-to-quarter revenue declines in the first and third quarters due to the cyclical publishing schedule of our regional publications. As a result of the enhancement of our marketplace, we could potentially experience new and potentially different seasonal patterns in the future. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Our discussion of our results of operations and financial condition relies on our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared based on certain critical accounting policies that require management to make judgments and estimates that are subject to varying degrees of uncertainty. We believe that investors need to be aware of these policies and how they impact our financial statements as a whole, as well as our related discussion and analysis presented herein. While we believe that these accounting policies are based on sound measurement criteria, actual future events can result in outcomes that may be materially different from these estimates or forecasts.  
    
  The accounting policies and related risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   are those that depend most heavily on these judgments and estimates. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to the critical accounting policies contained therein. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Reference is made to Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning recent accounting pronouncements since the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on   March 4, 2016  .  

16 

Table of Contents            

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  This Form 10-Q includes information about certain financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP  or  U.S. GAAP ), including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and free cash flow. These non-GAAP measures have important limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for an analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Our use of these terms may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by others in our industry due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. 
    
  Management defines its non-GAAP financial measures as follows: 

Adjusted EBITDA represents GAAP income from operations adjusted to exclude, if applicable: (1) depreciation and amortization, (2) stock-based compensation expense, (3) asset impairment charges, and (4) other items affecting comparability during the period. 

Adjusted net income represents GAAP net income, adjusted for items that impact comparability, which may include: (1) asset impairment charges, (2) executive separation and other severance charges, (3) non-recurring foreign taxes, interest and penalties, and (4) costs related to exit activities. 

Adjusted net income per diluted share represents adjusted net income (as defined above), divided by the diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period. 

Free cash flow represents GAAP net cash provided by operations, less capital expenditures. 
       
  Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, when viewed with our results under U.S. GAAP and the accompanying reconciliations, provide useful information about our period-over-period growth and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating our operating performance. However, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and free cash flow are not measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and, accordingly, should not be considered substitutes for or superior to net income, net income per diluted share and net cash provided by operating activities as indicators of operating performance. 

17 

     Table of Contents            

The table below provides reconciliations between the non-GAAP financial measures discussed above to the comparable U.S. GAAP measures: 

18 

     Table of Contents            

19 

     Table of Contents            

(a) 
    Costs impacting comparability included in operating expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   included costs related to the closure of our merchandise operations in Redding, CA. 
              (b) 
    Adjusted income tax expense was calculated using an effective tax rate of    37.5%   and   39.9%  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and    37.5%   and   39.3%  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 excludes discrete items, including a one-time tax benefit associated with the resolution of an uncertain tax position for a former subsidiary in the 2016 period, as well as a one-time benefit associated with a foreign tax incentive deduction in the 2016 period. 
              (c) 
    To eliminate depreciation and amortization expense. 
              (d) 
    To eliminate stock-based compensation expense. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows due to adverse changes in financial market prices, including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, and other relevant market rate or price risks. 
    
  We are exposed to market risk through interest rates related to the investment of our current cash and cash equivalents of     $100.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . These funds are generally invested in highly liquid debt instruments. As such instruments mature and the funds are reinvested, we are exposed to changes in market interest rates. This risk is not considered material, and we manage such risk by continuing to evaluate the best investment rates available for short-term, high quality investments. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   identified in connection with the evaluation thereof by our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
    
  Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level. 

20 

     Table of Contents            

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are engaged in certain legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business and believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  Our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties including the risk factors found under the caption  Risk Factors  in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on   March 4, 2016  . There have been no material changes to the risk factors described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

_____________ 
    
           (a) 
    The terms of some awards granted under certain of our stock incentive plans allow participants to surrender or deliver shares of XO Group s common stock to us to pay for the exercise price of those awards or to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to the exercise or vesting of those awards. The shares listed in the table above represent the surrender or delivery of shares to us in connection with such exercise price payments or tax withholding obligations. For purposes of this table, the  price paid per share  is determined by reference to the closing sales price per share of XO Group s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of such surrender or delivery (or on the last date preceding such surrender or delivery for which such reported price exists). 
       
           (b), (c) 
    On April 10, 2013, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $20.0 million of our common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. On May 26, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an additional $20.0 million repurchase of our common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time, but it does not have an expiration date. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have repurchased a total of   779,735   shares of our common stock under our repurchase program for an aggregate of   $13.0 million  . 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
    
  None. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

21 

     Table of Contents            

Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits attached to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents            

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                                       Date: November 2, 2016 
    XO GROUP INC. 
        
    By:      /s/ Gillian Munson                                         
  Gillian Munson 
   Chief Financial Officer                             (principal financial officer and duly authorized officer) 

23 

Table of Contents            

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Number 
      
    Description 
      10.52 
      
    Letter Agreement between XO Group Inc. and Paul Bascobert effective September 7, 2016. 
      10.53 
      
    Transition, Separation and General Release Agreement between XO Group Inc. and Kristin Savilia dated September 14, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 14, 2016). 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and President Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and President Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS** 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE** 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*    These certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 
    
  **           In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) documents are furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability under these sections. 

24 

<EX-10.52>
 2
 paulbascobertofferletter.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.52

Exhibit 

September 5, 2016 

Dear Paul,  
    
  It gives me great pleasure to confirm our offer for you to join XO Group Inc. as   President of Local Marketplace  .  We expect your first day of employment to be September 7, 2016 or as otherwise mutually agreed upon, in our New York office.  
    
  Please understand that this offer is conditional upon our completion of customary background checks and your signing of the attached non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation agreement, as well as your compliance with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services regulations requiring the establishment of your identity and right to work in the United States. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter are subject to applicable withholding and payroll taxes. This offer is also subject to the approval of its terms by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, and your status as an executive officer will be subject to the Board of Director s approval of your appointment as an executive officer of the Company. 
    
  Compensation Terms 
  If you commence employment with XO Group Inc., your compensation package would consist of the following terms. 
    
  Base Salary 
  Your annualized salary rate is $400,000 which will be paid semi-monthly, on the 15   th    and on the last workday of the month. The Base Salary shall be reviewed on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
    
  Signing Bonus 
    
  You will receive a $100,000 signing bonus, which will be paid in one lump sum in conjunction with your first administratively practicable payroll following your start date. The bonus is taxable and all regular payroll taxes will be withheld upon payment. You agree to promptly repay to the Company: (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the gross amount of the bonus (i.e., before any reductions for federal, state, local or other taxes withheld on such amount) ( Total Bonus ) if you are either terminated or you resign from employment before the first anniversary of your start date; and (ii) fifty percent (50%) of the Total Bonus if you are either terminated or you resign from employment on or after the first anniversary of your start date and before the second anniversary of your start date. 
    
  Annual Bonus  
  You will be eligible to receive a bonus through your participation in the current XO Group 2016 Executive Incentive Plan and any successor plan available to senior executive officers (the  EIP ). The average target opportunity for 2016 for executive officers in positions similar to yours is 50% of base salary. Any bonus for 2016 will be in cash and pro-rated based on the date your employment commences     and will be contingent on remaining employed and in good standing as of the date of payment  . For subsequent annual periods, you will be eligible to participate in any annual bonus and long term incentive compensation plans generally established for executives and certain other senior leaders of XO Group by the committee of the XO Group Board of Directors responsible for such plan. Your participation will be subject to the terms and conditions of the incentive compensation program for executive officers and certain other senior leaders of XO Group, as may be in effect from time to time, including the EIP and, if applicable, a participation agreement between you and XO Group as applicable. Bonuses and incentive compensation are not guaranteed; you may receive the payment of a bonus or incentive compensation in one year but not the next. Any actual bonus and long term incentive compensation award will be dependent on your level of performance and achievement of your target goals, as well as XO Group s performance. XO Group or the committee of the XO Group Board of Directors responsible for making the determination, as applicable, will determine whether you have earned such bonus and long term incentive compensation award (including whether the established performance goals have been met), which determination will be final and binding.  
    
  Restricted Stock and Stock Option Award 
    
  You will receive a restricted stock award of 20,000 shares of XO Group common stock (the  Restricted Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. The Restricted Stock award will vest over a four-year term in a manner where the first 25% of the award will vest on the first anniversary of the award date, and the balance of the award will vest in equal annual installments thereafter, in each case, subject to your continuous service with the Company through each applicable vesting date. The Restricted Stock award will be made as soon as possible following the commencement of your employment, and will be subject to the standard terms and conditions of the XO Group Stock Incentive Plan, a restricted stock agreement between you and XO Group, and approval by the committee of the XO Group Board of Directors responsible for equity awards to new employees, in its sole discretion. 
    
  You will also receive an award of stock options to purchase 50,000 shares of XO Group Inc. s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value per share on the date of grant (the  Stock Options ), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. The award will vest over a four-year term in a manner where the first 25% of the Stock Options award will vest on the first anniversary of the award date, and the balance of the award will vest in equal quarterly installments thereafter, in each case, subject to your continuous service with the Company through each applicable vesting date. Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan and the form of the stock option agreement issued thereunder, the Stock Options will remain exercisable for a period of no longer than ten years from the date of grant, at which time such Stock Options shall expire. The award will be made as soon as possible following the commencement of your employment, and will be subject to the standard terms and conditions of the XO Group Stock Incentive Plan, a stock option agreement between you and XO Group, and approval by the committee of the XO Group Board of Directors responsible for granting and approving equity awards to new employees, in its sole discretion.  
    
  In the event the you are terminated   by the   Company   without Cause (  as defined below  ) or as a result of the your resignation for Good Reason (as defined   below  ), upon the consummation of or within the one (1) year following a Change of Control (as defined below), then, conditioned upon the execution and effectiveness of the Release (as defined below) by the Release Deadline Date (as defined below), 100% of the then unvested shares subject to the then-outstanding Restricted Stock awards and then-outstanding Stock Options described in this section above shall vest and if applicable, become exercisable, as of immediately prior to such termination  .    
  For purposes of this agreement,    Cause  shall mean (1) your willful failure to perform the principal elements of your duties to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which failure is not cured within 20 days following written notice to you specifying the conduct to be cured, (2) your conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony (regardless of the nature of the felony) or any other crime involving dishonesty, fraud, or moral turpitude, (3) your gross negligence or willful misconduct (including but not limited to acts of fraud, criminal activity or professional misconduct) in connection with the performance of your duties and responsibilities to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (4) your failure to substantially comply with the rules and policies of the Company or any of its subsidiaries governing employee conduct or with the lawful directives of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or (5) your breach of any non-disclosure, non-solicitation, non-competition or other restrictive covenant obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.    Change of Control  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (A) a change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group ( Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (A), the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change of Control; or (B) a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction that does constitute a change in control event under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) will not be considered a Change of Control for these purposes.  Good Reason  shall mean the executive s resignation due to the occurrence of any of the following conditions which occurs without the executive s written consent, provided that the requirements regarding advance notice and an opportunity to cure set forth below are satisfied: (i) the executive s then-current base salary is reduced by more than 10%; (ii) a material reduction of the executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship, relative to the executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting relationship as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; or (iii) the Company (or its successor) conditions the executive s continued service on the executive being transferred to a site of employment that would increase his or her one-way commute by more than 35 miles from his or her then-principal residence.  In order for the executive to resign for Good Reason, the executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the initial existence of such Good Reason condition. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will have 30 days during which it may remedy the Good Reason condition and not be required to provide for the acceleration or severance payments, as applicable, described herein as a result of such proposed resignation. If the Good Reason condition is not remedied within such 30 day period, the executive may resign based on the Good Reason condition specified in the notice effective no later than 60 days following the expiration of the Company s 30-day cure period. 
    
  If there is a change in ownership or control of the Company that would cause any payment or distribution by the Company or any other Person or entity to you or for your benefit (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a  Payment ) to be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (such excise tax, together with any interest or penalties incurred by you with respect to such excise tax, the  Excise Tax ), then you will receive the greatest of the following, whichever gives you the highest net after-tax amount (after taking into account federal, state, local and social security taxes): (a) the Payments or (b) one dollar ($1) less than the amount of the Payments that would subject you to the Excise Tax (the  Safe Harbor Amount ). If a reduction in the Payments is necessary so that the Payments equal the Safe Harbor Amount and none of the Payments constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), then the reduction shall occur in the manner you elect in writing prior to the date of payment. If any Payment constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation or if you fail to elect an order, then the Payments to be reduced will be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to you and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent, will be reduced in the inverse order of when payment would have been made to you, until the reduction is achieved. All determinations required to be made under this paragraph including whether and when the Safe Harbor Amount is required and the amount of the reduction of the Payments and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by or acceptable to the Company and you (the  Accounting Firm ). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. 
  Indemnification 
    
  The Company will enter into an Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers with you, effective as of your first day of employment. In addition, you shall be covered by the Company's standard insurance policy for directors and officers. 
    
  Benefits and Other Terms 
    
  You will be eligible to participate in XO Group s benefits program starting with the first of the month following your first day of employment, subject to its terms and conditions.  You will be eligible to participate in our 401(k) plan on the first of the month, after completion of 30 days of service, and our Employee Stock Purchase Plan after completion of 5 months of service. A full description of your benefits is contained in official plan documents that will be available to you. Please be advised that this letter describes policies and benefits currently available and that XO Group reserves the right to amend, change, and terminate its policies, programs, and employee benefit plans at any time during your employment or otherwise. 
  Vacation provides a period of rest, relaxation, and change of pace.  All exempt employees of XO Group do not accrue vacation. Instead, it is up to you to decide how much you would like to take.  It is up to you and your manager to ensure that you are providing a fair amount of work in exchange for the compensation we pay you.  You are expected to meet work related deadlines and other job related commitments, but you may take as much paid vacation as you in your own discretion choose to take, consistent with your responsibilities to the Company, and to Clients and Customers, and the Company s business needs.  You will be given a copy of XO Group s Ultimate Freedom Vacation Policy which will provide additional detail about this benefit.   
     
  Severance 
    
  If your employment is involuntarily terminated without cause by the Company or a successor entity or if you resign for Good Reason, you shall be entitled to receive, conditioned on the execution and effectiveness of a release to be provided by the Company on the date of such termination in a form customarily used by the Company for such purposes (the  Release ) and provided that such Release becomes effective no later than the 53rd day after your termination of or resignation from employment with the Company (the  Release Deadline Date ), the following severance benefits: (A) a lump-sum payment of an amount equal to your annual salary rate in effect immediately prior to such termination or resignation, and (B) if you timely elect to continue your health insurance coverage under the COBRA provisions following such termination or resignation, then the Company will pay 100% of your monthly premiums due for such COBRA coverage (  less the active employee rate that will remain your responsibility)   from the first date on which you lose health coverage as an employee of the Company (with any payments commencing after such date being made retroactively to such date) until the earliest of (i) the date that the Company has paid premiums for COBRA coverage for 12 months, (ii) the expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) the date when you receive substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment, provided that such continuation coverage does not violate federal non-discrimination laws or rules applicable to such group health insurance plan(s) in a manner that adversely affects your employer or any of its affiliates, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.  
    
  Subject to the Section 409A provisions described below, the Company shall pay the lump-sum payment in connection with such a termination or resignation on the first regular payroll date of the Company following the expiration of the Release Deadline Date and subject to your continued compliance with any covenants contained or incorporated by reference therein up to the date of such payment. An involuntary termination  without cause  shall mean a termination of employment by the Company other than for death, disability, or termination for Cause. 
    
  At-Will Employment 
  Please understand that, if employed by XO Group, your employment will be  at will,  meaning that either you or XO Group may terminate the relationship at any time, with or without cause or notice.  Please also note that XO Group reserves the right to revise, supplement, or rescind any of its policies, practices, and procedures (including those described in the Employee Handbook) as it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. 
  Compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code 
    
  For purposes of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, the regulations and other guidance there under and any state law of similar effect (collectively  Section 409A ), each payment that is paid pursuant to this agreement is hereby designated as a separate payment. Although the Company does not guarantee any particular tax treatment, the parties intend that all payments made or to be made under this agreement comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that this agreement will be interpreted in a manner consistent with that intent. Specifically, any severance payments made in connection with your separation from service under this agreement and paid on or before the 15th day of the 3rd month following the end of your first tax year in which your separation from service occurs or, if later, the 15th day of the 3   rd    month following the end of the Company s first tax year in which your separation from service occurs, shall be exempt from Section 409A to the maximum extent permitted pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and any additional severance provided in connection with your separation from service under this agreement shall be exempt from Section 409A to the maximum extent permitted pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) (to the extent it is exempt pursuant to such section it will in any event be paid no later than the last day of your 2nd taxable year following the taxable year in which your separation from service occurs). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the payments provided in connection with your separation from service do not qualify for any reason to be exempt from Section 409A and you are, at the time of your separation from service, a  specified employee,  as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i), each such payment will not be made until the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the 7th month after your separation from service and, on such date (or, if earlier, the date of your death), you will receive all payments that would have been paid during such period in a single lump sum, and any remaining payments due under this agreement will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. In addition, to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided in this agreement or otherwise are subject to the provisions of the Section 409A, any such payments, reimbursements and/or benefits (i) shall be paid or reimbursed promptly but no later than December 31 of the calendar year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (ii) shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, and (iii) shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. No severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to you will be paid or otherwise provided until you have a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A. 
    
  For purposes of this agreement, any reference to  termination of employment,   termination  or any similar term shall be construed to mean a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A. 
    
  No Violation of Contract 
  By accepting this offer of employment, you represent and warrant that you are honoring all of the provisions of any agreement between you and any current or former employer (including all provisions that remain in effect after your employment is terminated), and that your acceptance of employment with XO Group is not a violation of any agreement with any third party under which you incur any obligations that conflict with or will otherwise prevent you from performing your obligations with XO Group. Additionally, please be advised that it is XO Group s corporate policy not to obtain or use any confidential information, proprietary information or trade secrets of its competitors or others, unless it is properly obtained from sources permitted to disclose such information.  By signing this letter below, you are acknowledging that you have been advised of this policy and that you accept and will abide by this policy.  It is not our intention or desire to make use of any proprietary information to which you may have had access during your previous employment.  You are being hired to apply for XO Group, and are expected to apply for XO Group, only the general, non-trade secret skills and knowledge that you have developed throughout your career and that you are free to use under all applicable federal and state laws.  In the event that you are in possession of any confidential non-public information by virtue of your prior employment, you further agree that you will not engage and have not engaged in any activity that is inconsistent with the rights of such prior employer which could subject XO Group, its parent companies and affiliates or any of its employees to liability. 
  Paul, please indicate your acceptance of this offer and the attached Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition and Invention Assignment Agreement by responding via electronic signature. I am excited to work together! 
    
  Warmest Regards, 
    
  /s/ Michael Steib 
    
  Michael Steib 
  CEO 
  XO Group Inc. 
    
  By signing, dating and returning this letter, you accept our offer of employment. 
    
  /s/ Paul Bascobert                    September 8, 2016 
  
  Paul Bascobert                        Date 
  
   1 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Michael Steib, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of XO Group Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                     Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Michael Steib                                           

Name: Michael Steib 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 

(principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Gillian Munson, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of XO Group Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                     Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Gillian Munson                                  

Name: Gillian Munson 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
    
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of XO Group Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Steib, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Michael Steib                                    

Michael Steib 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
    
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of XO Group Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gillian Munson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                        Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Gillian Munson             

Gillian Munson 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 xoxo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 xoxo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 xoxo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 xoxo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 xoxo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 xoxo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

