<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161220_10-Q_edgar_data_1281845_0001078782-16-003994_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>609651</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65682</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>49673</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>118092</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>169222</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>180769</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>4</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003994.hdr.sgml : 20161220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161220152515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003994
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOCAP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				010721929
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50612
		FILM NUMBER:		162061280

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 E AUSTIN ST, STE 202
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 489
		CITY:			JEFFERSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75657-0489
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(903) 926-1287

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 E AUSTIN ST, STE 202
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 489
		CITY:			JEFFERSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75657-0489

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003994.txt : 20161220

10-Q
 1
 f10q103116_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
   FORM 10-Q   
   
 (Mark One) 
    X   .  
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016  
   
          .  
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the transition period from _______to________  
   
 Commission file number   000-50612 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
   INNOCAP, INC.   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada  
    01 0721929  
  
   (State or other jurisdiction 
   (IRS Employer 
  
   of incorporation or organization) 
   Identification Number) 

112 N. Walnut Street  
  PO Box 489  
  Jefferson, Texas 75657-0489  
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
  903-926-1287  
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   X   .   No         .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See definition of  accelerated filer  and  large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
   
 Large Accelerated Filer         .     Accelerated Filer         .     Non-Accelerated Filer         .     Smaller Reporting Company   X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes         .   No   X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         .   No   X   .    
   
 At December 20, 2016, the number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding was 124,825,000. 

INNOCAP, INC.  
   
 INDEX 

PART I   

ITEM 1  
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   3 

ITEM 2  
   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   9 

ITEM 3  
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   12 

ITEM 4  
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
   12 

PART II  

ITEM I  
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
   13 

ITEM 1A 
   RISK FACTORS 
   13 

ITEM 2  
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
   20 

ITEM 3  
   DEFAULTS  UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
   20 

ITEM 4  
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   20 

ITEM 5  
   OTHER INFORMATION  
   20 

ITEM 6  
   EXHIBITS   
   20 

2 

PART I  

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation.  Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as  expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   believe,    estimate,    consider  or similar expressions are used. 
   
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company's future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.  

3 

INNOCAP, INC.  
 Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

INNOCAP, INC.  
 Statements of Operations 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited financial statements. 

5 

INNOCAP, INC.  
 Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited)         

See accompanying notes to the unaudited financial statements. 

6 

INNOCAP, INC.  
 Notes to the Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited) 
   
    NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION   
   
 Innocap, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 23, 2004. In May 2011, the Company and its principal shareholders entered into agreements with its current President who provided the Company with a new business plan of finding and assisting in the salvaging of sunken ships. To do this, the Company has to raise capital to undertake each project. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in obtaining the necessary financing. 
   
  NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 These financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and are expressed in US dollars. The Company s fiscal year-end is January 31. 
   
  Interim Financial Statements  
   
 The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's January 31, 2016 report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements which would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the audited financial statements for the most recent fiscal year end, January 31, 2016, have been omitted.  
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. 
   
  Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share  
   
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period after giving retroactive effect to the reverse and forward splits.  Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during each period after giving retroactive effect to the reverse and forward splits. Shares issuable under the convertible preferred stock were not included in the calculation of earnings per share because they would not have been dilutive. 
   
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards  
   
 There were no new accounting pronouncements that had a significant impact on the Company s operating results or financial position. 
   
  Subsequent Events  
   
 The Company has evaluated all transactions from October 31, 2016 through the financial statement issuance date for subsequent event disclosure consideration and has determined that there were no reportable events that occurred during that subsequent period to be disclosed or recorded. 

7 

NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  At October 31, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $774,285 and had not yet generated revenues from its operations. These factors, among others, indicate that the Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to achieve profitable operations or obtain adequate financing. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 
   
 The Company intends to continue seeking revenue producing projects and financing through the business contacts of its new officers. No assurances can be given as to the likelihood of it obtaining any revenue producing projects. 
   
  NOTE 4   ADVANCES  
   
 On August 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Charles E. Hill and Associates ( Investor ) under which the Investor agreed to finance an exploration to find the Flor de la Mar, a Portuguese ship that sank in 1511 with a rumored large cargo of treasures. Undertaking this project is contingent on finalizing an agreement with the Government of Indonesia. The Investor is an entity controlled by a minority shareholder of the Company. 
   
 As of October 31, 2016, the Investor had provided advances of $170,000 under this agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will provide the Investor with periodic budgets and documentation of expenses relating to the project. If anything is recovered from the project, the Company s share will be split evenly with the Investor after expenses are reimbursed. If a contract with Indonesia is executed, it is likely that the contract will specify that the Company will have to split the proceeds of any recovery with Indonesia. 
   
 If a contract is not reached with Indonesia, the advances will be applied to any other contract that is executed by the Company. 
   
  NOTE 5   COMMON STOCK  
   
 In May 2016, the Company agreed to settle accrued expenses of $12,000 for the issuance of 1,200,000 shares of common stock, valued at $15,600 and agreed to issue 3,000,000 shares of common stock to its President in consideration of $30,000, valued at $39,000 in payments due to him. The Company recorded a $12,600 loss as part of the settlement of payables.  
   
 In May 2016, the Company agreed to issue 800,000 shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services. These shares were valued at $10,400 on the date of issuance. 

8 

ITEM 2   
  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  
   
  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
   
 Certain matters discussed in this interim report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements contained in this annual report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to:  

our future operating results,  
   
 our business prospects,  
   
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties,  
   
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we may be involved,  
   
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and 
     
  other factors identified in our filings with the SEC, press releases and other public communications.  
   
  These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words such as  we,   believe,   anticipate,   expect,   estimate  or words of similar meaning.  Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which are described in close proximity to such statements and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this Form 10-Q.  Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.  
   
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which management believes to be relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company's results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read together with the Company's financial statements and the notes to financial statements, which are included in this report. 
   
 This management's discussion and analysis or plan of operation should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto of the Company for the quarter ended October 31, 2016. Because of its nature of a development stage company, the reported results will not necessarily reflect the future. 
   
  Operations  
   
 Our balance sheet had no assets, and we had not generated operating revenue. Our President began implementing a specific business plan, as discussed below, on a full time basis in April 2011.  
   
 In May 2011, the Company entered into agreements with its new President who brought the Company a new business plan of finding and salvaging sunken ships. Our new President, Paul Tidwell, devotes fulltime to implementing the new business plan. He has extensive experience in finding and salvaging sunken ships. Some of his activities have been filmed and shown on networks like the History Channel and Discovery Channel. To accomplish this new business plan, the Company will have to raise substantial debt or equity capital or conduct projects jointly with other parties who provide project funding since each project is likely to require several million dollars. Each project will require a surface vessel and crew, small submarine, salvage equipment and sophisticated cameras and filming equipment.  
   
 The Company is currently actively considering several projects that have been extensively researched by its President. Several trips, including to Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines, have been taken. Negotiations have been underway with companies based in Florida, Canada and Sweden. A contract has been signed with an Indonesian company. That company is now negotiating a contract with the appropriate Indonesian government departments. If fully executed, the Company would need to obtain financing to carry out its obligations. There is no certainty that such financing could be obtained. The negotiations with the companies in Florida, Canada and Sweden relate to attempts to combine their resources with the Company s knowledge. No assurances can be given regarding the likelihood of these negotiations culminating in executed contracts. 

9 

The projects being discussed include: 

A program to salvage a Japanese submarine sunk during World War ll. 
   
 The right to assist in the sale or auction the existing Indonesian Government Inventory of Porcelain. 
   
 The right to undertake an exploration to find the Flor de la Mar, a Portuguese ship that sank in 1511 with a rumored large cargo of treasures. 
   
 The right to participate in the salvage of the contents of the Flor de la Mar. 
   
 The right to sell or auction all or a portion of the contents salvaged from the Flor de la Mar. 
   
 A program to salvage/recover shipwreck artifacts at various sites throughout Panay Island, Philippines. 
   
 The Company s principal efforts in 2016 have involved negotiations with several parties to finance the program to salvage a Japanese submarine sunk during World War ll. There is no way of predicting whether or when any of the projects being negotiated or pursued by Innocap will be completed and, if completed, the level of profits, if any. 
   
 The Company has no financial resources and has not established a source of equity or debt financing and an accumulated deficit at October 31, 2016. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on Innocap s financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2016, that states that this lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain any financing that may be necessary in order to continue as a going concern. 
   
 The Company started accruing compensation of $25,000 per quarter for its President during the quarter ended July 31, 2014. All other expenses incurred during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2016 consist of costs, including travel expenses, incurred by Mr. Tidwell to negotiate potential contracts, rent, administrative costs and professional fees. The administrative costs include $10,000 paid to the OTC Markets. 
   
  Other  
   
 As a corporate policy,   we will not incur any cash obligations that we cannot satisfy with known resources, of which there are currently none except as described in  Liquidity  below.  
   
  Results of Operations  
   
  Revenue  
   
 We have not had any revenues from operations as of October 31, 2016. 
   
  Operating Expenses and Net Loss  
   
 Operating expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2016 were $50,478. Operating expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2015 were $33,820. Our net losses for the three-month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 were $50,478 and $33,820, respectively. 
   
 Operating expenses and net loss for the nine months ended October 31, 2016 were $144,934 and $157,534, respectively. Operating expenses and net loss for the nine months ended October 31, 2015 were both $115,326. 
   
  Liquidity  
   
 The Company does not have any credit facilities or other commitments for debt or equity financing. In May 2011, the Company and principal shareholders entered into agreements with its new president who will bring the Company a new business plan of finding and salvaging sunken ships. Our new President, Paul Tidwell, will devote fulltime to implementing the new business plan. He has extensive experience in finding and salvaging sunken ships. Some of his activities have been filmed and shown on networks like the History Channel and Discovery Channel. To accomplish this new business plan, the Company will have to raise substantial debt or equity capital since each project is likely to require several million dollars. Each project will require a surface vessel and crew, small submarine, salvage equipment and sophisticated cameras and filming equipment. Initially, the Company will seek funds from the business contacts of its new officers. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in obtaining the necessary financing and, if obtained, what the terms will be. The Company is currently seeking sources of debt and equity financing but cannot predict the likelihood of success. 

10 

We are currently subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934 and will continue to incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements if required. We estimate that these costs may range up to $50,000 per year for the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases. These obligations will reduce our ability and resources to fund other aspects of our business. We hope to be able to use our status as a public company to increase our ability to use noncash means of settling obligations and compensating independent contractors who provide services for us, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts. We will reduce any compensation paid to management if there is insufficient cash generated from operations to satisfy these costs.  
   
 In July 2008, we elected to cease being a BDC and to become a consulting company. At that time, we effectuated a 1 for 100 reverse split of shares of our common stock and issued 82,080,000 (as restated to give effect to the 19 for 1 forward split declared in May 2011) new shares to settle a substantial portion of our outstanding liabilities. 
   
 In May 2011, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to settle $20,000 in accrued expenses due to consultants.  In May 2011, the Company also issued 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock to Paul Tidwell. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into 50 shares of common stock commencing on April 1, 2012. All current operating expenses are being paid by Mr. Tidwell. 
   
 In January 2013, the Company issued 9,500,000 shares of common stock (including 3,000,000 to Paul Tidwell) to satisfy $20,000 in consulting fees due to an unaffiliated firm and unpaid costs incurred by Mr. Tidwell. 
   
 In April 2014, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of newly-issued restricted common stock to an unaffiliated investor for $100,000. 
   
 In October 2014, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of newly-issued restricted common stock to an unaffiliated investor for $50,000. 
   
 In January 2015, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of newly-issued restricted common stock to an unaffiliated investor for $50,000. 
   
 In August 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Charles E. Hill and Associates ( Investor ) under which the Investor agreed to finance an exploration to find the Flor de la Mar, a Portuguese ship that sank in 1511 with a rumored large cargo of treasures. Undertaking this project is contingent on finalizing an agreement with the Government of Indonesia. The Investor is an entity controlled by a minority shareholder of the Company. 
   
 As of October 31, 2016, the Investor had provided advances of $170,000 under this Agreement. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company will provide the Investor with periodic budgets and documentation of expenses relating to the project. If anything is recovered from the project, the Company s share will be split evenly with the Investor after expenses are reimbursed. If a contract with Indonesia is executed, it is likely that the contract will specify that the Company will have to split the proceeds of any recovery with Indonesia. If a contract is not reached with Indonesia, the Advance will be applied to any other contract that is executed by us. 
   
 The Company settled accrued expenses of $10,000 for the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock and issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to settle $20,000 of accrued expenses due to the Company s President.  
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
     The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, obligations under any guarantee contracts or contingent obligations. We also have no other commitments, other than the costs of being a public company that will increase our operating costs or cash requirements in the future 

11 

ITEM 3  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
  ITEM 4  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  Management s Report on Internal Controls over Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Financial Reporting  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  The Company's internal control over financial reporting   is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
   
 Our internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
   
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
   
 that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and 
   
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
   
 As of October 31, 2016, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting.  In making this assessment, management followed an approach based on the framework set forth in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (known as  COSO ).  Based on this assessment, management determined that the Company's internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting as of October 31, 2016 was ineffective to the extent that having only one employee prevents any separation of duties and responsibilities. 
   
 During the quarter ended October 31, 2016, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting. 
   
 The Company s management, including the Company s CEO/CFO, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of the controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

12 

PART II  
   
  Item 1  
  Legal Proceedings  
   
 None 
   
   Item 1A.   
   Risk Factors   
   
  You should be aware that there are various risks to an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Report, before you decide to invest in shares of our common stock.   
   
  If any of the following risks develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.   
   
    Risks Related to the Business    
   
    Innocap has a very limited operating history and anticipates on-going operating losses.    
   
  Innocap was formed in 2004 as a BDC. Paul Tidwell became a major shareholder in 2011 and introduced the current business plan involving assisting in the salvage of sunken ships. Therefore, we have insufficient operating history upon which an evaluation of our future performance and prospects can be made. Innocap s future prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays, problems and difficulties frequently encountered in the establishment of a new business. An investor in our common stock must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies operating in new and competitive markets. These risks include:  

Competition from entities that are much more established and have greater financial and technical resources than do we; 
   
 Need to develop corporate infrastructure; 
   
 Ability to access and obtain capital when required; and 
   
 Dependence upon key personnel. 
   
  Innocap cannot be certain that our new business strategy will be successful or that we will ever be able to commence or sustain revenue generating and profitable activities. Furthermore, Innocap believes that it is probable that we will incur operating losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future.  
   
  Innocap has no financial resources, negative working capital and an accumulated deficit at October 31, 2016. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on Innocap s financial statements as of January 31, 2016 that states that this lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain any financing that may be necessary in order to continue as a going concern.  
   
    Innocap is and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our new president, Paul Tidwell, the loss of whose services would likely cause our business operations to cease.    
   
  Innocap s current business strategy is completely dependent upon the knowledge, reputation and business contacts of Paul Tidwell, our new President.  If we were to lose the services of Mr. Tidwell, it is unlikely that we would be able to continue conducting our business plan even if some financing is obtained.  
   
  Our chief executive officer, Mr. Tidwell, is principally responsible for the execution of our business. He is under no contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If he should choose to leave us for any reason before we have hired qualified additional personnel, our operations are likely to fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines planned by Mr. Tidwell. We will fail without Mr. Tidwell or an appropriate replacement(s).   

13 

We will need to raise financing for many projects that we undertake.    
   
  Through research we will identify potential salvage projects. Each project is expensive to undertake in that they require a significant amount of time, a surface vessel and crew, small submarine, salvage equipment and sophisticated cameras and filming equipment. Therefore, we will have to either locate other parties to undertake the projects on a joint venture basis or obtain significant financing to undertake each salvage project. There is no way of predicting what the availability or terms of partnering or financing will be. Without financing, we cannot undertake any salvage project.  
   
    Salvage projects, if undertaken, may prove unsuccessful.    
   
  We may undertake salvage projects and be unsuccessful in locating the sunken vessel. Even if we locate the vessel, we may be unable to salvage it or it may not have the cargo that was anticipated. In these cases, we will have incurred significant costs without realizing any benefits. If this happens, it may prevent us from obtaining financing for future salvage projects.  
   
    Paul Tidwell, our Chief Executive Officer, has no meaningful accounting or financial reporting education or experience and, accordingly, our ability to meet Exchange Act reporting requirements on a timely basis will be dependent to a significant degree upon others.    
   
  Paul Tidwell, our Chief Executive Officer, has no meaningful financial reporting education or experience. He is and will continue to be heavily dependent on advisors and consultants. It is uncertain whether we will be successful in agreeing to financial arrangements with independent consultants that will be achievable by us. As such, there is risk about our ability to comply with all financial reporting requirements accurately and on a timely basis.  
   
    We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which requires us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports.  These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.    
   
  By having filed a Form 10 Registration Statement with the SEC in March 2004 (File No. 000-50612), we became subject to the reporting requirements under Section 12(g) of the  34 Act.  Subsequently, in November 2008, we terminated our Section 12(g) registration (and its reporting requirements) under the SEC Exchange Act of 1934 by filing the necessary Form 15 with the SEC.  
   
  In addition, upon the effective date of our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-153035, effective January 16, 2009) we became required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm has to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel has to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit.   
   
  We currently have only one employee, which is not a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities. We may be unable to afford the cost of increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees.   
   
    Having only one director, who is also an officer, limits our ability to establish effective independent corporate governance procedures and increases the control of our president/director.    
   
  We have only one director, who is also an officer. Accordingly, we cannot establish board committees comprised of independent members to oversee functions like compensation or audit issues.  
   
  Until we have a larger board of directors that would include some independent members, if ever, there will be limited oversight of our president s decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders.  

14 

Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public.    
   
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;   

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and   

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   
   
  Because of our limited resources and personnel, our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public.  Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision.  
   
    Legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may make it more difficult for us to retain or attract officers and directors.    
   
  The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was enacted in response to public concerns regarding corporate accountability in connection with relatively recent accounting scandals. The stated goals of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles in our company because of our extremely limited resources. Our lack of financial resources limits our ability to compensate potential directors sufficiently in light of the regulatory and legal environment as well as provide liability insurance to potential officers and directors. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We continue to evaluate and monitor developments with respect to these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.  
     
    Risks Related to Our Common Stock    
   
    Shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares of our common stock.    
   
 We have no committed source of financing. We will need to seek debt or equity financing to undertake our business plan of finding and salvaging sunken ships. Debt financing will likely involve issuing notes that will be convertible into shares of our common stock. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. In addition, if a trading market ever develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuance may also serve to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our Company because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. 

15 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability. These provisions may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors.      
   
  Our Articles of Incorporation and applicable Nevada law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney's fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person's written promise to repay us therefore, if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us that we may be unable to recoup.   
   
  We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable.  In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our securities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either       of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops.      
   
    Currently, there is no established public market for our securities, and there can be no assurances that any established public market will ever develop.     
   
  Our shares trade on the OTCQB. However, there has not been any established trading market for our common stock, and there is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities.    If a public market for our common stock does not develop, investors may not be able to re-sell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. There can be no assurances as to whether:  
   
  i.  
  any market for our shares will develop;   
   
  ii.  
  the prices at which our common stock will trade; or the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active, liquid trading market.  Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for investors. In addition, our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts, and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until an orderly market develops in our common stock, if ever, the price at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock, developments affecting our business, including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors, investor perception of us         and general economic and market conditions.  No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock.  
   
    Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.    
   
  The trading of our securities, if any, will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred to as the OTCQB as maintained by FINRA. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities.   
   
  Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 establishes the definition of a  penny stock,  for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock.  

16 

For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.  In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.   
   
  The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth:   

The basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and  
     
  That the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.   
   
  Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.   
   
  Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares, in all probability, if they trade at all, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future, and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities.  
   
    The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock.    
   
  Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include:   

Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer;   
     
  Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;   
     
   Boiler room  practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons;   
     
  Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and   
     
  Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses.  
   
    If a public market for our common stock develops, short selling could increase the volatility of our stock price.    
     
  Short selling occurs when a person sells shares of stock which the person does not yet own and promises to buy stock in the future to cover the sale. The general objective of the person selling the shares short is to make a profit by buying the shares later, at a lower price, to cover the sale. Significant amounts of short selling, or the perception that a significant amount of short sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. In contrast, purchases to cover a short position may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our common stock, and together with the imposition of the penalty bid, may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. If these activities are commenced, they may be discontinued at any time. These transactions may be effected on over-the-counter bulletin board or any other available markets or exchanges. Such short selling if it were to occur could impact the value of our stock in an extreme and volatile manner to the detriment of our shareholders.  

17 

State securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell shares.    
   
  Secondary trading in our common stock will not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be significantly impacted.  
   
    The ability of our officers and majority shareholders to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders  ability to influence corporate affairs.      
   
  Currently   ,    our president and four other principal shareholders beneficially own more than 90% of our outstanding common stock. Because of this level of beneficial stock ownership, these shareholders will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of such shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal shareholders. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because these stockholders may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and   /   or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.  
     
    Anti-takeover provisions of Nevada State Law hinder a potential takeover of Innocap.    
       
  Nevada Revised Statutes sections 78.378 to 78.379 provide state regulation over the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that the provisions of these sections do not apply.  Our articles of incorporation and bylaws do not state that these provisions do not apply.  The statute creates a number of restrictions on the ability of a person or entity to acquire control of a Nevada company by setting down certain rules of conduct and voting restrictions in any acquisition attempt, among other things. The statute is limited to corporations that are organized in the state of Nevada and that have 200 or more stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of the State of Nevada; and does business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. Because of these conditions, the statute currently does not apply to our company.  
   
   Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them   .   
   
 We intend to retain any future earnings or resources, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them at a price higher than that which they initially paid for such shares. There may not be any market into which to sell these shares and, if a market exists, the prices may be lower. 
   
    Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters   .    
   
  The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures.   
   
  We do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, our two directors have the unchallenged ability, among other things, to determine levels of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and any potential investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations.   

18 

We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles.  
   
    To continue to have our shares quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC.    
   
  To continue to have our shares quoted on the OTCQB, we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC in order for shares of our common stock to remain eligible for quotation on the OTCQB. In the event that we become delinquent in our required quarterly and annual filings with the SEC, quotation of our common stock will be terminated following a 30 day grace period if we do not make our required filing during that time. If our shares are not eligible for quotation on the over-the-counter bulletin board, investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares.  
   
   You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances.    
   
  We were required to file periodic reports with the SEC (by virtue of having filed a Form 10 Registration Statement with the SEC on March 1, 2004), and such reports as were filed remain available to the public for inspection and copying.  In November 2008, we subsequently terminated our Section 12(g) registration (and its reporting requirements) under SEC Exchange Act of 1934 by filing the necessary Form 15 with the SEC.   
   
  Despite the above and as of effectiveness of our registration statement on January 16, 2009 we became required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying.  Except during the year following our registration statement becoming effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended by operation of statute under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 if we have less than 300 shareholders and have not filed a Form 8A with the SEC. That situation exists now which means that we may file periodic reports voluntarily with the SEC but will no longer be obligated to file those periodic reports with the SEC, and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. As of January 16, 2009 (the date our registration statement on Form S-1 became effective), we are required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 until we have both 500 or more security holders and greater than $10 million in assets and are required to register our shares under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. This means that your access to information regarding our business will be limited.  
   
  For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.  

19 

Item 2  
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
   
 None during Quarter Ended October 31, 2016. 
   
  Item 3  
  Defaults upon Senior Securities  
   
 None 
   
  Item 4  
  Mine Safety Disclosures  
   
 N/A 
   
  Item 5  
  Other Information  
   
 None 
   
  Item 6  
  Exhibits   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
  Innocap, Inc.  
 (Registrant) 
   
 By:   /s/ Paul Tidwell               
 Paul Tidwell 
 Chief Executive Officer  
   
 December 20, 2016 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q103116_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
   
   Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

I, Paul Tidwell, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Innocap, Inc.   
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
   
 4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and  
   
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 20, 2016 
   
   /s/ Paul Tidwell   
 Paul Tidwell 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q103116_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Innocap, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul Tidwell, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
   
 Date: December 20, 2016 
   
   /s/ Paul Tidwell   
 Paul Tidwell 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 inno-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 inno-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 inno-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 inno-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 inno-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 inno-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

