<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-Q_edgar_data_78239_0000078239-16-000102_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11035904</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>215889</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>596344</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3354264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4969233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1734431</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000078239-16-000102.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161206145835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000078239-16-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161030
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PVH CORP. /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000078239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				131166910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07572
		FILM NUMBER:		162036130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123813500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHILLIPS VAN HEUSEN CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000078239-16-000102.txt : 20161206

10-Q
 1
 a10q3q2016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

OR 
                     o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
      For the transition period from 
      
    to 

Commission File Number       001-07572 
               PVH CORP. 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    13-1166910 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

200 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 
      
    10016 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
  Large accelerated filer    x       Accelerated filer    o       Non-accelerated filer    o       Smaller reporting company    o 
  (do not check if a smaller 
    reporting company) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No   x 
    
  The number of outstanding shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the registrant as of November 30, 2016 was   79,265,740  . 

PVH CORP. 
  INDEX 
  
  SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995: Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements relating to our future revenue, earnings and cash flows, plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy, and some of which might not be anticipated, including, without limitation, (i) our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion; (ii) we   may be considered to be highly leveraged and we use a significant portion of our cash flows to service our indebtedness, as a result of which we might not have sufficient funds to operate our businesses in the manner we intend or have operated in the past;   (iii) the levels of sales of our apparel, footwear and related products, both to our wholesale customers and in our retail stores, the levels of sales of our licensees at wholesale and retail, and the extent of discounts and promotional pricing in which we and our licensees and other business partners are required to engage, all of which can be affected by weather conditions, changes in the economy, fuel prices, reductions in travel, fashion trends, consolidations, repositionings and bankruptcies in the retail industries, repositionings of brands by our licensors and other factors; (iv) our plans and results of operations will be affected by our ability to manage our growth and inventory, including our ability to realize benefits from   acquisitions  ; (v) our operations and results could be affected by quota restrictions and the imposition of safeguard controls (which, among other things, could limit our ability to produce products in cost-effective countries that have the labor and technical expertise needed), the availability and cost of raw materials, our ability to adjust timely to changes in trade regulations and the migration and development of manufacturers (which can affect where our products can best be produced), changes in available factory and shipping capacity, wage and shipping cost escalation, civil conflict, war or terrorist acts, the threat of any of the foregoing, or political and labor instability in any of the countries where our or our licensees  or other business partners  products are sold, produced or are planned to be sold or produced; (vi) disease epidemics and health related concerns, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, as well as reduced consumer traffic and purchasing, as consumers become ill or limit or cease shopping in order to avoid exposure; (vii) acquisitions and divestitures and issues arising with acquisitions, divestitures and proposed transactions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate an acquired entity or business into us with no substantial adverse effect on the acquired entity s,   the acquired business s   or our existing operations, employee relationships, vendor relationships, customer relationships or financial performance, and the disposal of the net assets of a divested entity; (viii) the failure of our licensees to market successfully licensed products or to preserve the value of our brands, or their misuse of our brands; (ix) our   results could be adversely affected by the strengthening of the United States dollar against foreign currencies in which we transact significant levels of business; (x) our retirement plan expenses recorded throughout the year are calculated using actuarial valuations that incorporate assumptions and estimates about financial market, economic and demographic conditions, and differences between estimated and actual results give rise to gains and losses that are recorded immediately in earnings, generally in the fourth quarter of the year; and (xi)   other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  We do not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without limitation, any estimate regarding revenue, earnings or cash flows, whether as a result of the receipt of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  
  PART I -- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  Item 1 - Financial Statements 

PART II -- OTHER INFORMATION 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PVH Corp. 
  Consolidated Income Statements  
  Unaudited 
  (In millions, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
    1 

PVH Corp. 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  Unaudited 
  (In millions) 

See accompanying notes. 

2 

PVH Corp. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In millions, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
    3 

PVH Corp. 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Unaudited 
  (In millions) 

(1)    See   Note 17   for information on Noncash Investing and Financing Transactions. 
    
  See accompanying notes. 
  
    4 

PVH CORP. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.  GENERAL 
    
  PVH Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ) constitute a global apparel company whose brand portfolio consists of nationally and internationally recognized brand names, including   Calvin Klein  ,   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Van Heusen  ,   IZOD  ,   ARROW  ,   Warner s   and   Olga  ,     which are owned, and   Speedo  , which is licensed in perpetuity for North America and the Caribbean, as well as various other owned, licensed and private label brands. The Company designs and markets branded dress shirts, neckwear, sportswear, jeanswear, intimate apparel, swim products, handbags, footwear and other related products and licenses its owned brands over a broad range of products. References to the aforementioned and other brand names are to registered trademarks owned by the Company or licensed to the Company by third parties and are identified by italicizing the brand name.  
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in entities that the Company does not control but has the ability to exercise significant influence over are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The Company s Consolidated Income Statements include its proportionate share of the net income or loss of these entities. Please see   Note 6  ,  Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates,  for a further discussion. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company, along with its minority interest partner, formed a joint venture in Ethiopia. The joint venture is consolidated and the minority shareholder s proportionate share (  25%  ) of the equity in this joint venture is accounted for as a redeemable non-controlling interest. Please see   Note 5  ,  Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest,  for a further discussion.  
    
  The Company s fiscal years are based on the   52-53   week periods ending on the Sunday closest to February 1 of each calendar year and are designated by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commences. References to a year are to the Company s fiscal year, unless the context requires otherwise. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not contain all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. Reference is made to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 31, 2016  . 
    
  The preparation of interim financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
    
  The results of operations for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   are not necessarily indicative of those for a full fiscal year due, in part, to seasonal factors. The data contained in these financial statements are unaudited and are subject to year-end adjustments. However, in the opinion of management, all known adjustments (which consist of normal recurring accruals) have been made to present fairly the consolidated operating results for the unaudited periods.  
    
  The Company records warehousing and distribution expenses as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in its Consolidated Income Statements. Warehousing and distribution expenses totaled $  65.5   million and $  62.5   million in the   thirteen weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, and totaled $  181.2   million and $  173.2   million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the consolidated financial statements for the prior year periods to present that information on a basis consistent with the current year.  

5 

2.  INVENTORIES 
    
  Inventories are comprised principally of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost for principally all wholesale inventories in North America and certain wholesale and retail inventories in Asia and Latin America is determined using the first-in, first-out method. Cost for all other inventories is determined using the weighted average cost method. The Company reviews current business trends, inventory aging and discontinued merchandise categories to determine adjustments that it estimates will be needed to liquidate existing clearance inventories and record inventories at the lower of cost or market. 

3.  ACQUISITIONS 
    
  The Company acquired on April 13, 2016 the   55%   of the ownership interests in TH Asia, Ltd. ( TH China ), its joint venture for   Tommy Hilfiger   in China, that it did not already own (the  TH China acquisition ). Prior to April 13, 2016, the   45%   interest in TH China owned by the Company was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Following the acquisition of the   55%   interest, the results of TH China s operations were consolidated in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  TH China began operating the Tommy Hilfiger wholesale and retail distribution businesses in China in 2011 and licensed from a subsidiary of the Company the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks for use in connection with these businesses. 
    
  The carrying value of the Company s   45%   interest in TH China prior to the acquisition was $  52.5   million. In connection with the acquisition, this investment was remeasured to a fair value of $  205.6   million, resulting in the recognition of a pre-tax noncash gain of $  153.1   million during the first quarter of 2016, which was included in other noncash (loss) gain, net in the Company s Consolidated Income Statement for the thirty-nine weeks ended   October 30, 2016  . Such fair value was estimated based on the fair value of TH China using future operating cash flow projections that were discounted at a rate of   14.4%  , which accounted for the relative risks of the estimated future cash flows. Such fair value also included an estimated discount for a lack of marketability of   10.0%  . The Company classified this as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of these significant unobservable inputs. 
    
  The acquisition date fair value of the consideration for the   55%   interest that the Company did not already own was $  265.8   million, consisting of $  263.0   million paid in cash and the elimination of a $  2.8   million pre-acquisition receivable owed to the Company by TH China. Together with the fair value of the Company s   45%   interest, the total fair value of TH China was $  471.4   million. The estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed included net assets of $  102.7   million (including $  105.3   million of cash acquired), $  110.6   million of other intangible assets and $  258.1   million of goodwill. The goodwill of $  258.1   million was assigned to the Company s Tommy Hilfiger International segment. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  
    
  The other intangible assets of $  110.6   million as of April 13, 2016 included reacquired license rights of $  72.0   million, order backlog of $  26.2   million and customer relationships of $  12.4   million, which are subject to amortization on a straight-line basis over 2.7 years, 0.8 years and 10.0 years, respectively. The Company is still in the process of finalizing the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed; thus, the allocation of the acquisition consideration is subject to change.  

4.  ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 
    
  On November 30, 2016, the Company and Grupo Axo, S.A.P.I. de C.V. ( Grupo Axo ) formed a joint venture ( PVH Mexico ) that licenses from wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company the rights to distribute in Mexico certain   Calvin Klein  ,   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Warner s  ,   Olga   and   Speedo   brand products. The transaction had received regulatory approval earlier in November 2016. The joint venture was formed by merging the Company s wholly owned subsidiary that principally operated and managed the Calvin Klein business in Mexico (the  Mexico business ) with the wholly owned subsidiary of Grupo Axo that distributes certain   Tommy Hilfiger   brand products in Mexico. In connection with the formation of PVH Mexico, in which the Company acquired a   49%   economic interest, the Company deconsolidated the Mexico business (the  Mexico deconsolidation ) in the fourth quarter and will account for its   49%   interest under the equity method of accounting. 
    
  The Company classified the assets and liabilities of the Mexico business as held for sale as of   October 30, 2016   and recorded a pre-tax noncash loss of $  76.9   million during the third quarter of 2016 to reduce the carrying value of the Mexico business (including foreign currency translation adjustment losses of $  47.2   million recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss ( AOCL )) to its estimated fair value, less costs to sell, of $  70.3   million. The fair value of the Mexico business was estimated as the fair value of the   49%   interest in PVH Mexico that the Company would acquire upon the formation of PVH Mexico, based on future operating cash flow projections that were discounted at a rate of   15.0%  , which accounted for the relative risks of the estimated future cash flows. Such fair value also included an estimated discount for a lack of marketability of   10.0%  . The Company classified this as a Level 3 fair value measurement due to the use of these significant unobservable inputs. 
  
    6 

The loss is included in other noncash (loss) gain, net in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . The loss will be remeasured in connection with the closing of the transaction in the fourth quarter and will be impacted by many factors subsequent to   October 30, 2016  , including, but not limited to, fluctuations in the Mexican peso exchange rate and changes to the Mexico business s balance sheet, revenues and income.  
    
  The assets and liabilities of the Mexico business classified as held for sale in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   October 30, 2016   were principally included in the Calvin Klein North America segment and consisted of the following: 
    
                     (In millions) 
      
      Assets held for sale: 
      
          Trade receivables 
    $ 
    20.3 
      
          Other receivables  
    1.6 
      
          Inventories, net 
    22.4 
      
          Prepaid expenses 
    2.2 
      
          Other current assets 
    1.0 
      
          Property, plant and equipment, net 
    6.8 
      
          Goodwill 
    21.5 
      
          Other intangibles, net 
    47.4 
      
          Other noncurrent assets 
    2.8 
      
          Allowance for reduction of assets held for sale 
    (76.9 
    ) 
      Total assets held for sale 
    $ 
    49.1 

Liabilities related to assets held for sale: 
      
          Accounts payable 
    $ 
    4.0 
      
          Accrued expenses 
    7.2 
      
          Other noncurrent liabilities 
    14.8 
      
      Total liabilities related to assets held for sale 
    $ 
    26.0 

During 2015, one of the Company s European subsidiaries entered into an agreement to sell a building in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Company classified the building as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2015 and ceased recording depreciation on the building at that time. The building had a carrying value of $  14.7   million as of   January 31, 2016  , which was determined to be lower than the fair value, less costs to sell, and was included in the Calvin Klein International segment. 
    
  The Company completed the sale of the building on July 4, 2016 for proceeds of    15.0   million (approximately $  16.7   million based on the exchange rate in effect on that date) and recorded a gain of $  1.5   million, which represented the excess of the proceeds, less costs to sell, over the carrying value on that date. The gain was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Income Statement during the second quarter of 2016 and was included in the Calvin Klein International segment. 

5.  REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
    
  On June 29, 2016, the Company and Arvind Limited ( Arvind ) formed a joint venture in Ethiopia, PVH Arvind Manufacturing Private Limited Company ( PVH Ethiopia ), in which the Company owns a   75%   interest. The Company has consolidated the joint venture in its consolidated financial statements. PVH Ethiopia was formed to operate a manufacturing facility that will produce finished products for the Company for distribution primarily in the United States. The Company expects the manufacturing facility will begin operations in 2017.  
    
  The shareholders agreement entered into by the parties to the joint venture (the  Shareholders Agreement ) contains a put option under which Arvind can require the Company to purchase all of its shares in the joint venture during various future periods as specified in the Shareholders Agreement. The first such period immediately precedes the ninth anniversary of the date of incorporation of PVH Ethiopia. The Shareholders Agreement also contains call options under which the Company can require Arvind to sell to the Company (i) all or a portion of its shares during various future periods as specified in the  
  
    7 

Shareholders Agreement; (ii) all of its shares in the event of a change of control of Arvind; or (iii) all of its shares in the event that Arvind ceases to hold at least   ten percent   of the outstanding shares. The Company s first call option referred to in clause (i) immediately follows the fifth anniversary of the date of incorporation of PVH Ethiopia. The put and call prices are the fair market value of the shares on the redemption date based upon a multiple of the joint venture s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the prior 12 months, less the joint venture s net debt. 
    
  The fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest ( RNCI ) as of the date of formation of the joint venture was $  0.1   million. The carrying amount of the RNCI is adjusted to equal the redemption amount at the end of each reporting period, provided that this amount at the end of each reporting period cannot be lower than the initial fair value. Such changes in the redemption amount of the RNCI are recognized immediately as they occur, since it is probable that the RNCI will become redeemable in the future based on the passage of time. Any adjustment to the redemption amount of the RNCI is determined after attribution of net income of the RNCI and will be recognized immediately in retained earnings of the Company. The carrying amount of the RNCI increased to $  1.2   million as of   October 30, 2016  , principally attributable to contributions of   $1.2   million made by Arvind during the third quarter of 2016 for its proportionate share of the joint venture funding.  

6.  INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES 
    
  Karl Lagerfeld 
  The Company acquired an economic interest of approximately   10%   in the parent company of the   Karl Lagerfeld   brand ( Karl Lagerfeld ) during 2014 for $  18.9   million. During the first quarter of 2016, a third party acquired a minority stake in Karl Lagerfeld, diluting the Company s economic interest to approximately   8%  . The Company has significant influence as defined under FASB guidance with respect to this investment, which is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
  PVH Australia 
  The Company formed a joint venture, PVH Brands Australia Pty. Limited ( PVH Australia ), in 2013 with Gazal Corporation Limited ( Gazal ) in which the Company owns a   50%   economic interest. The joint venture has licensed from a subsidiary of the Company since the first quarter of 2014 the rights to distribute and sell certain   Calvin Klein   brand products in Australia, New Zealand and other island nations in the South Pacific. As part of the transaction, the Company contributed to PVH Australia its subsidiaries that were operating the Calvin Klein Jeans businesses in Australia and New Zealand.  
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, the Company completed a transaction in which the   Tommy Hilfiger   and   Van Heusen   trademarks in Australia were licensed for certain product categories to subsidiaries of PVH Australia for use in Australia, New Zealand and, in the case of   Tommy Hilfiger  , other island nations in the South Pacific. The   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks had previously been licensed to a third party and the   Van Heusen   trademarks had previously been licensed to Gazal. Additionally, subsidiaries of PVH Australia license other trademarks for certain product categories. 
    
  The Company made payments of $  21.0   million to PVH Australia during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015  , which represented its   50%   share of the joint venture funding for the period. This investment is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
    
  Gazal 
    
  The Company acquired approximately   10%   of the outstanding capital stock of Gazal, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, during the third quarter of 2016 for approximately $  9.2   million. The Company has significant influence as defined under FASB guidance with respect to this investment, which is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Gazal is also the Company s joint venture partner in PVH Australia.  
    
  CK India 
    
  The Company acquired in 2013 a   51%   economic interest in a Calvin Klein joint venture in India that has since been renamed Calvin Klein Arvind Fashion Private Limited ( CK India ). CK India licenses from a subsidiary of the Company the rights to the   Calvin Klein   trademarks in India for certain product categories. CK India was consolidated in the Company s financial statements during 2013. During the first quarter of 2014, Arvind purchased the Company s prior joint venture partners  shares in CK India and, as a result of the entry into a shareholder agreement with different governing arrangements between the Company and Arvind, the Company no longer was deemed to hold a controlling interest in the joint venture. CK India was deconsolidated as a result and the Company began reporting its   51%   interest as an equity method investment in the first quarter of 2014.  
  
    8 

The Company made payments of $  1.5   million and $  4.0   million to CK India during the   thirty-nine weeks ended   October 30, 2016 and November 1, 2015, respectively, to contribute its   51%   share of the joint venture funding for the periods.  
    
  TH Brazil    
    
  The Company formed a joint venture, Tommy Hilfiger do Brasil S.A. ( TH Brazil ), in Brazil in 2012, in which the Company owns a   40%   economic interest. TH Brazil licenses from a subsidiary of the Company the rights to the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks in Brazil for certain product categories. This investment is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
    
  The Company made payments of $  1.5   million and $  1.6   million to TH Brazil during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, to contribute its   40%   share of the joint venture funding for the periods. 
    
  The Company issued a note receivable due April 2, 2017 to TH Brazil during the third quarter of 2016 for $  12.5   million. As of   October 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the note was   14.00%   and the outstanding balance, including accrued interest, was $  12.9   million.   
    
  TH India 
    
  The Company acquired in 2011 a   50%   economic interest in a company that has since been renamed Tommy Hilfiger Arvind Fashion Private Limited ( TH India ). TH India licenses from a subsidiary of the Company the rights to the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks in India for certain product categories. This investment is being accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Arvind, the Company s joint venture partner in PVH Ethiopia and in CK India, is also the Company s joint venture partner in TH India. 
    
  TH China 
    
  The Company formed TH China as a joint venture in 2010. This investment was accounted for under the equity method of accounting until April 13, 2016, on which date the Company acquired the   55%   of the ownership interests in TH China that it did not already own. Please see   Note 3  ,  Acquisitions,  for a further discussion.    
    
  Total Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
    
  Included in other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   is $  119.2   million (of which $  12.9   million related to the note receivable due from TH Brazil), $  140.7   million (of which $  52.9   million related to TH China) and $  143.1   million (of which $  53.4   million related to TH China), respectively, related to these investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 

9 

7.  GOODWILL 
    
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  , by segment (please see   Note 18  ,  Segment Data,  for a further discussion of the Company s reportable segments), were as follows: 

The Company is required to make contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Calvin Klein in connection with the Company s acquisition in 2003 of all of the issued and outstanding stock of Calvin Klein, Inc. and certain affiliated companies (collectively,  Calvin Klein ). Such payments are based on   1.15%   of total worldwide net sales, as defined in the acquisition agreement (as amended), of products bearing any of the   Calvin Klein   brands and are required to be made with respect to sales made through February 12, 2018. A significant portion of the sales on which the payments to Mr. Klein are made are wholesale sales by the Company and its licensees and other partners to retailers. 
    
  In anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation, the Company reclassified $  21.5   million of goodwill to assets held for sale in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   October 30, 2016  . Please see   Note 4  ,  Assets Held For Sale,  for a further discussion.    

8.  RETIREMENT AND BENEFIT PLANS 
    
  The Company has   five   qualified defined benefit pension plans as of   October 30, 2016   covering substantially all employees resident in the United States who meet certain age and service requirements. The plans provide monthly benefits upon retirement generally based on career average compensation and years of credited service. Vesting in plan benefits generally occurs after   five   years of service. The Company refers to these five noncontributory plans as its  Pension Plans.   
    
  The Company also has for certain members of Tommy Hilfiger s domestic senior management a supplemental executive retirement plan, which is an unfunded non-qualified supplemental defined benefit pension plan. Such plan is frozen and, as a result, participants do not accrue additional benefits. In addition, the Company has a capital accumulation program, which is an unfunded non-qualified supplemental defined benefit plan. Under the individual participants  agreements, the participants in this plan will receive a predetermined amount during the   10   years following the attainment of age   65  , provided that prior to the termination of employment with the Company, the participant has been in the plan for at least   10   years and has attained age   55  . The Company also has for certain employees resident in the United States who meet certain age and service requirements an unfunded non-qualified supplemental defined benefit pension plan, which provides benefits for compensation in excess of Internal Revenue Service earnings limits and requires payments to vested employees upon, or shortly after, employment termination or retirement. The Company refers to these   three   noncontributory plans as its  SERP Plans.  

10 

The Company also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain retirees resident in the United States. Retirees contribute to the cost of this plan, which is unfunded. During 2002, the postretirement plan was amended to eliminate the Company contribution, which partially subsidized benefits, for active participants who, as of January 1, 2003, had not attained age   55   and   10   years of service. As a result of the Company s acquisition of The Warnaco Group, Inc. ( Warnaco ) in 2013, the Company also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain Warnaco retirees resident in the United States. Retirees contribute to the cost of this plan, which is unfunded. This plan was frozen on January 1, 2014. The Company refers to these   two   plans as its  Postretirement Plans.  
    
  Net benefit cost related to the Pension Plans was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements as follows: 

Net benefit cost related to the SERP Plans was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements as follows: 

Net benefit cost related to the Postretirement Plans was recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements as follows: 

The Company made contributions of $  6.9   million to its Pension Plans in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 and expects to make additional contributions of $  93.1   million during the remainder of 2016. The Company s actual contributions may differ from planned contributions due to many factors including changes in tax and other benefit laws, or significant differences between expected and actual pension asset performance or interest rates. 
    
  In September 2016, the Company offered approximately   3,400   vested participants in the Pension Plans, whose employment has been terminated, a one-time opportunity to elect a lump-sum payment of their accrued pension benefit from the Pension Plans. Approximately   950   such participants elected to receive the lump-sum payment. Payments will be made in December 2016 using assets from the Pension Plans. The lump-sum payments will result in a settlement of the Company s benefit obligation, which will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016 when the payments are made. 

11 

9.  DEBT 
    
  Short-Term Borrowings 
    
  One of the Company s Asian subsidiaries has yen-denominated short-term lines of credit and overdraft facilities with a number of Japanese banks at various interest rates that provide for borrowings of up to    2,200.0   million (approximately $  20.9   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and are utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had $  19.0   million of borrowings outstanding under this facility. The weighted average interest rate on the funds borrowed at   October 30, 2016   was   0.44  %. The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  19.4   million. 
    
  One of the Company s Asian subsidiaries has a won-denominated overdraft facility with a South Korean bank that provides for borrowings of up to    3,500.0   million (approximately $  3.1   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility are unsecured and bear interest at the South Korean bank three-month certificate of deposit rate plus   1.50%  . There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of the Company s Asian subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term revolving credit facility with a bank that provides for borrowings of up to   $10.0   million and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the one-month London interbank borrowing rate ( LIBOR ) plus   1.50%  . At the end of each month, amounts outstanding under this facility may be carried forward for additional one-month periods for up to one year. This facility is subject to certain terms and conditions and may be terminated at any time at the discretion of the bank. There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of the Company s European subsidiaries has euro-denominated short-term revolving notes with a number of banks at various interest rates, as well as overdraft facilities, that provide for borrowings of up to    60.0   million (approximately $  65.5   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and are utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. There were no borrowings outstanding under these facilities as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of the Company s European subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a bank that provides for borrowings of up to $  3.4   million and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at   13.50%  . There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  .  
    
  One of the Company s European subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a Turkish bank that provides for borrowings of up to $  3.7   million and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the Turkish overnight lending rate plus   3.00%  . As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had $  1.8   million of borrowings outstanding under this facility. The weighted average interest rate on the funds borrowed at   October 30, 2016   was   14.25%  . The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  3.3   million. 
    
  One of the Company s European subsidiaries has a Turkish lira-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a Turkish bank that provides for borrowings of up to lira   3.0   million (approximately $  1.0   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the Turkish overnight lending rate plus   4.00%  . As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had no borrowings outstanding under this facility. The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  0.9   million. 
    
  One of the Company s Latin American subsidiaries has a Brazilian real-denominated short-term revolving credit facility with a Brazilian bank that provides for borrowings of up to   R$25.0   million (approximately $  7.8   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility are unsecured. There were no borrowings outstanding as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company also has the ability to draw revolving borrowings under its senior secured credit facilities as discussed in the section entitled  2016 Senior Secured Credit Facilities  below. As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had no borrowings outstanding under these facilities. The maximum amount of revolving borrowings outstanding under these facilities during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  15.3   million.  

12 

Long-Term Debt 
    
  The carrying amounts of the Company s long-term debt were as follows: 

Please see   Note 12  ,  Fair Value Measurements,  for the fair value of the Company s long-term debt as of   October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  .  
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company s mandatory long-term debt repayments for the next five years were as follows:  

Total debt repayments for the next five years exceed the carrying amount of the Company s Term Loan A facility as of   October 30, 2016   because the carrying amount reflects the unamortized portions of debt issuance costs and the original issue discounts. 
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , after taking into account the effect of the Company s interest rate swap agreements discussed in the section below entitled  2016 Senior Secured Credit Facilities,  which were in effect as of such date, approximately   65%   of the Company s long-term debt had a fixed interest rate, with the remainder at variable interest rates.  
    
  2014 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  On March 21, 2014, the Company entered into an amendment to its senior secured credit facilities (as amended, the  2014 facilities ). The 2014 facilities consisted of a $  1,986.3   million United States dollar-denominated Term Loan A facility, a $  1,188.6   million United States dollar-denominated Term Loan B facility and senior secured revolving credit facilities consisting of (a) a $  475.0   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility, (b) a $  25.0   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility available in United States dollars or Canadian dollars and (c) a    185.9   million euro-denominated revolving credit facility available in euro, pounds sterling, Japanese yen or Swiss francs.  
    
  On May 19, 2016, the Company amended the 2014 facilities, as discussed in the following section. 
    
  2016 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  On May 19, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ), the Company entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to the 2014 facilities (as amended by the Amendment, the  2016 facilities ). Among other things, the Amendment provided for the Company to borrow an additional $  582.0   million principal amount of loans under the Term Loan A facility, which was increased by $582.0 million, the repayment of all outstanding loans under the Term Loan B facility with the proceeds of the additional loans under the Term Loan A facility, and the termination of the Term Loan B facility. In addition, the Amendment extended the maturity of the Term Loan A and the revolving credit facilities from February 13, 2019 to May 19, 2021.  
  
    13 

The 2016 facilities consist of a $  2,347.4   million United States dollar-denominated Term Loan A facility and the senior secured revolving credit facilities consisting of (a) a $  475.0   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility, (b) a $  25.0   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility available in United States dollars or Canadian dollars and (c) a    185.9   million euro-denominated revolving credit facility available in euro, pounds sterling, Japanese yen or Swiss francs. In connection with entering into the Amendment, the Company paid debt issuance costs of $  10.9   million (of which $  4.6   million was expensed as debt modification costs and $  6.3   million is being amortized over the term of the related debt agreement) and recorded debt extinguishment costs of $  11.2   million to write-off previously capitalized debt issuance costs. 
    
  The revolving credit facilities also include amounts available for letters of credit. As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had $  23.2   million of outstanding letters of credit. There were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facilities. A portion of each of the United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facilities is also available for the making of swingline loans. The issuance of such letters of credit and the making of any swingline loan reduces the amount available under the applicable revolving credit facility. So long as certain conditions are satisfied, the Company may add one or more term loan facilities or increase the commitments under the revolving credit facilities by an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of (1) the sum of (x) $  1,350.0   million plus (y) the aggregate amount of all voluntary prepayments of loans under the Term Loan A and the revolving credit facilities (to the extent, in the case of voluntary prepayments of loans under the revolving credit facilities, there is an equivalent permanent reduction of the revolving commitments) plus (z) an amount equal to the aggregate revolving commitments of any defaulting lender (to the extent the commitments with respect thereto have been terminated) and (2) an additional unlimited amount as long as the ratio of the Company s senior secured net debt to consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (in each case calculated as set forth in the documentation relating to the 2016 facilities) would not exceed 3 to 1 after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such increase. The lenders under the 2016 facilities are not required to provide commitments with respect to such additional facilities or increased commitments. 
    
  The terms of the Term Loan A facility require the Company to make quarterly repayments of amounts outstanding under the 2016 facilities, which commenced with the calendar quarter ended June 30, 2016. Such amounts equal   5.00%   per annum of the principal amount outstanding on the Amendment Date for the first eight calendar quarters following the Amendment Date,   7.50%   per annum of the principal amount for the four calendar quarters thereafter and   10.00%   per annum of the principal amount for the remaining calendar quarters, in each case paid in equal installments and in each case subject to certain customary adjustments, with the balance due on the maturity date of the Term Loan A facility. 
    
  The Company made payments of $  251.3   million and $  200.5   million during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, on its term loans under the 2016 and 2014 facilities. As a result of the voluntary repayments made by the Company, as of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had satisfied its mandatory long-term debt repayment requirements for the next twelve months. The Company had term loans outstanding of $  2,138.0   million, net of original issue discounts and debt issuance costs, as of   October 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company s obligations under the 2016 facilities are guaranteed by substantially all of its existing and future direct and indirect United States subsidiaries, with certain exceptions. Obligations of the European borrower under the 2016 facilities are guaranteed by the Company, substantially all of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect United States subsidiaries (with certain exceptions) and Tommy Hilfiger Europe B.V., one of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company and its United States subsidiary guarantors have pledged certain of their assets as security for the obligations under the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The outstanding borrowings under the 2016 facilities are prepayable at any time without penalty (other than customary breakage costs). The terms of the 2016 facilities require the Company to repay certain amounts outstanding thereunder with (a) net cash proceeds of the incurrence of certain indebtedness, (b) net cash proceeds of certain asset sales or other dispositions (including as a result of casualty or condemnation) that exceed certain thresholds, to the extent such proceeds are not reinvested or committed to be reinvested in the business in accordance with customary reinvestment provisions, and (c) a percentage of excess cash flow that exceeds the voluntary debt payments the Company has made during the applicable year, which percentage is based upon its net leverage ratio during the relevant fiscal period. 
    
  The United States dollar-denominated borrowings under the 2016 facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, as determined at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the United States federal funds rate plus 1/2 of   1.00%   and (iii) a one-month adjusted Eurocurrency rate plus   1.00%   or (b) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities.  
    
  The Canadian dollar-denominated borrowings under the 2016 facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, as determined at the Company s option, either (a) a Canadian prime rate determined by reference to the greater of (i) the rate of  
  
    14 

interest per annum that Royal Bank of Canada establishes at its main office in Toronto, Ontario as the reference rate of interest in order to determine interest rates for loans in Canadian dollars to its Canadian borrowers and (ii) the sum of (x) the average of the rates per annum for Canadian dollar bankers  acceptances having a term of one month that appears on the display referred to as  CDOR Page  of Reuters Monitor Money Rate Services as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time) on the date of determination, as reported by the administrative agent (and if such screen is not available, any successor or similar service as may be selected by the administrative agent), and (y)   0.75%  , or (b) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The borrowings under the 2016 facilities in currencies other than United States dollars or Canadian dollars bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The current applicable margin with respect to the Term Loan A facility and each revolving credit facility is   1.50%   for adjusted Eurocurrency rate loans and   0.50%   for base rate loans, respectively. After the date of delivery of the compliance certificate and financial statements with respect to each of the Company s fiscal quarters, the applicable margin for borrowings under the Term Loan A facility and the revolving credit facilities is subject to adjustment based upon the Company s net leverage ratio.  
    
  The 2016 facilities contain customary events of default, including but not limited to nonpayment; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violations of covenants; certain bankruptcies and liquidations; cross-default to material indebtedness; certain material judgments; certain events related to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; certain events related to certain of the guarantees by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and certain pledges of the Company s assets and those of certain of the Company s subsidiaries, as security for the obligations under the 2016 facilities; and a change in control (as defined in the 2016 facilities). 
    
  During the second quarter of 2014, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement for an 18-month term commencing on August 18, 2014. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of capping the interest rate on an initial notional amount of $  514.2   million of the Company s variable rate debt obligation under the 2014 facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms. Under the terms of this agreement, the one-month LIBOR that the Company paid was capped at a rate of   1.50%  . Therefore, the maximum amount of interest that the Company would have paid on the then-outstanding notional amount was at the   1.50%   capped rate, plus the current applicable margin. The agreement expired on February 17, 2016. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2014, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a two-year term commencing on February 17, 2016. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of converting an initial notional amount of $  682.6   million of the Company s variable rate debt obligation under the 2014 facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms, including the 2016 facilities, to fixed rate debt. Such agreement remains outstanding with a notional amount of $  1,067.7   million as of   October 30, 2016  , and is now converting a portion of the Company s variable rate debt obligation under the 2016 facilities to fixed rate debt. Under the terms of the agreement for the then-outstanding notional amount, the Company s exposure to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR is eliminated and the Company will pay a weighted average fixed rate of   1.924%  , plus the current applicable margin.  
    
  During the second quarter of 2013, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a three-year term commencing on August 19, 2013. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of converting an initial notional amount of $  1,228.8   million of the Company s variable rate debt obligation under the Company s previously outstanding facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms, including the 2016 facilities, to fixed rate debt. Under the terms of the agreement for the then-outstanding notional amount, the Company s exposure to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR was eliminated and the Company paid a fixed rate of   0.604%  , plus the current applicable margin. The agreement expired on August 17, 2016. 
    
  The notional amount of any outstanding interest rate swap will be adjusted according to a pre-set schedule during the term of the applicable swap agreement such that, based on the Company s projections for future debt repayments, the Company s outstanding debt under the Term Loan A facility is expected to always equal or exceed the combined notional amount of the then-outstanding interest rate swaps.  
  
    15 

The 2016 facilities also contain covenants that restrict the Company s ability to finance future operations or capital needs, to take advantage of other business opportunities that may be in its interest or to satisfy its obligations under its other outstanding debt. These covenants restrict its ability to, among other things: 

incur or guarantee additional debt or extend credit; 
                
    make restricted payments, including paying dividends or making distributions on, or redeeming or repurchasing, the Company s capital stock or certain debt; 
                
    make acquisitions and investments; 
                
    dispose of assets; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates; 
                
    enter into agreements restricting the Company s subsidiaries  ability to pay dividends; 
                
    create liens on the Company s assets or engage in sale/leaseback transactions; and 
                
    effect a consolidation or merger, or sell, transfer, or lease all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
       
  The 2016 facilities require the Company to comply with certain financial covenants, including minimum interest coverage and maximum net leverage. A breach of any of these operating or financial covenants would result in a default under the applicable facility. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable which would result in acceleration of its other debt. If the Company were unable to repay any such borrowings when due, the lenders could proceed against their collateral, which also secures some of the Company s other indebtedness.  
    
  4 1/2% Senior Notes Due 2022 
    
  On December 20, 2012, the Company issued   $700.0   million principal amount of   4 1/2%   senior notes due December 15, 2022. The Company paid $  16.3   million of fees during 2013 in connection with the issuance of these notes, which are amortized over the term of the notes. The Company may redeem some or all of these notes at any time prior to December 15, 2017 by paying a  make whole  premium plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem some or all of these notes on or after December 15, 2017 at specified redemption prices plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Company s ability to pay cash dividends and make other restricted payments is limited, in each case, over specified amounts as defined in the indenture governing the notes.  
    
  7 3/4% Debentures Due 2023    
    
  The Company has outstanding   $100.0   million of debentures due November 15, 2023 with a yield to maturity of   7.80%  . The debentures accrue interest at the rate of   7 3/4%  . Pursuant to the indenture governing the debentures, the Company must maintain a certain level of stockholders  equity in order to pay cash dividends and make other restricted payments, as defined in the indenture governing the debentures. 
    
  3 5/8% Euro Senior Notes Due 2024  
    
  On June 20, 2016, the Company issued    350.0   million euro-denominated principal amount of   3 5/8%   senior notes due July 15, 2024. Interest on the notes is payable in euros. The Company paid    6.4   million (approximately $  7.3   million based on exchange rates in effect on the payment date) of fees during the second quarter of 2016 in connection with the issuance of these notes, which are amortized over the term of the notes. The Company may redeem some or all of these notes at any time prior to April 15, 2024 by paying a  make whole  premium plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem some or all of these notes on or after April 15, 2024 at their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest.  
    
  Substantially all of the Company s assets have been pledged as collateral to secure the Company s obligations under its senior secured credit facilities, the   7 3/4%   debentures due 2023 and contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Calvin Klein as discussed in   Note 7  ,  Goodwill.  

16 

10.  INCOME TAXES 
    
  The effective income tax rates for the   thirteen weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   were   25.3%   and   1.9%  , respectively. The effective income tax rates for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   were   18.4%   and   12.2%  , respectively. 
  The effective income tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 were lower than the United States statutory rate due to the benefit of overall lower tax rates in international jurisdictions where the Company files tax returns and the benefit of discrete items, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the tax expense recorded in the third quarter of 2016 on the assets held for sale in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. Also contributing to the lower effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 was the lower tax rate applicable to the pre-tax gain recorded to write-up the Company s existing equity investment in TH China to fair value. 
  The effective income tax rates for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   were lower than the United States statutory rate due to the benefit of overall lower tax rates in international jurisdictions where the Company files tax returns and the benefit of discrete items, including the favorable impact on certain liabilities for uncertain tax positions from the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation. 
   
  11.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  The Company has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to anticipated cash flows associated with certain international inventory purchases. The Company periodically uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge against a portion of this exposure.  
    
  The Company also has exposure to interest rate volatility related to its term loans under the 2016 facilities. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge against a portion of this exposure. The Company had also entered into an interest rate cap agreement, which expired on February 17, 2016. Please see   Note 9  ,  Debt,  for a further discussion of the Company s facilities and these agreements.  
    
  The Company records the foreign currency forward exchange contracts and interest rate contracts at fair value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets, and does not net the related assets and liabilities. Changes in fair value of the foreign currency forward exchange contracts associated with certain international inventory purchases and the interest rate contracts that are designated as effective hedging instruments (collectively referred to as  cash flow hedges ) are recorded in equity as a component of AOCL. The cash flows from such hedges are presented in the same category in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the items being hedged. No amounts were excluded from effectiveness testing. There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  . 
    
  Net Investment Hedge 
    
  The Company has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to the value of its investments in foreign subsidiaries denominated in a currency other than the United States dollar. To hedge against a portion of this exposure, during the second quarter of 2016, the Company designated the carrying amount of its    350.0   million euro-denominated principal amount of 3 5/8% senior notes due 2024 (the  foreign currency borrowings ) that it had issued in the United States as a net investment hedge of its investments in certain of its foreign subsidiaries that use the euro as their functional currency. Please see   Note 9  ,  Debt,  for a further discussion of the Company s foreign currency borrowings. 
    
  The Company records the foreign currency borrowings at carrying value in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying value of the foreign currency borrowings is remeasured at the end of each reporting period to reflect changes in the foreign currency exchange spot rate. Since the foreign currency borrowings are designated as a net investment hedge, such remeasurement is recorded in equity as a component of AOCL. As of   October 30, 2016  , the fair value and the carrying value of the foreign currency borrowings designated as a net investment hedge were $  403.3   million and $  375.6   million, respectively. The Company evaluates the effectiveness of its net investment hedge as of the beginning of each quarter. No amounts were excluded from effectiveness testing. There was no ineffective portion of the net investment hedge during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 

17 

Undesignated Contracts 
    
  The Company records immediately in earnings changes in the fair value of hedges that are not designated as effective hedging instruments ( undesignated contracts ), including all of the foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to intercompany transactions and intercompany loans that are not of a long-term investment nature. Any gains and losses that are immediately recognized in earnings on such contracts are largely offset by the remeasurement of the underlying intercompany balances.  
    
  In addition, the Company has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to the translation of the earnings of its subsidiaries denominated in a currency other than the United States dollar. To hedge against a portion of this exposure, the Company entered into several foreign currency option contracts during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . These contracts represent the Company s purchase of euro put/United States dollar call options. In connection with the foreign currency option contracts, the Company paid total cash premiums of $  2.3   million during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  The Company s foreign currency option contracts are also undesignated contracts. As such, the changes in the fair value of these foreign currency option contracts are recognized immediately in earnings. This mitigates the effect of a strengthening United States dollar against the euro on the reporting of the Company s euro-denominated earnings. 
    
  The Company does not use derivative or non-derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  The following table summarizes the fair value and presentation of the Company s derivative financial instruments in its Consolidated Balance Sheets:  

At   October 30, 2016  , the notional amount outstanding of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and foreign currency option contracts was   $899.5   million and $  100.0   million, respectively. Such contracts expire principally between November 2016 and January 2018.   

18 

The following table summarizes the effect of the Company s hedges designated as cash flow and net investment hedging instruments: 

A net gain in AOCL on foreign currency forward exchange contracts at   October 30, 2016   of   $10.7   million is estimated to be reclassified in the next 12 months in the Company s Consolidated Income Statement to costs of goods sold as the underlying inventory hedged by such forward exchange contracts is sold. In addition, a net loss in AOCL for interest rate contracts at   October 30, 2016   of   $10.4   million is estimated to be reclassified to interest expense within the next 12 months. Amounts recognized in AOCL for foreign currency borrowings would be recognized in earnings only upon the sale or liquidation of the hedged net investment.    
    
  The following table summarizes the effect of the Company s undesignated contracts recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in its Consolidated Income Statements: 

The Company had no derivative financial instruments with credit risk-related contingent features underlying the related contracts as of   October 30, 2016  . 

19 

12.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  FASB guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. It also establishes a three level hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The three levels of the hierarchy are defined as follows: 
    
  Level 1   Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
    
  Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and inputs derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. 
    
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs reflecting the Company s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available. 
    
  In accordance with the fair value hierarchy described above, the following table shows the fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are required to be remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

The fair value of the foreign currency forward exchange contracts is measured as the total amount of currency to be purchased, multiplied by the difference between (i) the forward rate as of the period end and (ii) the settlement rate specified in each contract. The fair value of the interest rate contracts is based on observable interest rate yield curves and represents the expected discounted cash flows underlying the financial instruments. The fair value of the foreign currency option contracts is estimated based on external valuation models, which do not involve management judgment and use the original strike price, current foreign currency exchange rates, the implied volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and length of time to expiration as inputs.  
    
  Pursuant to the agreement governing the reacquisition of the rights in India to the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks (which the Company entered into in September 2011 in connection with its acquisition of its   50%   ownership of TH India), the Company is required to make annual contingent purchase price payments based on a percentage of sales of   Tommy Hilfiger   products in India in excess of an agreed upon threshold during each of six consecutive 12-month periods. Such payments are subject to a $  25.0   million aggregate maximum and are due within 60 days following each one-year period. The Company made annual contingent purchase price payments of $  0.6   million and   $0.6   million during 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company is required to remeasure this liability at fair value on a recurring basis and classifies this as a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of such liability was determined using the discounted cash flow method, based on net sales projections for the Tommy Hilfiger  
  
    20 

apparel and accessories businesses in India, and was discounted using rates of return that account for the relative risks of the estimated future cash flows. Excluding the initial recognition of the liability for the contingent purchase price payments and payments made to reduce the liability, changes in the fair value are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements. 
    
  The following table presents the change in the Level 3 contingent purchase price payment liability during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  : 

Additional information with respect to assumptions used to value the contingent purchase price payment liability as of   October 30, 2016   is as follows: 
                     Unobservable Inputs 
      
    Amount 
      Approximate compounded annual net sales growth rate 
      
    35.0 
    % 
      Approximate 
  discount rate 
      
    15.0 
    % 

A five percentage point increase or decrease in the discount rate or the compounded annual net sales growth rate would result in an immaterial change to the liability. 
    
  There were no transfers between any levels of the fair value hierarchy for any of the Company s fair value measurements.  
    
  The following table shows the fair value of the Company s non-financial assets and liabilities that were required to be remeasured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis (consisting of property, plant and equipment) during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , and the total impairments recorded as a result of the remeasurement process: 

Long-lived assets with a carrying amount of $  7.0   million were written down to a fair value of   $0   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   in connection with the financial performance in certain of the Company s retail stores. Fair value was determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows associated with the assets using sales trends and market participant assumptions. The impairment charge of $  7.0   million was included in selling, general and administrative expenses, of which $  0.7   million was recorded in the Calvin Klein North America segment, $  1.7   million was recorded in the Calvin Klein International segment, $  1.3   million was recorded in the Tommy Hilfiger North America segment and $  3.3   million was recorded in the Tommy Hilfiger International segment. 
    
  Long-lived assets with a carrying amount of $  2.8   million were written down to a fair value of   $0   during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   in connection with the financial performance in certain of the Company s retail stores. Fair value was determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows associated with the assets using sales trends and market participant assumptions. The impairment charge of $  2.8   million was included in selling, general and administrative expenses, of which $  2.0   million was recorded in the Calvin Klein North America segment, $  0.5   million was recorded in the Calvin Klein International segment and $  0.3   million was recorded in the Tommy Hilfiger International segment. 

21 

The Company is deemed to have guaranteed lease payments for substantially all G. H. Bass   Co. ( Bass ) retail stores included in the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company s Bass business in the fourth quarter of 2013 pursuant to the terms of noncancelable leases expiring on various dates through   2022  . These obligations deemed to be guaranteed include minimum rent payments and relate to leases that commenced prior to the sale of the Bass assets. In certain instances, the Company s obligations remain in effect when an option is exercised to extend the term of the lease. The estimated fair value of these obligations as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   was $  1.1   million, $  1.9   million and $  2.1   million, respectively, which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company classifies these as Level 3 measurements. The fair value of such obligations was determined using the discounted cash flow method, based on the lease payments, the estimated probability of lease extensions and estimates of the risk of default by the buyer of the Bass assets, and was discounted using rates of return that account for the relative risks of the estimated future cash flows. 
    
  The carrying amounts and the fair values of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowings and long-term debt as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   were as follows: 

The fair values of cash and cash equivalents and short-term borrowings approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company estimates the fair value of its long-term debt using quoted market prices as of the last business day of the applicable quarter. The Company classifies the measurement of its long-term debt as a Level 1 measurement. The carrying amounts of long-term debt reflect the unamortized portions of debt issuance costs and the original issue discounts. 

13.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  
    
  The Company grants stock-based awards under its 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2006 Plan ). The 2006 Plan replaced certain other prior stock option plans. These other plans terminated upon the 2006 Plan s initial stockholder approval in June 2006. Shares issued as a result of stock-based compensation transactions generally have been funded with the issuance of new shares of the Company s common stock. 
    
  The Company may grant the following types of incentive awards under the 2006 Plan: (i) non-qualified stock options ( NQs  (ii) incentive stock options ( ISOs  (iii) stock appreciation rights; (iv) restricted stock; (v) restricted stock units ( RSUs  (vi) performance shares; (vii) performance share units ( PSUs  and (viii) other stock-based awards. Each award granted under the 2006 Plan is subject to an award agreement that incorporates, as applicable, the exercise price, the term of the award, the periods of restriction, the number of shares to which the award pertains, performance periods and performance measures, and such other terms and conditions as the plan committee determines. 
    
  Through   October 30, 2016  , the Company has granted under the 2006 Plan (i) service-based NQs, RSUs and restricted stock; (ii) contingently issuable PSUs; and (iii) RSUs that are intended to satisfy the performance-based condition for deductibility under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. According to the terms of the 2006 Plan, for purposes of determining the number of shares available for grant, each share underlying a stock option award reduces the number available by   one   share and each share underlying a restricted stock award, RSU or PSU reduces the number available by   two   shares. The per share exercise price of options granted under the 2006 Plan cannot be less than the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant.  
    
  Net income for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   included $  28.9   million and $  31.4   million, respectively, of pre-tax expense related to stock-based compensation, with recognized income tax benefits of $  8.7   million and $  7.9   million, respectively. 

22 

Stock options currently outstanding are generally exercisable in   four   equal annual installments commencing one year after the date of grant. The vesting of such options outstanding is also generally accelerated upon retirement (as defined in the 2006 Plan). Such options are granted with a   10  -year term. 
    
  The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton model. The estimated fair value of the options, net of estimated forfeitures, is expensed over the options  vesting periods.  
    
  The following summarizes the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of service-based stock options granted during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  : 

The risk-free interest rate is based on United States Treasury yields in effect at the date of grant for periods corresponding to the expected option term. The expected option term represents the weighted average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, based on vesting schedules and the contractual term of the options. Company volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over a period of time corresponding to the expected option term. Expected dividends are based on the Company s common stock cash dividend rate at the date of grant.  
    
  The Company has continued to utilize the simplified method to estimate the expected term for its  plain vanilla  stock options granted due to a lack of relevant historical data resulting, in part, from changes in the pool of employees receiving option grants, mainly due to acquisitions. The Company will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of utilizing such method. 
    
  Service-based stock option activity for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was as follows: 

RSUs granted to employees in 2016 generally vest in four equal annual installments commencing one year after the date of grant. Outstanding RSUs granted to employees prior to 2016 generally vest in   three   annual installments of   25%  ,   25%   and   50%   commencing   two   years after the date of grant. Service-based RSUs granted to non-employee directors vest in full   one   year after the date of grant. The underlying RSU award agreements (excluding agreements for non-employee director awards) generally provide for accelerated vesting upon the award recipient s retirement (as defined in the 2006 Plan). The fair value of RSUs is equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and is expensed, net of estimated forfeitures, over the RSUs  vesting periods.   

23 

RSU activity for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was as follows: 

The Company granted contingently issuable PSUs to certain of the Company s senior executives during 2013 and 2014 subject to the achievement of an earnings per share goal for the two-year performance period beginning with the year of grant and a service period of   one   year beyond the certification of performance. For the awards granted in 2014, the two-year performance period has ended and the holders did not earn any shares based on earnings per share growth over the performance period. For the awards granted in 2013, the holders earned an aggregate of   26,000   shares, which were paid out in 2016. For such awards, the Company recorded expense ratably over each applicable vesting period based on fair value and the Company s expectations of the probable number of shares to be issued. The fair value of these contingently issuable PSUs was equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, reduced for the present value of any dividends expected to be paid on the Company s common stock during the performance cycle, as these contingently issuable PSUs did not accrue dividends prior to the completion of the performance cycle. 
    
  In addition, the Company granted contingently issuable PSUs to certain of the Company s executives during 2013 and to certain of the Company s senior executives during 2015 and 2016 subject to a three-year performance period. For such awards, the final number of shares to be earned, if any, is contingent upon the Company s achievement of goals for the applicable performance period, of which 50% is based upon the Company s absolute stock price growth during the applicable performance period and 50% is based upon the Company s total shareholder return during the applicable performance period relative to other companies included in the S P 500 as of the date of grant. For the awards granted in 2013, the performance period ended on May 5, 2016 and the holders did not earn any shares, as the Company did not achieve either of the threshold performance levels required for payout. The Company records expense ratably over the applicable vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures, regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied because the awards are subject to market conditions. The fair value of the awards granted in 2016 and 2015 was established for each grant on the grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation model, which was based on the following assumptions: 

Certain of the awards granted in 2016 are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date. For such awards, the grant date fair value was discounted   12.99%   for the restriction of liquidity.  
    
  PSU activity for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was as follows: 

24 

The Company receives a tax deduction for certain transactions associated with its stock plan awards. The actual income tax benefits realized from these transactions for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   were $  6.6   million and $  10.8   million, respectively. Of those amounts, $  0.9   million and $  5.0   million, respectively, were reported as excess tax benefits. Excess tax benefits arise when the actual tax benefit resulting from a stock plan award transaction exceeds the tax benefit associated with the grant date fair value of the related stock award.  

14.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
    
  The following table presents the changes in AOCL, net of related taxes, by component for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  : 

The following table presents the changes in AOCL, net of related taxes, by component for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015  : 

25 

The following table presents reclassifications out of AOCL to earnings for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  : 

15.  STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
    
  The Company s Board of Directors authorized a $  500.0   million   three-year   stock repurchase program effective June 3, 2015. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time over the period through open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions or other methods, as the Company deems appropriate. Purchases are made based on a variety of factors, such as price, corporate requirements and overall market conditions, applicable legal requirements and limitations, restrictions under the Company s debt arrangements, trading restrictions under the Company s insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be modified, including to increase or decrease the repurchase limitation or extend, suspend, or terminate the program, at any time, without prior notice. 
    
  During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , the Company purchased   2.3   million shares and   0.7   million shares, respectively, of its common stock in open market transactions for $  225.8   million and   $75.4   million, respectively. The Company has purchased   3.6   million shares for $  352.0   million under the program since inception. As of   October 30, 2016  , the repurchased shares were held as treasury stock and $  148.0   million of the authorization remained available for future share repurchases. 
    
  Treasury stock activity also includes shares that were withheld in conjunction with the settlement of vested RSUs, PSUs and restricted stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 

26 

16.  NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 
    
  The Company computed its basic and diluted net income per common share as follows: 

Potentially dilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share as the effect would be anti-dilutive were as follows: 

Shares underlying contingently issuable awards that have not met the necessary conditions as of the end of a reporting period are not included in the calculation of diluted net income per common share for that period. The Company had contingently issuable awards outstanding that did not meet the performance conditions as of   October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   and, therefore, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  . The maximum number of potentially dilutive shares that could be issued upon vesting for such awards was   0.1   million and   0.8   million as of   October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively. These amounts were also excluded from the computation of weighted average potentially dilutive securities in the table above.  

17.  NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
    
  During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , the Company recorded increases to goodwill of $  40.3   million and   $38.6   million, respectively, related to liabilities incurred for contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Calvin Klein. Such amounts are not due or paid in cash until 45 days subsequent to the Company s applicable quarter end. As such, during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , the Company paid $  36.4   million and $  34.4   million, respectively, in cash related to contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Calvin Klein that were recorded as additions to goodwill during the periods the liabilities were incurred. 
    
  Omitted from purchases of property, plant and equipment in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   are $  6.3   million and $  4.1   million, respectively, of assets acquired through capital leases. 
    
  Omitted from acquisition of treasury shares in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   is $  3.2   million of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program for which the trades occurred but remained unsettled as of   October 30, 2016  . 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a loss of $  11.2   million to write-off previously capitalized debt issuance costs in connection with the amendment of its credit facilities.  
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of TH China. Included in the acquisition consideration was the elimination of a $  2.8   million pre-acquisition receivable owed to the Company by TH China.   

27 

18.  SEGMENT DATA  
    
  The Company manages its operations through its operating divisions, which are presented as   six   reportable segments: (i) Calvin Klein North America; (ii) Calvin Klein International; (iii) Tommy Hilfiger North America; (iv) Tommy Hilfiger International; (v) Heritage Brands Wholesale; and (vi) Heritage Brands Retail. 
    
  Calvin Klein North America Segment   - This segment consists of the Company s Calvin Klein North America division. This segment derives revenue principally from (i) marketing   Calvin Klein   branded apparel and related products at wholesale in North America, primarily to department and specialty stores and e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers; (ii) operating retail stores, which are primarily located in premium outlet centers in North America, and e-commerce sites in North America, which sell   Calvin Klein   branded apparel, accessories and related products; and (iii) licensing and similar arrangements relating to the use by third parties of the brand names   Calvin Klein, Calvin Klein Collection   and   Calvin Klein     Platinum   for a broad array of products and retail services in North America. 
    
  Calvin Klein International Segment -   This segment consists of the Company s Calvin Klein International division. This segment derives revenue principally from (i) marketing   Calvin Klein   branded apparel and related products at wholesale principally in Europe, Asia and Brazil, primarily to department and specialty stores, e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers, franchisees of   Calvin Klein,   distributors and licensees; (ii) operating retail stores and e-commerce sites in Europe, Asia and Brazil, which sell   Calvin Klein   branded apparel, accessories and related products; and (iii) licensing and similar arrangements relating to the use by third parties of the brand names   Calvin Klein Collection  ,   Calvin Klein Platinum   and   Calvin Klein   for a broad array of products and retail services outside of North America. This segment also includes the Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of its investments in unconsolidated Calvin Klein foreign affiliates in Australia and India. 
    
  Tommy Hilfiger North America Segment   - This segment consists of the Company s Tommy Hilfiger North America division. This segment derives revenue principally from (i) marketing   Tommy Hilfiger   branded apparel and related products at wholesale in North America, primarily to department stores, principally Macy s, Inc. and Hudson s Bay Company, as well as e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers; (ii) operating retail stores, which are primarily located in premium outlet centers in North America, and e-commerce sites in North America, which sell   Tommy Hilfiger   branded apparel, accessories and related products; and (iii) licensing and similar arrangements relating to the use by third parties of the   Tommy Hilfiger   brand name for a broad array of products in North America. 
    
  Tommy Hilfiger International Segment   - This segment consists of the Company s Tommy Hilfiger International division. This segment derives revenue principally from (i) marketing   Tommy Hilfiger   branded apparel and related products at wholesale principally in Europe and China, primarily to department and specialty stores, e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers, franchisees of   Tommy Hilfiger  , distributors and licensees; (ii) operating retail stores in Europe, China and Japan and international e-commerce sites, which sell   Tommy Hilfiger   branded apparel, accessories and related products; and (iii) licensing and similar arrangements relating to the use by third parties of the   Tommy Hilfiger   brand name for a broad array of products outside of North America. This segment also includes the Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of its investments in unconsolidated Tommy Hilfiger foreign affiliates in Brazil, India and Australia. This segment included the Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of its investment in TH China until April 13, 2016, on which date the Company began to consolidate the operations as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in conjunction with the TH China acquisition. Please see   Note 3  ,  Acquisitions,  for a further discussion. 
    
  Heritage Brands Wholesale Segment   - This segment consists of the Company s Heritage Brands Wholesale division. This segment derives revenue primarily from marketing to department, chain and specialty stores and, to a lesser extent, e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers in North America of (i) dress shirts, neckwear and underwear under various owned and licensed brand names, including several private label brands; (ii) men s sportswear principally under the brand names   Van Heusen  ,   IZOD   and   ARROW  ; (iii) swimwear, fitness apparel, swim accessories and related products under the brand name   Speedo  ; and (iv) women s intimate apparel under the brand names   Warner s   and   Olga  . This segment also includes the Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of its investment in its unconsolidated Heritage Brands foreign affiliate in Australia. 
    
  Heritage Brands Retail Segment -   This segment consists of the Company s Heritage Brands Retail division. This segment derives revenue principally from operating retail stores, primarily located in outlet centers in North America, which primarily sell apparel, accessories and related products under the brand names   Van Heusen, IZOD   and   Warner s.   The Company exited the Izod retail business in the third quarter of 2015, leaving only its Van Heusen retail business. However, the Company began selling a limited selection of   IZOD Golf   apparel and   Warner s   products in some of its   Van Heusen   retail stores. The Company also sells   Speedo   products on a limited basis in some of its   Van Heusen   retail stores. 
  
    28 

The following tables present summarized information by segment: 

29 

(1)   
    Income (loss) before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   was significantly impacted by the strengthening of the United States dollar against foreign currencies in which the Company transacts significant levels of business. Please see section entitled  Results of Operations  in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 2 of this report for a further discussion.  
       
            (2)   
    Includes corporate expenses not allocated to any reportable segments, the Company s proportionate share of the net income or loss of its investments in Karl Lagerfeld and Gazal and the results of PVH Ethiopia. Corporate expenses represent overhead operating expenses and include expenses for senior corporate management, corporate finance, information technology related to corporate infrastructure and actuarial gains and losses from the Company s pension and other postretirement plans (which are generally recorded in the fourth quarter).  
       
            (3)   
    (Loss) income before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included a noncash loss of $  76.9   million recorded in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation.  
       
            (4)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  1.6   million and $  4.2   million, respectively, related to the licensing to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. of the Tommy Hilfiger womenswear wholesale business in the United States and Canada. 
       
            (5)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included a gain of $  18.1   million related to a payment received to exit a   Tommy Hilfiger   retail flagship store in Europe. 
       
            (6)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirteen weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  17.3   million associated with the TH China acquisition, principally consisting of amortization of short-lived assets. 
       
            (7)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included a noncash gain of $  153.1   million to write-up the Company s equity investment in TH China to fair value in connection with the TH China acquisition. Partially offsetting the gain were acquisition related costs of $  61.8   million, principally consisting of valuation adjustments and amortization of short-lived assets, and a one-time cost of $  5.9   million recorded on the Company s equity investment in TH China. Please see   Note 3  ,  Acquisitions,  for a further discussion. 

30 

(8)   
    Income (loss) before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  9.8   million associated with the Company s integration of Warnaco and the related restructuring. Such costs were included in the Company s segments as follows: $  0.2   million in Calvin Klein North America; $  2.6   million in Calvin Klein International; $  0.4   million in Heritage Brands Wholesale; and $  6.6   million in corporate expenses not allocated to any reportable segments. 
       
            (9)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  2.6   million related to the discontinuation of several licensed product lines in the Company s Heritage Brands dress furnishings business. 
       
            (10)   
    Loss before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  15.8   million related to the Company s amendment of its credit facilities. Please see   Note 9  ,  Debt,  for a further discussion. 
       
            (11)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included costs of $  5.5   million associated with the restructuring related to the new global creative strategy for   Calvin Klein  . Such costs were included in the Company s segments as follows: $  2.7   million in Calvin Klein North America; and $  2.8   million in Calvin Klein International. 
       
            (12)   
    Income (loss) before interest and taxes for the   thirteen weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included costs of   $18.9   million associated with the Company s integration of Warnaco and the related restructuring. Such costs were included in the Company s segments as follows:   $2.7   million in Calvin Klein North America;   $3.9   million in Calvin Klein International;   $1.4   million in Heritage Brands Wholesale; and   $10.9   million in corporate expenses not allocated to any reportable segments. 
       
            (13)   
    Income (loss) before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included costs of $  50.8   million associated with the Company s integration of Warnaco and the related restructuring. Such costs were included in the Company s segments as follows: $  5.6   million in Calvin Klein North America; $  7.6   million in Calvin Klein International; $  7.1   million in Heritage Brands Wholesale; and $  30.5   million in corporate expenses not allocated to any reportable segments. 
       
            (14)   
    Income before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included costs of $  13.1   million and $  16.4   million, respectively, principally related to the discontinuation of several licensed product lines in the Company s Heritage Brands dress furnishings business. 
       
            (15)   
    Income (loss) before interest and taxes for the   thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included costs of $  2.8   million and $  9.1   million, respectively, related to the operation of and exit from the Company s Izod retail business. 
       
            (16)   
    Loss before interest and taxes for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included a one-time gain of $  2.2   million recorded in connection with the Company s equity investment in Karl Lagerfeld. 
       
  Intersegment transactions primarily consist of transfers of inventory principally from the Heritage Brands Wholesale segment to the Heritage Brands Retail segment, the Calvin Klein North America segment and the Tommy Hilfiger North America segment. These transfers are recorded at cost plus a standard markup percentage. Such markup percentage on ending inventory is eliminated principally in the Heritage Brands Retail segment, the Calvin Klein North America segment and the Tommy Hilfiger North America segment. 

19.  GUARANTEES 
    
  The Company is deemed to have guaranteed lease payments for substantially all   Bass   retail stores included in the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company s Bass business in the fourth quarter of 2013 pursuant to the terms of noncancelable leases expiring on various dates through   2022  . These obligations deemed to be guaranteed include minimum rent payments and relate to leases that commenced prior to the sale of the Bass assets. In certain instances, the Company s obligations remain in effect when an option is exercised to extend the term of the lease. The maximum amount deemed to have been guaranteed for all leases as of   October 30, 2016   was $  25.0   million and the Company has the right to seek recourse from the buyer of the Bass assets for the full amount. The estimated fair value of these obligations as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   was $  1.1   million, $  1.9   million and $  2.1   million, respectively, which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Please see   Note 12  ,  Fair Value Measurements,  for a further discussion. 

31 

In connection with the Company s investments in PVH Australia and CK India, the Company has guaranteed a portion of the entities  debt and other obligations. The maximum amount guaranteed as of   October 30, 2016   was approximately $  7.9   million, which is subject to exchange rate fluctuation.   The guarantees are in effect for the entire terms of the respective obligations. The estimated fair value of these guarantee obligations was immaterial as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  . 
    
  The Company has certain other guarantees whereby it guaranteed the payment of amounts on behalf of certain other parties, none of which are material individually or in the aggregate. 

20.  RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE 
    
  The FASB issued in May 2014 guidance that supersedes most of the current revenue recognition requirements. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. New disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers are also required. In August 2015, the FASB approved a one year delay to the required adoption date of the standard, which makes it effective for the Company no later than the first quarter of 2018, with adoption in 2017 permitted. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance related to principal versus agent considerations, identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial adoption. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of adoption on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  The FASB issued in November 2015 an update to accounting guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. The guidance requires an entity to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent in the balance sheet. The Company elected to early adopt this guidance during the fourth quarter of 2015 on a retrospective basis, which resulted in decreases to other current assets of $  85.2   million and other liabilities of $  76.7   million and an increase to other assets of $  8.5   million as of November 1, 2015. 
  The FASB issued in April 2015 an update to accounting guidance related to debt issuance costs. The guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of 2016 on a retrospective basis, which resulted in decreases to prepaid expenses of $  8.1   million and $  8.1   million as of   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, and other assets of $  14.5   million and $  16.1   million as of   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, both with corresponding decreases in long-term debt. 
    
  The FASB issued in April 2015 an update to accounting guidance related to retirement benefits. This guidance provides a practical expedient which allows a company with fiscal years that do not fall on a calendar month-end to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month end that is closest to the company s fiscal year end. If elected, this guidance should be applied consistently from year to year for all plans. The guidance became effective in the first quarter of 2016. Prospective adoption is required. The Company will not change its measurement date under this guidance. 
    
  The FASB issued in July 2015 an update to accounting guidance to simplify the measurement of inventory. Currently, all inventory is measured at the lower of cost or market. The new guidance requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope of the guidance at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. The new guidance does not apply to inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory methods. This guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. Prospective adoption is required. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
    
  The FASB issued in January 2016 an update to accounting guidance for the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments that are not accounted for under the equity method of accounting to be measured at fair value with changes recognized in net income and updates certain presentation and disclosure requirements. The guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018 with limited early adoption permitted. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
    
  The FASB issued in February 2016 a new accounting standard on leases. The new standard, among other changes, will require lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases. The lease liability will be measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The right-of-use asset will be measured at the lease  
  
    32 

liability amount, adjusted for lease prepayments, lease incentives received and the lessee s initial direct costs (  e.g.  , commissions). The guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2019 with early adoption permitted. The adoption will require a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of the adoption on the Company s consolidated financial statements but expects that it will result in a significant increase to its other assets and other liabilities. 
    
  The FASB issued in March 2016 an update to accounting guidance to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance is expected to impact the recording of income taxes in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements and Balance Sheets, as well as the operating and financing cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements will be dependent upon unpredictable future events, including the timing of exercises and the value realized upon the vesting or exercise of shares versus the fair value when those shares were granted.  
    
  The FASB issued in August 2016 an update to accounting guidance to clarify and provide specific guidance on how certain cash receipts and cash payments are classified in the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice with respect to these items. Among the types of cash flows addressed are payments for costs related to debt prepayments or extinguishments, payments of contingent consideration after a business combination and distributions from equity method investees. The guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption permitted. Retrospective adoption is required. Upon adoption, contingent purchase price payments that are currently classified as cash flows from investing activities will be classified as cash flows from operating activities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Otherwise, the adoption of the standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The FASB issued in October 2016 an update to accounting guidance to simplify income tax accounting on intercompany sales or transfers of assets other than inventory. Current guidance requires entities to defer the income tax effect of intercompany transfers of assets until the asset has been sold to an outside party or otherwise recognized. The new guidance requires companies to immediately recognize in their income statement the income tax effects of an intercompany sale or transfer of an asset other than inventory. This guidance will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an annual period. Entities are required to apply the guidance using a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative catch-up adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of adoption on the Company s consolidated financial statements. However, it is expected to have an impact on the Company s opening retained earnings in the period of adoption.   

33 

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We aggregate our reporting segments into three main businesses: (i) Calvin Klein, which consists of the businesses we operate under our   Calvin Klein   trademarks; (ii) Tommy Hilfiger, which consists of the businesses we operate under our   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks; and (iii) Heritage Brands, which consists of the businesses we operate under our   Van Heusen, IZOD, ARROW, Warner s   and   Olga   trademarks, the   Speedo   trademark we license in perpetuity for North America and the Caribbean, and other owned and licensed trademarks. References to the brand names   Calvin Klein  ,   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Van Heusen  ,   IZOD  ,   ARROW  ,   Warner s  ,   Olga   and   Speedo   and to other brand names are to registered trademarks owned by us or licensed to us by third parties and are identified by italicizing the brand name.  References to the acquisition of Warnaco refer to our February 13, 2013 acquisition of The Warnaco Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which we refer to collectively as  Warnaco.  

OVERVIEW 
    
  The following discussion and analysis is intended to help you understand us, our operations and our financial performance. It should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, which are included in the immediately preceding item of this report. 
    
  We are one of the largest branded apparel companies in the world, with a history dating back over 130 years. Our brand portfolio consists of nationally and internationally recognized brand names, including   Calvin Klein  ,   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Van Heusen  ,   IZOD  ,   ARROW  ,   Speedo   (licensed in perpetuity for North America and the Caribbean from Speedo International Ltd.),   Warner s   and   Olga  . We also license brands from third parties primarily for use on dress shirts and neckwear offered in the United States and Canada. We exited our Izod retail business in the third quarter of 2015.  
    
  Our business strategy is to sell our branded products at multiple price points and in multiple channels of distribution and regions. This enables us to provide products to a broad range of consumers, while minimizing competition among our brands and reducing reliance on any one demographic group, merchandise preference, price point, distribution channel or region. We also license our brands to third parties for product categories and in jurisdictions where we believe our partners  expertise can better serve our businesses. 
    
  On February 1, 2016, we entered into a licensing agreement with G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. ( G-III ) for the design, production and wholesale distribution of   Tommy Hilfiger   womenswear in the United States and Canada (the  G-III license ), which will result in the discontinuation of our directly operated Tommy Hilfiger North America womenswear wholesale business in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  On April 13, 2016, we completed the acquisition of the 55% of the ownership interests in TH Asia, Ltd. ( TH China ), our joint venture for   Tommy Hilfiger   in China, that we did not already own (the  TH China acquisition ). As a result of the TH China acquisition, we now operate directly our Tommy Hilfiger business in its fastest growing market. The total consideration for the acquisition was $161 million, net of cash acquired of $105 million. 
    
  On June 20, 2016, we issued  350 million euro-denominated principal amount of 3 5/8% senior notes due July 15, 2024. Please see  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion.   
    
  On June 29, 2016, we, along with our minority interest partner, formed a joint venture in Ethiopia, PVH Arvind Manufacturing Private Limited Company ( PVH Ethiopia ), in which we own a 75% interest. We have consolidated the joint venture in our consolidated financial statements. PVH Ethiopia was formed to operate a manufacturing facility that will produce finished products for us for distribution primarily in the United States. We expect the manufacturing facility will begin operations in 2017.  
    
  On November 30, 2016, subsequent to the third quarter, we formed a joint venture in Mexico in which we own a 49% economic interest ( PVH Mexico ). The joint venture was formed by merging our wholly owned subsidiary that principally operated and managed our Calvin Klein business in Mexico with the wholly owned subsidiary of Grupo Axo, S.A.P.I. de C.V. that distributes   Tommy Hilfiger   brand products in Mexico. In connection with the formation of PVH Mexico, we deconsolidated our wholly owned subsidiary (the  Mexico deconsolidation ).   

34 

OPERATIONS OVERVIEW 
    
  We generate net sales from (i) the wholesale distribution to retailers, franchisees, licensees and distributors of dress shirts, neckwear, sportswear, jeanswear, underwear, intimate apparel, swim products, handbags, footwear, accessories and other related products under owned and licensed trademarks, including through e-commerce sites operated by key department store customers and pure play e-commerce retailers, and (ii) the sale through (a) approximately 1,600 Company-operated free-standing retail store locations worldwide under our   Calvin Klein  ,   Tommy Hilfiger   and   Van Heusen   trademarks, (b) approximately 1,150 Company-operated concessions/shop-in-shops worldwide under our   Calvin Klein   and   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks and (c) e-commerce sites in certain countries under our   Calvin Klein   and   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks, of apparel, footwear, accessories and other products, and swimwear and related products in North America through our   SpeedoUSA  .com e-commerce site. We also operated   IZOD   retail stores through the end of the third quarter of 2015, at which time we completed the exit from the business. Additionally, we generate royalty, advertising and other revenue from fees for licensing the use of our trademarks.  
    
  In connection with the TH China acquisition, we recorded a net pre-tax gain of $85 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  , including a noncash gain of $153 million to write-up our existing equity investment to fair value and costs of $68 million, which were primarily noncash and related to valuation adjustments and amortization of short-lived assets. We expect to incur additional pre-tax charges of approximately $16 million during the remainder of 2016, primarily consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets.  
    
  We recorded a pre-tax noncash loss of $77 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. The loss will be remeasured in connection with the closing of the transaction in the fourth quarter and will be impacted by many factors subsequent to October 30, 2016, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in the Mexican peso exchange rate and changes to the Mexico subsidiary s balance sheet, revenues and income. 
    
  We recorded pre-tax charges in connection with the Warnaco integration and related restructuring that totaled $10 million and $51 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  We implemented initiatives in 2015 to rationalize the Heritage Brands business, including the exit from our Izod retail business (completed in the third quarter of 2015) and the discontinuation in 2015 of several licensed product lines in the dress furnishings business. We recorded pre-tax charges of $9 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   in connection with the operation of and exit from our Izod retail business. We recorded pre-tax charges of $3 million and $16 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, related to the discontinuation of several licensed product lines in the dress furnishings business. 
    
  We recorded pre-tax charges of $4 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   in connection with the G-III license. 
    
  We recorded pre-tax charges of $6 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   in connection with the restructuring associated with the new global creative strategy for   Calvin Klein.    
    
  We amended our senior secured credit facilities on May 19, 2016 and recorded pre-tax debt modification and extinguishment charges of $16 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . Please see  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion. 
    
  We recorded a pre-tax gain of $18 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   in connection with a payment made to the Company to exit a   Tommy Hilfiger   retail flagship store in Europe. 
    
  Our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses each have substantial international components that expose us to significant foreign exchange risk. Amounts recorded in local foreign currencies are translated back to United States dollars using an average exchange rate over the representative period. Our international revenue and earnings are unfavorably impacted during times of a strengthening United States dollar against the foreign currencies in which we generate significant revenue and earnings and favorably impacted during times of a weakening United States dollar against those currencies. In 2015, approximately 45% of our revenue was subject to foreign currency translation. Beginning in the latter part of 2014, the United States dollar strengthened against most major currencies, resulting in a negative impact on our results of operations for 2015 and the first nine months of 2016. We currently expect the strength of the United States dollar and resulting unfavorable impact on our revenue and earnings to continue at least through the remainder of 2016. Additionally, there is a transaction impact on our financial results because inventory is often purchased in United States dollars by foreign subsidiaries. As with translation, during times of a strengthening United States dollar, our results of operations will be negatively impacted by these transactions  
  
    35 

as the increased local currency value of inventory results in a higher local currency cost of goods when the goods are sold. We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge against a portion of the exposure related to this transaction impact. The hedge contracts cover at least 70% of the projected inventory purchases in United States dollars by our foreign subsidiaries. These contracts are generally entered into 12 months in advance of the related inventory purchases. Therefore, the unfavorable impact of a strengthening United States dollar on the cost of inventory purchases covered by these hedge contracts may be realized in our earnings in the year following inception of the hedge contracts as the underlying inventory hedged by such forward exchange contracts is sold. As such, the unfavorable impact of a strengthening United States dollar against most major currencies in the latter part of 2014 and through 2015, particularly the euro, negatively impacted our gross margin during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  , and is expected to have a negative impact on our earnings at least through the remainder of 2016.  
    
  Retail comparable store sales discussed below refer to sales for retail stores that have been open for at least 12 months. Sales for retail stores that are closed during the year are excluded from the calculation of retail comparable store sales. Sales for retail stores that are either relocated, materially altered in size or closed for a certain number of consecutive days for renovation are also excluded from the calculation of retail comparable store sales until such stores have been in their new location or in their newly renovated state for at least 12 months. Sales from our Company-operated e-commerce sites are included within retail comparable store sales for those businesses and regions that have operated the related e-commerce site for at least 12 months. Retail comparable store sales are based on comparable weeks and local currencies. 
    
  SEASONALITY 
    
  Our business generally follows a seasonal pattern. Our wholesale businesses tend to generate higher levels of sales in the first and third quarters, while our retail businesses tend to generate higher levels of sales in the fourth quarter. Royalty, advertising and other revenue tends to be earned somewhat evenly throughout the year, although the third quarter has the highest level of royalty revenue due to higher sales by licensees in advance of the holiday selling season. We expect this seasonal pattern will generally continue. 
    
  Due to the above factors, our operating results for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of those for a full fiscal year. 
    
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Thirteen Weeks Ended October 30, 2016 Compared With Thirteen Weeks Ended November 1, 2015 
    
  Total Revenue 
    
  Total revenue in the   third quarter of 2016   was $2.244 billion as compared to $2.164 billion in the third quarter of the prior year. The increase in revenue of $80 million was due principally to the net effect of the following items: 

The addition of an aggregate of $77 million of revenue attributable to our Calvin Klein North America and Calvin Klein International segments, which included a reduction of approximately $7 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation. Revenue in the Calvin Klein North America segment increased 5% (including a 1% negative foreign currency impact) primarily driven by continued healthy growth in the wholesale business. Revenue in the North America retail business was flat, as sales attributable to square footage expansion in Company-operated stores was offset by a 5% comparable store sales decline driven by continued weakness in traffic and consumer spending trends in Calvin Klein s United States stores located in international tourist locations. Calvin Klein International segment revenue increased 16% (including a 1% negative foreign currency impact), including a 7% increase in comparable store sales. Europe and China continued to demonstrate the strongest performance. 

The net addition of $40 million of revenue attributable to our Tommy Hilfiger North America and Tommy Hilfiger International segments, which included a reduction of approximately $10 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation. Revenue in the Tommy Hilfiger North America segment decreased 7%  principally due to an 11% comparable store sales decline, driven by continued weakness in traffic and consumer spending trends in Tommy Hilfiger s United States stores located in international tourist locations, and the winding down of the Company s directly operated womenswear wholesale business in the United States and Canada in connection with the G-III license. Tommy Hilfiger International segment revenue increased 16% (including a 2% negative foreign currency impact). The increase was driven by continued strong growth in Europe, including a 10% increase in comparable store sales, and the TH China acquisition. 

36 

The reduction of an aggregate of $37 million of revenue attributable to our Heritage Brands Retail and Heritage Brands Wholesale segments. The decrease was driven by the 2015 business rationalization initiatives discussed in the section entitled  Operations Overview  above, partially offset by a 6% increase in comparable store sales in the Van Heusen business. 
       
  Gross Profit 
    
  Gross profit is calculated as total revenue less cost of goods sold and gross margin is calculated as gross profit divided by total revenue. Included as cost of goods sold are costs associated with the production and procurement of product, such as inbound freight costs, purchasing and receiving costs and inspection costs. Also included as cost of goods sold are the amounts recognized on foreign currency forward exchange contracts as the underlying inventory hedged by such forward exchange contracts is sold. Warehousing and distribution expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. All of our royalty, advertising and other revenue is included in gross profit because there is no cost of goods sold associated with such revenue. As a result, our gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities.  
    
  Gross profit in the   third quarter of 2016   was $1.192 billion, or 53.1% of total revenue, as compared to $1.101 billion, or 50.9% of total revenue in the third quarter of the prior year. The 220 basis point increase was principally driven by (i) a favorable mix of business due to revenue growth in our higher-margin Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in our lower-margin Heritage Brands business, (ii) an increase in gross margin in our North America businesses due to decreased promotional selling as compared to the third quarter of the prior year, as current year inventory levels were sharply lower than the prior year, (iii) the absence of costs incurred in the third quarter of the prior year principally in connection with the discontinuation of several licensed product lines in the Heritage Brands dress furnishings business and (iv) the addition of TH China, which achieved a significantly higher gross margin than the average gross margin for our overall business. These increases were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the stronger United States dollar on our international businesses that purchase inventory in United States dollars, particularly our European businesses, as the increased local currency value of inventory resulted in higher cost of goods in local currency when the goods were sold.  
    
  Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expenses 
    
  SG A expenses in the   third quarter of 2016   were $918 million, or 40.9% of total revenue, as compared to $854 million, or 39.4% of total revenue in the third quarter of the prior year. The 150 basis point increase in SG A expenses as a percentage of total revenue was principally attributable to (i) an unfavorable mix of business due to the revenue growth in our higher-expense Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in our lower-expense Heritage Brands business, (ii) the costs incurred in connection with the TH China acquisition, primarily consisting of noncash amortization of short-lived assets, and (iii) an increase in expenses incurred related to marketing and investments associated with the recent   Calvin Klein   creative team leadership change. These increases were partially offset by (i) a gain recorded in connection with a payment made to the Company to exit a   Tommy Hilfiger   retail flagship store in Europe and (ii) a reduction of costs incurred in connection with the integration of Warnaco and the related restructuring.  
    
  Other Noncash (Loss) Gain, Net 
    
  We recorded a pre-tax noncash loss of $77 million in the third quarter of 2016 in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. The loss was measured as the difference between the estimated fair value of the 49% interest in PVH Mexico that the Company would acquire upon the formation of PVH Mexico, inclusive of an estimated discount for a lack of marketability, and the carrying value of the net assets of the Mexico subsidiary, including foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss ( AOCL ). The loss will be remeasured in connection with the closing of the transaction in the fourth quarter and will be impacted by many factors subsequent to October 30, 2016, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in the Mexican peso exchange rate and changes to the Mexico subsidiary s balance sheet, revenues and income. Please see   Note 4  ,  Assets Held for Sale,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion.  

37 

Equity in Net Income of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
    
  The equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates in the   third quarter of 2016   was $1 million as compared to $6 million in the third quarter of the prior year. These amounts relate to our share of income from our joint ventures for the   Tommy Hilfiger   brand in India and Brazil, for the   Calvin Klein   brand in India and for the   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Calvin Klein   and   Van Heusen   brands in Australia, as well as our share of income from our investments in the parent company of the   Karl Lagerfeld   brand ( Karl Lagerfeld ) and, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, in Gazal Corporation Limited ( Gazal ). Also included in the third quarter of the prior year was our share of income from our joint venture for the   Tommy Hilfiger   brand in China, as the 55% that we did not own was acquired in the first quarter of 2016. Our investments in the continuing joint ventures are being accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Please see the section entitled  Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion.  
    
  Interest Expense, Net  
    
  Net interest expense increased to $29 million in the   third quarter of 2016   from $27 million in the third quarter of the prior year principally due to the negative impact of the interest rate swap that commenced in February 2016 to convert a portion of our variable rate debt under our term loans to fixed rate debt and the issuance of  350 million of 3 5/8% senior notes in June 2016, partially offset by the positive impact from debt repayments made during 2015 and the first nine months of 2016 and the amendment of our senior secured credit facilities in the second quarter of 2016. Please see the section entitled  Financing Arrangements  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The effective income tax rate for the   third quarter of 2016   was 25.3% as compared to 1.9% in the third quarter of the prior year. 
    
  The effective income tax rates for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 were lower than the United States statutory rate due to the benefit of overall lower tax rates in international jurisdictions where we file tax returns and the benefit of discrete items, including the favorable impact on certain of our liabilities for uncertain tax positions from the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation. These benefits were partially offset in the third quarter of 2016 by the unfavorable impact of the tax expense recorded on the assets held for sale in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. 
    
  Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
    
  We have consolidated the results of PVH Ethiopia, in which we own a 75% interest, in our consolidated financial statements. The net loss attributable to the redeemable non-controlling interest was immaterial for the third quarter of 2016. Please refer to   Note 5  ,  Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion. 
    
  Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 30, 2016 Compared With Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 1, 2015 
    
  Total Revenue 
    
  Total revenue in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $6.095 billion as compared to $5.908 billion in the thirty-nine week period of the prior year. The increase in revenue of $188 million was due principally to the net effect of the following items: 

The addition of an aggregate of $224 million of revenue attributable to our Calvin Klein North America and Calvin Klein International segments, which included a reduction of approximately $42 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation. Revenue in the Calvin Klein North America segment increased 9% (including a 1% negative foreign currency impact) primarily driven by significant growth in the wholesale business. Revenue in the North America retail business experienced moderate growth, as sales attributable to square footage expansion in Company-operated stores was partially offset by a 4% comparable store sales decline driven by continued weakness in traffic and consumer spending trends in Calvin Klein s United States stores located in international tourist locations. Calvin Klein International segment revenue increased 13% (including a 3% negative foreign currency impact) due principally to significant growth in Europe and China. Calvin Klein International segment comparable store sales increased 7%. 

The net addition of $114 million of revenue attributable to our Tommy Hilfiger North America and Tommy Hilfiger International segments, which included a reduction of approximately $25 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation. Revenue in the Tommy Hilfiger North America segment decreased 3%, as growth in the  
     
    38 

wholesale underwear business was more than offset by a 9% decline in comparable store sales, driven by continued weakness in traffic and consumer spending trends in Tommy Hilfiger s United States stores located in international tourist locations. Tommy Hilfiger International segment revenue increased 12% (including a 2% negative foreign currency impact) driven principally by strong growth across Europe, including a 9% increase in comparable store sales, and the TH China acquisition, which was completed in April 2016. 

The reduction of an aggregate of $150 million of revenue attributable to our Heritage Brands Retail and Heritage Brands Wholesale segments. The decrease was primarily due to the 2015 business rationalization initiatives discussed in the section entitled  Operations Overview  above, partially offset by a 9% increase in comparable store sales in the Van Heusen business. 
       
  Revenue for the full year 2016 is currently projected to increase approximately 2% compared to 2015, inclusive of a negative impact of approximately 1% related to foreign currency translation. Revenue for the Calvin Klein business is currently expected to increase approximately 6% compared to 2015, inclusive of a negative impact of approximately 2% related to foreign currency translation. Revenue for the Tommy Hilfiger business is currently expected to increase approximately 4% compared to 2015, inclusive of a negative impact of approximately 1% related to foreign currency translation. Revenue for the Heritage Brands business is currently projected to decrease approximately 9% compared to 2015 principally due to the 2015 business rationalization initiatives discussed in the section entitled  Operations Overview  above that continued to impact the business in 2016. 
    
  Gross Profit 
    
  Gross profit on total revenue in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $3.232 billion, or 53.0% of total revenue, as compared to $3.089 billion, or 52.3% of total revenue in the thirty-nine week period of the prior year. The 70 basis point increase was principally driven by (i) a favorable mix of business due to revenue growth in our higher-margin Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in our lower-margin Heritage Brands business and (ii) the addition of TH China, which achieved a significantly higher gross margin than the average gross margin for our overall business. These increases were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the stronger United States dollar on our international businesses that purchase inventory in United States dollars, particularly our European businesses, as the increased local currency value of inventory resulted in higher cost of goods in local currency when the goods were sold. 
    
  We currently expect that gross margin for the full year 2016 will increase as compared to 2015 due to (i) a favorable mix of business due to the expected revenue growth in our higher-margin Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in the lower-margin Heritage Brands business and (ii) the addition of TH China, which we estimate will continue to achieve a significantly higher gross margin than the average gross margin for our overall business. We currently expect that these gross margin increases will be partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the stronger United States dollar on our international businesses that purchase inventory in United States dollars, as the increased local currency value of inventory results in higher cost of goods in local currency when the goods are sold.  
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  SG A expenses in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   were $2.658 billion, or 43.6% of total revenue, as compared to $2.519 billion, or 42.6% of total revenue, in the thirty-nine week period of the prior year. The 100 basis point increase was principally attributable to (i) the costs incurred in connection with the TH China acquisition, primarily consisting of noncash charges related to valuation adjustments and amortization of short-lived assets, (ii) an unfavorable mix of business due to the revenue growth in our higher-expense Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in our lower-expense Heritage Brands business and (iii) an increase in expenses incurred related to marketing and investments associated with the recent   Calvin Klein   creative team leadership change. These increases were partially offset by (i) a reduction of costs incurred in connection with the Warnaco integration and related restructuring compared to the prior year period and (ii) the gain recorded in connection with a payment made to the Company to exit a   Tommy Hilfiger   retail flagship store in Europe. 
    
  We currently expect that SG A expenses as a percentage of total revenue for the full year 2016 will increase from 2015 due to (i) the impact of an unfavorable mix of business due to the expected revenue growth in our higher-expense Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses and revenue contraction in our lower-expense Heritage Brands business, (ii) the costs of approximately $70 million expected to be incurred in connection with the acquisition of TH China, primarily consisting of noncash charges related to amortization of short-lived assets, and (iii) an increase in expenses incurred related to marketing and investments associated with the recent   Calvin Klein   creative team leadership change. Additionally, our expectation of 2016 SG A expenses does not include the impact of an actuarial gain or loss associated with our retirement plans, while our 2015 SG A expenses included a $20 million actuarial gain. These increases are expected to be partially offset by (i) lower costs  
  
    39 

expected to be incurred in 2016 as compared to 2015 in connection with the integration of Warnaco and the related restructuring and the discontinuation of several licensed product lines in the Heritage Brands dress furnishings business and (ii) the $18 million gain recorded in connection with a payment made to the Company to exit a   Tommy Hilfiger   retail flagship store in Europe. Our actual 2016 SG A expenses may be significantly different than our projections because of expenses associated with our retirement plans, including any impact of planned lump-sum payments from our Pension Plans under a program introduced in September, which will result in a settlement of our benefit obligation in the fourth quarter of 2016 when the payments are made. Retirement plan expenses recorded throughout the year are calculated using actuarial valuations that incorporate assumptions and estimates about financial market, economic and demographic conditions. Differences between estimated and actual results give rise to gains and losses that are recorded immediately in earnings, generally in the fourth quarter of the year, which can create volatility in our operating results. 
    
  Debt Modification and Extinguishment Costs 
    
  We incurred costs totaling $16 million during the second quarter of 2016 in connection with the amendment of our senior secured credit facilities. Please see the section entitled  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion. 
    
  Other Noncash (Loss) Gain, Net 
    
  We recorded a pre-tax noncash gain of $153 million in the first quarter of 2016 to write-up our equity investment in TH China to fair value in connection with the acquisition of the 55% of the ownership interests in TH China that we did not already own. Such fair value was estimated based on the fair value of TH China and included an estimated discount for a lack of marketability. Please see   Note 3  ,  Acquisitions,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion. 
    
  We recorded a pre-tax noncash loss of $77 million in the third quarter of 2016 in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. The loss was measured as the difference between the estimated fair value of the 49% interest in PVH Mexico that the Company would acquire upon the formation of PVH Mexico, inclusive of an estimated discount for a lack of marketability, and the carrying value of the net assets of the Mexico subsidiary, including foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in AOCL. The loss will be remeasured in connection with the closing of the transaction in the fourth quarter and will be impacted by many factors subsequent to October 30, 2016, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in the Mexican peso exchange rate and changes to the Mexico subsidiary s balance sheet, revenues and income. Please see   Note 4  ,  Assets Held for Sale,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion.  
    
  Equity in Net Income of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
    
  The equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $1 million as compared to $15 million in the thirty-nine week period of the prior year. These amounts relate to our share of income from our joint ventures for the   Tommy Hilfiger   brand in China (the 55% that we did not own was acquired on April 13, 2016), India and Brazil, for the   Calvin Klein   brand in India and for the   Tommy Hilfiger  ,   Calvin Klein   and   Van Heusen   brands in Australia, as well as our share of income from our investments in Karl Lagerfeld and, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, in Gazal. The   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   included one-time expenses of $6 million recorded on our equity investment in TH China prior to the acquisition closing. In addition, the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   included a one-time gain of $2 million on our equity investment in Karl Lagerfeld. Please see the section entitled  Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion.  
    
  Interest Expense, Net 
    
  Net interest expense increased to $86 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   as compared to $85 million in the thirty-nine week period of the prior year as the positive impacts from debt repayments made during 2015 and the first nine months of 2016 and the amendment of our senior secured credit facilities in the second quarter of 2016 were more than offset by the negative impacts of the interest rate swap that commenced in February 2016 to convert a portion of our variable rate debt under our term loans to fixed rate debt and the issuance of  350 million of 3 5/8% senior notes in June 2016. Please see the section entitled  Financing Arrangements  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion. 
    
  Net interest expense for the full year 2016 is currently expected to increase to approximately $117 million compared to $113 million in 2015, primarily due to the negative impacts of the interest rate swap that commenced in February 2016 to convert a portion of our variable rate debt under our term loans to fixed rate debt and the issuance of  350 million of 3 5/8% senior notes in June 2016, partially offset by the positive impacts from debt repayments made during 2015 and expected to be made in 2016  
  
    40 

and the amendment of our senior secured credit facilities in the second quarter of 2016. Please see the section entitled  Financing Arrangements  within  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below for a further discussion.  
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The effective income tax rates for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   were 18.4% and 12.2%, respectively.  
    
  The effective income tax rate for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was lower than the United States statutory rate due to the benefit of overall lower tax rates in international jurisdictions where we file tax returns. Also contributing to the lower effective income tax rate for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was the benefit of discrete items, including the lower tax rate applicable to the pre-tax gain recorded to write-up our existing equity investment in TH China to fair value. These benefits were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the tax expense recorded on the assets held for sale in anticipation of the Mexico deconsolidation. We currently expect our full year 2016 effective income tax rate to be in a range of 18% to 18.5% due principally to the items noted above.  
  The effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended   November 1, 2015   was lower than the United States statutory rate principally due to the benefit of overall lower tax rates in international jurisdictions where we file tax returns and the benefit of discrete items, including the favorable impact on certain liabilities for uncertain tax positions from the expiration of applicable statutes of limitation. 
  Our tax rate is affected by many factors, including the mix of international and domestic pre-tax earnings, discrete events arising from specific transactions, and audits by tax authorities or the receipt of new information, any of which can cause us to change our estimate for uncertain tax positions. 
    
  Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
    
  We have consolidated the results of PVH Ethiopia, in which we own a 75% interest, in our consolidated financial statements. The net loss attributable to the redeemable non-controlling interest was immaterial for the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . We currently expect that the net loss attributable to the redeemable non-controlling interest for the full year 2016 will also be immaterial. Please refer to   Note 5  ,  Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash Flow Summary 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents at   October 30, 2016   was $  662 million  , an increase of $  106   million from the amount at January 31, 2016 of $  556 million  . The increase included $390 million of net proceeds from the issuance of  350 million euro-denominated principal amount of 3 5/8% senior notes on June 20, 2016, partially offset by (i) a $158 million payment (net of cash acquired of $105 million) in connection with the TH China acquisition and (ii) $223 million of common stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program in 2016. The seasonality of our business may result in significant fluctuations in our cash balance between fiscal year-end and subsequent interim periods due to the timing of inventory purchases and peak sales periods. Cash flow for the full year 2016 will be impacted by various factors in addition to those noted below in this  Liquidity and Capital Resources  section, including the amount of debt repayments and stock repurchases we make in 2016.  
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , approximately $544 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by international subsidiaries whose undistributed earnings are considered permanently reinvested. Our intent is to continue to reinvest these funds in international operations. If management decides at a later date to repatriate these funds to the United States, we would be required to pay taxes on these amounts based on applicable United States tax rates, net of foreign taxes already paid. 
    
  Operations 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities was $576 million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   compared to $  388 million   in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015  . The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by changes in working capital, including a significant decrease in our inventory levels. 
    
  We made contributions of $7 million to our defined benefit pension plans in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 and expect to make additional contributions of $93 million during the remainder of 2016. Our actual contributions may differ from  
  
    41 

planned contributions due to many factors including changes in tax and other benefit laws, or significant differences between expected and actual pension asset performance or interest rates. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Our capital expenditures in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   were $163 million compared to $  169 million   in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015  . We currently expect that capital expenditures for the full year 2016 will be approximately $275 million. Capital expenditures in 2016 primarily include investments in new stores and store expansions, as well as continued investments in operations and infrastructure, including system improvements. 
    
  Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
    
  In 2013, we formed with Gazal a joint venture, PVH Brands Australia Pty. Limited ( PVH Australia ), in which we own a   50%   economic interest. The joint venture has licensed from one of our subsidiaries since the first quarter of 2014 the rights to distribute and sell certain   Calvin Klein   brand products in Australia, New Zealand and other island nations in the South Pacific. As part of the transaction, we contributed to PVH Australia our subsidiaries that were operating the Calvin Klein Jeans businesses in Australia and New Zealand. During the first quarter of 2015, we completed a transaction in which the   Tommy Hilfiger   and   Van Heusen   trademarks in Australia were licensed for certain product categories to subsidiaries of PVH Australia for use in Australia, New Zealand and, in the case of   Tommy Hilfiger  , other island nations in the South Pacific. The   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks had previously been licensed to a third party and the   Van Heusen   trademarks had previously been licensed to Gazal. Additionally, subsidiaries of PVH Australia license other trademarks for certain product categories. We made payments of $  21   million (of which $20 million was placed into an escrow account prior to the end of 2014), to PVH Australia during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     November 1, 2015   representing our 50% share of the joint venture funding for the period. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we acquired approximately 10% of Gazal s outstanding capital stock, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, for $9 million.  
    
  In 2013, we acquired a   51%   economic interest in a Calvin Klein joint venture in India that has since been renamed Calvin Klein Arvind Fashion Private Limited ( CK India ). CK India licenses from one of our subsidiaries the rights to the   Calvin Klein   trademarks in India for certain product categories. During the first quarter of 2014, Arvind Limited ( Arvind ) purchased our prior joint venture partners  shares in CK India and, as a result of the entry into a shareholder agreement with different governing arrangements between us and Arvind, we are no longer deemed to hold a controlling interest in the joint venture. CK India was deconsolidated as a result and we began reporting our 51% interest as an equity method investment in the first quarter of 2014. We made payments of $  2   million and $  4   million to CK India during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, to contribute our 51% share of the joint venture funding for the periods.  
    
  In 2012, we formed a joint venture, Tommy Hilfiger do Brasil S.A. ( TH Brazil ), in Brazil, in which we own a   40%   economic interest. TH Brazil licenses from one of our subsidiaries the rights to the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks in Brazil for certain product categories. We made payments of $  2   million to TH Brazil in each of the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015   to contribute our   40%   share of the joint venture funding for the periods. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we issued a note receivable due April 2, 2017 to TH Brazil for $12 million. As of 
  October 30, 2016, the interest rate on the note was 14.00% and the outstanding balance, including accrued interest, was $13 
  million. 
    
  Acquisition of TH China 
    
  We acquired on April 13, 2016 the 55% of the ownership interests in TH China that we did not already own. Prior to April 13, 2016, we owned a 45% interest in TH China and accounted for it under the equity method of accounting. We paid $158 million, net of cash acquired of $105 million, as cash consideration for this transaction. Please see   Note 3  ,  Acquisitions,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 1 of this report for a further discussion. 
    
  Tommy Hilfiger India Contingent Purchase Price Payments 
    
  We reacquired in 2011 the rights in India to the   Tommy Hilfiger   trademarks that had been subject to a perpetual license previously granted to GVM International Limited. We are required to make annual contingent purchase price payments based on a percentage of sales of   Tommy Hilfiger   products in India in excess of an agreed upon threshold during each of six consecutive 12-month periods. Such payments are subject to a $25 million aggregate maximum and are due within 60 days following each one-year period. The estimated fair value of future contingent purchase price payments was $  2   million as of  
  
    42 

October 30, 2016  . We made contingent purchase price payments of approximately $1 million during each of the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 and November 1, 2015. 
    
  Calvin Klein Contingent Purchase Price Payments 
    
  In connection with our acquisition of Calvin Klein in 2003, we are obligated to pay Mr. Calvin Klein contingent purchase price payments based on 1.15% of total worldwide net sales (as defined in the acquisition agreement, as amended) of products bearing any of the   Calvin Klein   brands with respect to sales made through February 12, 2018. A significant portion of the sales on which the payments to Mr. Klein are made are wholesale sales by us and our licensees and other partners to retailers. Such contingent purchase price payments totaled $  36   million and $  34   million in the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively. Based upon current exchange rates, we currently expect that such payments will be $53 million for the full year 2016. 
    
  Dividends 
    
  Our common stock currently pays annual dividends totaling $0.15 per share. Dividends on common stock totaled $12 million in each of the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  . No further common stock dividends are scheduled to be declared in 2016. 
    
  Acquisition of Treasury Shares 
    
  Our Board of Directors authorized a $  500   million three-year stock repurchase program effective June 3, 2015. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time over the period through open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions or other methods, as we deem appropriate. Purchases are made based on a variety of factors, such as price, corporate requirements and overall market conditions, applicable legal requirements and limitations, restrictions under our debt arrangements, trading restrictions under our insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The stock repurchase program may be modified, including to increase or decrease the repurchase limitation or extend, suspend, or terminate the program, by us at any time, without prior notice. 
    
  During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , we purchased   2.3   million shares and   0.7   million shares, respectively, of our common stock in open market transactions for $  226   million, of which $  3   million was accrued for in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   October 30, 2016  , and   $75   million, respectively. We have purchased   3.6   million shares for $  352   million under the program since inception. The repurchased shares were held as treasury stock and $  148   million of the authorization remained available for future share repurchases as of   October 30, 2016  . 
    
  Treasury stock activity also includes shares that were withheld principally in conjunction with the settlement of vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 
    
  Sale of Assets 
    
  One of our European subsidiaries sold a building in Amsterdam, the Netherlands in the second quarter of 2016 for proceeds of    15   million (approximately $  17   million based on the exchange rate in effect on that date).  
  Financing Arrangements 
    
  Our capital structure was as follows: 

In addition, we had $  662   million, $  556   million and $  370   million of cash and cash equivalents as of   October 30, 2016  ,   January 31, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively. 

43 

Short-Term Borrowings 
    
  One of our Asian subsidiaries has yen-denominated short-term lines of credit and overdraft facilities with a number of Japanese banks at various interest rates that provide for borrowings of up to    2.200 billion   (approximately $  21   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and are utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. As of   October 30, 2016  , we had $  19   million of borrowings outstanding under this facility. The weighted average interest rate on the funds borrowed at   October 30, 2016   was   0.44%  . The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  19   million. 
    
  One of our Asian subsidiaries has a won-denominated overdraft facility with a South Korean bank that provides for borrowings of up to    3.500 billion   (approximately $  3   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility are unsecured and bear interest at the South Korean bank three-month certificate of deposit rate plus   1.50%  . There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of our Asian subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term revolving credit facility with a bank that provides for borrowings of up to   $10   million and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the one-month London interbank borrowing rate ( LIBOR ) plus   1.50%  . At the end of each month, amounts outstanding under this facility may be carried forward for additional one-month periods for up to one year. This facility is subject to certain terms and conditions and may be terminated at any time at the discretion of the bank. There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of our European subsidiaries has euro-denominated short-term revolving notes with a number of banks at various interest rates, as well as overdraft facilities, that provide for borrowings of up to    60 million   (approximately $  66 million   based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and are utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. There were no borrowings outstanding under these facilities as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of our European subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a bank that provides for borrowings of up to $  3   million and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at   13.50%  . There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  One of our European subsidiaries has a United States dollar-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a Turkish bank that provides for borrowings of up to $  4 million   and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the Turkish overnight lending rate plus   3.00%  .  As of October 30, 2016, we had $2 million of borrowings outstanding under this facility. The weighted average interest rate on the funds borrowed at October 30, 2016 was 14.25%. The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  3   million. 
    
  One of our European subsidiaries has a Turkish lira-denominated short-term line of credit facility with a Turkish bank that provides for borrowings of up to lira   3 million   (approximately   $1 million   based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at the Turkish overnight lending rate plus   4.00%  . As of   October 30, 2016  , we had no borrowings outstanding under this facility. The maximum amount of borrowings outstanding during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  1   million. 
    
  One of our Latin American subsidiaries has a Brazilian real-denominated short-term revolving credit facility with a Brazilian bank that provides for borrowings of up to   R$25   million (approximately   $8   million based on exchange rates in effect on   October 30, 2016  ) and is utilized primarily to fund working capital needs. Borrowings under this facility are unsecured. There were no borrowings outstanding as of or during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  . 
    
  We also have the ability to draw revolving borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities as discussed in the section entitled  2016 Senior Secured Credit Facilities  below. As of   October 30, 2016  , we had no borrowings outstanding under these facilities. The maximum amount of revolving borrowings outstanding under these facilities during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   was $  15   million.  

44 

Capital Lease Obligations 
    
  Our cash payments for capital lease obligations totaled $5 million and $6 million during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  2014 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  On March 21, 2014, we entered into an amendment to our senior secured credit facilities (as amended, the  2014 facilities ). The 2014 facilities consisted of a $  1.986   billion United States dollar-denominated Term Loan A facility, a $  1.189   billion United States dollar-denominated Term Loan B facility and senior secured revolving credit facilities consisting of (a) a $  475   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility, (b) a $  25   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility available in United States dollars or Canadian dollars and (c) a    186   million euro-denominated revolving credit facility available in euro, pounds sterling, Japanese yen or Swiss francs.  
    
  On May 19, 2016, we amended the 2014 facilities, as discussed in the following section. 
    
  2016 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  On May 19, 2016 (the  Amendment Date ), we entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to the 2014 facilities (as amended by the Amendment, the  2016 facilities ). Among other things, the Amendment provided for us to borrow an additional $  582   million principal amount of loans under the Term Loan A facility, which was increased by $  582   million, the repayment of all outstanding loans under the Term Loan B facility with the proceeds of the additional loans under the Term Loan A facility, and the termination of the Term Loan B facility. In addition, the Amendment extended the maturity of the Term Loan A and the revolving credit facilities from February 13, 2019 to May 19, 2021. 
    
  The 2016 facilities consist of a $  2.347   billion United States dollar-denominated Term Loan A facility and the senior secured revolving credit facilities consisting of (a) a $  475   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility, (b) a $  25   million United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facility available in United States dollars or Canadian dollars and (c) a    186   million euro-denominated revolving credit facility available in euro, pounds sterling, Japanese yen or Swiss francs. In connection with entering into the Amendment, we paid debt issuance costs of $  11   million (of which $  5   million was expensed as debt modification costs and $  6   million is being amortized over the term of the related debt agreement) and recorded debt extinguishment costs of $  11   million to write-off previously capitalized debt issuance costs. 
    
  The revolving credit facilities also include amounts available for letters of credit. As of   October 30, 2016  , we had $  23 million   of outstanding letters of credit. There were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facilities. A portion of each of the United States dollar-denominated revolving credit facilities is also available for the making of swingline loans. The issuance of such letters of credit and the making of any swingline loan reduces the amount available under the applicable revolving credit facility. So long as certain conditions are satisfied, we may add one or more term loan facilities or increase the commitments under the revolving credit facilities by an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of (1) the sum of (x) $  1.350   billion plus (y) the aggregate amount of all voluntary prepayments of loans under the Term Loan A and the revolving credit facilities (to the extent, in the case of voluntary prepayments of loans under the revolving credit facilities, there is an equivalent permanent reduction of the revolving commitments) plus (z) an amount equal to the aggregate revolving commitments of any defaulting lender (to the extent the commitments with respect thereto have been terminated) and (2) an additional unlimited amount as long as the ratio of our senior secured net debt to consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (in each case calculated as set forth in the documentation relating to the 2016 facilities) would not exceed 3 to 1 after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such increase. The lenders under the 2016 facilities are not required to provide commitments with respect to such additional facilities or increased commitments. 
    
  The terms of the Term Loan A facility require us to make quarterly repayments of amounts outstanding under the 2016 facilities, which commenced with the calendar quarter ended June 30, 2016. Such amounts equal   5.00%   per annum of the principal amount outstanding on the Amendment Date for the first eight calendar quarters following the Amendment Date,   7.50%   per annum of the principal amount for the four calendar quarters thereafter and   10.00%   per annum of the principal amount for the remaining calendar quarters, in each case paid in equal installments and in each case subject to certain customary adjustments, with the balance due on the maturity date of the Term Loan A facility. 
    
  We made payments of $  251   million and $200 million during the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016   and   November 1, 2015  , respectively, on our term loans under the 2016 and 2014 facilities. As a result of the voluntary repayments we made, as of   October 30, 2016  , we had satisfied our mandatory long-term debt repayment requirements for the next twelve months. We had term loans outstanding of $  2.138   billion, net of original issue discounts and debt issuance costs, as of   October 30, 2016  . 
  
    45 

Our obligations under the 2016 facilities are guaranteed by substantially all of our existing and future direct and indirect United States subsidiaries, with certain exceptions. Obligations of the European borrower under the 2016 facilities are guaranteed by us, substantially all of our existing and future direct and indirect United States subsidiaries (with certain exceptions) and Tommy Hilfiger Europe B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. We and our United States subsidiary guarantors have pledged certain of our assets as security for the obligations under the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The outstanding borrowings under the 2016 facilities are prepayable at any time without penalty (other than customary breakage costs). The terms of the 2016 facilities require us to repay certain amounts outstanding thereunder with (a) net cash proceeds of the incurrence of certain indebtedness, (b) net cash proceeds of certain asset sales or other dispositions (including as a result of casualty or condemnation) that exceed certain thresholds, to the extent such proceeds are not reinvested or committed to be reinvested in the business in accordance with customary reinvestment provisions, and (c) a percentage of excess cash flow that exceeds the voluntary debt payments we have made during the applicable year, which percentage is based upon our net leverage ratio during the relevant fiscal period. 
    
  The United States dollar-denominated borrowings under the 2016 facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, as determined at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the greater of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the United States federal funds rate plus 1/2 of   1.00%   and (iii) a one-month adjusted Eurocurrency rate plus   1.00%   or (b) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The Canadian dollar-denominated borrowings under the 2016 facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, as determined at our option, either (a) a Canadian prime rate determined by reference to the greater of (i) the rate of interest per annum that Royal Bank of Canada establishes at its main office in Toronto, Ontario as the reference rate of interest in order to determine interest rates for loans in Canadian dollars to its Canadian borrowers and (ii) the sum of (x) the average of the rates per annum for Canadian dollar bankers  acceptances having a term of one month that appears on the display referred to as  CDOR Page  of Reuters Monitor Money Rate Services as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time) on the date of determination, as reported by the administrative agent (and if such screen is not available, any successor or similar service as may be selected by the administrative agent), and (y)   0.75%  , or (b) an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The borrowings under the 2016 facilities in currencies other than United States dollars or Canadian dollars bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus an adjusted Eurocurrency rate, calculated in a manner set forth in the 2016 facilities. 
    
  The current applicable margin with respect to the Term Loan A facility and each revolving credit facility is   1.50%   for adjusted Eurocurrency rate loans and   0.50%   for base rate loans, respectively. After the date of delivery of the compliance certificate and financial statements with respect to each of our fiscal quarters, the applicable margin for borrowings under the Term Loan A facility and the revolving credit facilities is subject to adjustment based upon our net leverage ratio. 
    
  The 2016 facilities contain customary events of default, including but not limited to nonpayment; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violations of covenants; certain bankruptcies and liquidations; cross-default to material indebtedness; certain material judgments; certain events related to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; certain events related to certain of the guarantees by us and certain of our subsidiaries, and certain pledges of our assets and those of certain of our subsidiaries, as security for the obligations under the 2016 facilities; and a change in control (as defined in the 2016 facilities). 
    
  During the second quarter of 2014, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement for an 18-month term commencing on August 18, 2014. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of capping the interest rate on an initial notional amount of $  514   million of our variable rate debt obligation under the 2014 facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms. Under the terms of this agreement, the one-month LIBOR that we paid was capped at a rate of   1.50%  . Therefore, the maximum amount of interest that we would have paid on the then-outstanding notional amount was at the   1.50%   capped rate, plus the current applicable margin. The agreement expired on February 17, 2016.  
    
  During the second quarter of 2014, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a two-year term commencing on February 17, 2016. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of converting an initial notional amount of $  683   million of our variable rate debt obligation under the 2014 facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms, including the 2016 facilities, to fixed rate debt. Such agreement remains outstanding with a notional amount of $  1.068   billion as of   October 30, 2016  , and is now converting a portion of our variable rate debt obligation under the 2016 facilities to fixed rate debt. Under the terms of the agreement for the then-outstanding notional amount, our exposure to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR is eliminated and we will pay a weighted average fixed rate of   1.924%  , plus the current applicable margin.  
  
    46 

During the second quarter of 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement for a three-year term commencing on August 19, 2013. The agreement was designed with the intended effect of converting an initial notional amount of $  1.229   billion of our variable rate debt obligation under our previously outstanding facilities or any replacement facility with similar terms, including the 2016 facilities, to fixed rate debt. Under the terms of the agreement for the then-outstanding notional amount, our exposure to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR was eliminated and we paid a fixed rate of   0.604%  , plus the current applicable margin. The agreement expired on August 17, 2016.  
    
  The notional amount of any outstanding interest rate swap will be adjusted according to a pre-set schedule during the term of the applicable swap agreement such that, based on our projections for future debt repayments, our outstanding debt under the Term Loan A facility is expected to always equal or exceed the combined notional amount of the then-outstanding interest rate swaps.  
    
  The 2016 facilities also contain covenants that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs, to take advantage of other business opportunities that may be in our interest or to satisfy our obligations under our other outstanding debt. These covenants restrict our ability to, among other things: 

incur or guarantee additional debt or extend credit; 
                
    make restricted payments, including paying dividends or making distributions on, or redeeming or repurchasing, our capital stock or certain debt; 
                
    make acquisitions and investments; 
                
    dispose of assets; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates; 
                
    enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries  ability to pay dividends; 
                
    create liens on our assets or engage in sale/leaseback transactions; and 
                
    effect a consolidation or merger, or sell, transfer, or lease all or substantially all of our assets. 
       
  The 2016 facilities require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including minimum interest coverage and maximum net leverage. A breach of any of these operating or financial covenants would result in a default under the applicable facility. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable which would result in acceleration of our other debt. If we were unable to repay any such borrowings when due, the lenders could proceed against their collateral, which also secures some of our other indebtedness.  
    
  4 1/2% Senior Notes Due 2022  
    
  On December 20, 2012, we issued $  700   million principal amount of   4 1/2%   senior notes due December 15, 2022. We paid $  16   million of fees during 2013 in connection with the issuance of these notes, which are amortized over the term of the notes. We may redeem some or all of these notes at any time prior to December 15, 2017 by paying a  make whole  premium plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, we may redeem some or all of these notes on or after December 15, 2017 at specified redemption prices plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Our ability to pay cash dividends and make other restricted payments is limited, in each case, over specified amounts as defined in the indenture governing the notes.  
    
  7 3/4% Debentures Due 2023  
    
  We have outstanding $  100   million of debentures due November 15, 2023 with a yield to maturity of   7.80%  . The debentures accrue interest at the rate of   7 3/4%  . Pursuant to the indenture governing the debentures, we must maintain a certain level of stockholders  equity in order to pay cash dividends and make other restricted payments, as defined in the indenture governing the debentures. 
    
  3 5/8% Euro Senior Notes Due 2024  
    
  On June 20, 2016, we issued    350   million euro-denominated principal amount of   3 5/8%   senior notes due July 15, 2024. Interest on the notes is payable in euros. We paid    6   million (approximately $  7   million based on exchange rates in effect on the payment date) of fees during the second quarter of 2016 in connection with the issuance of these notes, which are amortized over the term of the notes. We may redeem some or all of these notes at any time prior to April 15, 2024 by paying a  make whole  premium plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, we may redeem some or all of these notes on or after April 15, 2024 at their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest.  

47 

Substantially all of the our assets have been pledged as collateral to secure our obligations under our senior secured credit facilities, the   7 3/4%   debentures due 2023 and contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Calvin Klein as discussed in   Note 7  ,  Goodwill,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report.  
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable financial and non-financial covenants under our financing arrangements. 
    
  As of   October 30, 2016  , our corporate credit was rated Ba1 by Moody s with a stable outlook and our issuer credit was rated BB+ by Standard   Poor s with a stable outlook. In assessing our credit strength, we believe that both Moody s and Standard   Poor s considered, among other things, our capital structure and financial policies as well as our consolidated balance sheet, our historical acquisition activity and other financial information, as well as industry and other qualitative factors. 
    
  Please refer to   Note 9  ,  Debt,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a schedule of mandatory long-term debt repayments over the next five years. 
    
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Our significant accounting policies are outlined in Note 1,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. During the   thirty-nine weeks ended     October 30, 2016  , there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016. 
  
    48 

ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Financial instruments held by us as of   October 30, 2016   include cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, foreign currency forward exchange and foreign currency option contracts and interest rate swap agreements.   Note 12  ,  Fair Value Measurements,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report outlines the fair value of our financial instruments as of   October 30, 2016  . Cash and cash equivalents held by us are affected by short-term interest rates, which are currently low. Due to the currently low rates of return we are receiving on our cash equivalents, the potential for a significant decrease in short-term interest rates is low and, therefore, a further decrease would not have a material impact on our interest income. However, there is potential for a more significant increase in short-term interest rates, which could have a more material impact on our interest income. Given our balance of cash and cash equivalents at   October 30, 2016  , the effect of a 10 basis point change in short-term interest rates on our interest income would be approximately $700,000 annually. Borrowings under our 2016 facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus a variable rate. As such, our credit facilities expose us to market risk for changes in interest rates. We have entered into interest rate swap agreements for the intended purpose of reducing our exposure to interest rate volatility. As of October 30, 2016, after taking into account the effect of our interest rate swap agreements that were in effect at such date, approximately 65% of our long-term debt was at a fixed interest rate, with the remainder at variable interest rates. Given our debt position at October 30, 2016, the effect of a 10 basis point change in interest rates on our interest expense would be approximately $1 million annually. Please refer to  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section included in Part I, Item 2 of this report for a further discussion of our credit facilities and interest rate swap agreements. 
    
  Our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses each have substantial international components that expose us to significant foreign exchange risk. Our Heritage Brands business also has international components but those components are not significant to the business. Changes in exchange rates between the United States dollar and other currencies can impact our financial results in two ways: a translation impact and a transaction impact. The translation impact refers to the impact that changes in exchange rates can have on our financial results, as our operating results in local foreign currencies are translated into United States dollars using an average exchange rate over the representative period. Accordingly, the impact of a strengthening United States dollar, particularly against the euro, the Brazilian real, the Japanese yen, the Korean won, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, the Indian rupee, the Russian ruble and the Chinese yuan renminbi, will have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. To hedge against a portion of this exposure, we entered into several foreign currency option contracts during 2016. These contracts represent our purchase of euro put/United States dollar call options. The changes in the fair value of these foreign currency option contracts are recognized immediately in earnings. This mitigates the effect of a strengthening United States dollar against the euro on the reporting of our euro-denominated operating results. Absent material changes in the fair value of these foreign currency option contracts, we expect reductions in revenue and net income in 2016 due to the foreign exchange translation impact of approximately $80 million and $25 million, respectively, based on current exchange rates. 
    
  The transaction impact on financial results is common for apparel companies operating outside the United States that purchase goods in United States dollars, as is the case with most of our foreign operations. As with translation, during times of a strengthening United States dollar, our results of operations will be negatively impacted from these transactions as the increased local currency value of inventory results in higher cost of goods sold in local currency when the goods are sold. We also have exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to certain intercompany transactions. We currently use and plan to continue to use foreign currency forward exchange contracts or other derivative instruments to mitigate the cash flow or market value risks associated with these inventory and intercompany transactions, but we are unable to entirely eliminate these risks. We expect a reduction in net income in 2016 due to the foreign exchange transaction impact of approximately $110 million, based on current exchange rates. 
    
  Included in the calculations of expense and liabilities for our pension plans are various assumptions, including return on assets, discount rates, mortality rates and future compensation increases. Actual results could differ from these assumptions, which would require adjustments to our balance sheet and could result in volatility in our future pension expense. Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.25% increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would decrease or increase, respectively, 2016 net pension expense by approximately $28 million. 

49 

ITEM 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating   Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

50 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are a party to certain litigations which, in management s judgment based in part on the opinions of legal counsel, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
    
  Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   for a description of certain significant risks and uncertainties to which our business, operations and financial condition are subject. There have been no material changes to these risk factors as of   October 30, 2016  .  

ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(1)    On June 1, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized us, effective June 3, 2015, to repurchase up to $500 million of our outstanding common stock. The Board of Director s authorization is effective through June 3, 2018. Repurchases under the program may be made from time to time over the period through open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions or other methods, as we deem appropriate. Purchases are made based on a variety of factors, such as price, corporate requirements and overall market conditions, applicable legal requirements and limitations, restrictions under our debt arrangements, trading restrictions under our insider trading policy and other relevant factors. The program may be modified, including to increase or decrease the repurchase limitation or extend, suspend, or terminate the program, at any time, without prior notice.  
    
   (2)    Our 2006 Stock Incentive Plan provides us with the right to deduct or withhold, or require employees to remit to us, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding requirements applicable to stock-based compensation awards. To the extent permitted, employees may elect to satisfy all or part of such withholding requirements by tendering previously owned shares or by having us withhold shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory tax withholding rate that could be imposed on the transaction. Included in this table are shares withheld during the   third quarter of 2016   principally in connection with the settlement of vested restricted stock units to satisfy tax withholding requirements, in addition to the shares repurchased as part of the stock repurchase program discussed above. 

51 

ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 
    
                     The following exhibits are included herein: 

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 1977); Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 27, 1984 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3B to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 1985); Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 2, 1987 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 1988); Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 1, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 1994); Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 20, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 28, 1996); Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 6, 2007); Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed June 23, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2011). 

3.2 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Cumulative Participating Preferred Stock, filed June 10, 1986 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the document filed as Exhibit 3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 4, 1986). 

3.3 

Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 26, 2003); Corrected Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation, dated April 17, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2003). 

3.4 

Certificate Eliminating Reference to Series B Convertible Preferred Stock From Certificate of Incorporation of Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation, filed June 12, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 6, 2007). 

3.5 

Certificate Eliminating Reference to Series A Cumulative Participating Preferred Stock From Certificate of Incorporation of Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 28, 2007). 

3.6 

Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 12, 2010). 

3.7 

Certificate Eliminating Reference to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock From Certificate of Incorporation of PVH Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2013). 

3.8 

By-Laws of PVH Corp., as amended through April 28, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2016). 

4.1 

Specimen of Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2011). 

52 

4.2 

Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1993, between Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 33-50751) filed on October 26, 1993); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2002 to Indenture dated as of November 1, 1993 between Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended November 3, 2002); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2002 to Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1993, between Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 26, 2003); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 6, 2010, between Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 1, 2010); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2013 to Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1993, between PVH Corp. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 5, 2013). 

4.3 

Indenture, dated as of May 6, 2010, between Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 1, 2010). 

4.4 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2012, to Indenture dated as of May 6, 2010, between PVH Corp. (formerly known as  Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation ) and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2013). 

4.5 

Indenture, dated as of December 20, 2012, between PVH Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 20, 2012). 

4.6 

Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2016, between PVH Corp., U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, Elavon Financial Services Limited, UK Branch, as Paying Agent and Authenticating Agent, and Elavon Financial Services Limited, as Transfer Agent and Registrar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 20, 2016). 

+31.1 

Certification of Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002. 

+31.2 

Certification of Michael Shaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002. 

*,+32.1 

Certification of Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

*,+32.2 

Certification of Michael Shaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

+101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

+101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

+101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

+101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

+101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

+101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

53 

+Filed or furnished herewith. 

* Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
  
    54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PVH CORP. 
        
    Registrant 

Dated: 
    December 6, 2016 
    /s/ JAMES W. HOLMES 

James W. Holmes 

Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

55 

Exhibit Index 
    
  Exhibit    Description 
                 31.1 
    Certification of Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
    Certification of Michael Shaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
    Certification of Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
    Certification of Michael Shaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes   Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31120163q10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  I, Emanuel Chirico, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PVH Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Dated: 
    December 6, 2016 
    /s/ EMANUEL CHIRICO 

Emanuel Chirico 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31220163q10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  I, Michael Shaffer, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PVH Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                      Dated: 
    December 6, 2016 
    /s/ MICHAEL SHAFFER 

Michael Shaffer 

Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Operating   Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32120163q10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PVH Corp. ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended   October 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Emanuel Chirico, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
           (i) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
    December 6, 2016 

By: 
    
    /s/ EMANUEL CHIRICO 

Name: 
    Emanuel Chirico 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32220163q10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PVH Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended   October 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Shaffer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating   Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
    
           (i) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
    December 6, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ MICHAEL SHAFFER 
        
    Name: 
    Michael Shaffer 
  Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Operating   Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pvh-20161030.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pvh-20161030.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pvh-20161030_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pvh-20161030_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pvh-20161030_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pvh-20161030_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

