<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_751978_0001193125-16-750981_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3084679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98363</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>212804</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>525929</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1319805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>787948</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-750981.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028105456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-750981
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VICOR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000751978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				042742817
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18277
		FILM NUMBER:		161957374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 FRONTAGE ROAD
		CITY:			ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01810
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9784702900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 FRONTAGE RD
		CITY:			ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-750981.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 d272556d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, DC 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                         
  Commission File Number 0-18277        
       VICOR
CORPORATION      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

25 Frontage Road, Andover, Massachusetts 01810   
  (Address of Principal Executive Office)   
  (978) 470-2900   
  (Registrant s telephone number)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files.)    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of Common Stock as of  October 21, 2016  was:      

Table of Contents  

  VICOR CORPORATION  
   INDEX TO FORM 10-Q      

Table of Contents  

    VICOR CORPORATION  
   Part I   Financial Information  
   Item 1   Financial Statements  
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In thousands)    (Unaudited)  
   
   See accompanying notes.  
      -1-  

Table of Contents  

    VICOR CORPORATION  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
 (Unaudited)      
   See accompanying notes.  
      -2-  

Table of Contents  

    VICOR CORPORATION  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 (In thousands)    (Unaudited)  

(2) 
 The deferred tax assets associated with cumulative unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities are completely offset by a tax valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Therefore, there is no net
income tax provision (benefit) recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      See
accompanying notes.  
      -3-  

Table of Contents  

    VICOR CORPORATION  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In thousands)    (Unaudited)  
   
   See accompanying notes.  
      -4-  

Table of Contents  

    VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)    1.  Basis of Presentation   
 The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Vicor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
(collectively, the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Accordingly, these interim financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  
 In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair
presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or the year ending December 31, 2016.
The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 presented herein has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for
complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed by the Company with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2016.    2.  Long-Term Investments   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held one auction rate security that had experienced
failed auctions of $3,000,000 at par value, which was purchased through and is held by a broker-dealer affiliate of Bank of America, N.A. (the  Failed Auction Security ). The Failed Auction Security held by the Company is Aaa/AA+ rated by
major credit rating agencies, collateralized by student loans, and guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education under the Federal Family Education Loan Program. Management is not aware of any reason to believe the issuer of the Failed Auction
Security is presently at risk of default. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has continued to receive interest payments on the Failed Auction Security in accordance with the terms of its indenture. Management believes the Company
ultimately should be able to liquidate the Failed Auction Security without significant loss primarily due to the overall quality of the issue held and the collateral securing the substantial majority of the underlying obligation. However, current
conditions in the auction rate securities market have led management to conclude the recovery period for the Failed Auction Security exceeds 12 months. As a result, the Company continued to classify the Failed Auction Security as long-term as
of September 30, 2016.    The following is a summary of available-for-sale securities (in thousands):  

-5-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Failed Auction Security had been in an
unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months.    The amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Failed Auction
Security on September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, is shown below (in thousands):      
   Based on the fair value measurements described in Note 3, the fair value of the Failed
Auction Security on September 30, 2016, with a par value of $3,000,000, was estimated by the Company to be approximately $2,580,000. The gross unrealized loss of $420,000 on the Failed Auction Security consists of two types of estimated loss:
an aggregate credit loss of $62,000 and an aggregate temporary impairment of $358,000. In determining the amount of credit loss, the Company compared the present value of cash flows expected to be collected to the amortized cost basis of the
security, considering credit default risk probabilities and changes in credit ratings as significant inputs, among other factors (See Note 3).  
 The following table represents a rollforward of the activity related to the credit loss recognized in earnings on the Failed
Auction Security for the nine months ended September 30 (in thousands):      
   At this time, the Company has no intent to sell the impaired Failed Auction Security and does
not believe it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell this security. If current market conditions deteriorate further, the Company may be required to record additional unrealized losses. If the credit rating of the security
deteriorates, the Company may be required to adjust the carrying value of the investment through impairment charges recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, and any such impairment adjustments may be material.  
 Based on the Company s ability to access cash and cash equivalents and its expected operating cash flows, management does
not anticipate the current lack of liquidity associated with the Failed Auction Security held will affect the Company s ability to execute its current operating plan.  
 3.  Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company accounts for certain financial assets at fair value, defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. A three-level hierarchy is used to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements.  
      -6-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis included the following as
of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):      
   Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis included the following as of
December 31, 2015 (in thousands):      
   The Company has classified its contingent consideration obligations as Level 3 because the
fair value for these liabilities was determined using unobservable inputs. The liabilities were based on estimated sales of legacy products over the period of royalty payments at the royalty rate (see Note 8), discounted using the Company s
estimated cost of capital.    The Company has classified its brokered certificates of deposit as Level 2 because the fair
value for these investments was determined utilizing observable inputs from non-active markets. The fair values fluctuate with changes in market interest rates obtained from information available in publicly quoted markets. Management tested the
reported fair values by comparing them to net present value calculations utilizing a discount rate based on U.S. Treasury bill and bond yields for similar maturities.  
 As of September 30, 2016, there was insufficient observable auction rate security market information available to
determine the fair value of the Failed Auction Security using Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. As such, the Company s investment in the Failed Auction Security was deemed to require valuation using Level 3 inputs. Management, after consulting
with advisors, valued the Failed Auction Security using analyses and pricing models similar to those used by market participants (i.e., buyers, sellers, and the broker-dealers responsible for execution of the Dutch auction pricing mechanism by which
each issue s interest rate was set). Management utilized a probability weighted discounted cash flow ( DCF ) model to determine the estimated fair value of this security as of September 30, 2016. The major assumptions used in
preparing the DCF model included: estimates for the amount  
      -7-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)

and timing of future interest and principal payments based on default probability assumptions used to measure the credit loss of 2.1%; the rate of return required by investors to own this type of
security in the current environment, which management estimates to be 5.0% above the risk free rate of return; and an estimated timeframe of three to five years for successful auctions for this type of security to occur. In making these assumptions,
management considered relevant factors including: the formula applicable to the security defining the interest rate paid to investors in the event of a failed auction (the  Penalty Rate  forward projections of the interest rate
benchmarks specified in such formulas; the likely timing of principal repayments; the probability of full repayment considering the guarantees by the U.S. Department of Education of the underlying student loans, guarantees by other third
parties, and additional credit enhancements provided through other means; and publicly available pricing data for recently issued student loan asset-backed securities not subject to auctions. In developing its estimate of the rate of return required
by investors to own the security, management compared the Penalty Rate of the Failed Auction Security with yields of actively traded long-term bonds with similar characteristics and, reflecting the limited liquidity for auction rate securities and
the discounts to par value seen in recent tender offers by issuers and arm s length market transactions between informed buyers and sellers, estimated the implied yield (i.e., the discount to par value) necessary to complete a sale of the
Failed Auction Security. Management has calculated an increase or decrease in the liquidity risk premium of 5.0% referenced above of 1.0% (i.e., 100 basis points) as used in the model, would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of
the Failed Auction Security by approximately $100,000.    For purposes of the valuation process for the Failed Auction
Security,  management  consists of senior members of the Company s finance department. The fair value measurements for the Failed Auction Security are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. The calculations are prepared by the
Company s Corporate Controller, in conjunction with information provided by its valuation advisors, and include the development and substantiation of the unobservable inputs. The methodology, assumptions, and calculations are reviewed and
approved by the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer.    The significant unobservable inputs
used in the fair value measurement of the Failed Auction Security are the cumulative probability of earning the maximum rate until maturity, the cumulative probability of principal return prior to maturity, the cumulative probability of default, the
liquidity risk premium, and the recovery rate in default. Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation would result in changes in fair value measurement. Significant increases (decreases) in the cumulative probability
of earning the maximum rate until maturity, the cumulative probability of principal return prior to maturity, and the recovery rate in default would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement, while increases (decreases) in the cumulative
probability of default and the liquidity risk premium would result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement.    Generally,
the interrelationships are such that a change in the assumption used for the cumulative probability of principal return prior to maturity is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the cumulative probability of
earning the maximum rate until maturity and a directionally opposite change in the assumptions used for the cumulative probability of default and the liquidity risk premium. The recovery rate in default is somewhat independent and based upon the
security s specific underlying assets and published recovery rate indices.  
      -8-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  Quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements as of
September 30, 2016 is as follows (dollars in thousands):      

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 

Unobservable 
 Input  
    
 Weighted Average 

Failed Auction Security  
    
 $ 
 2,580 

Discounted cash flow 

Cumulative probability of earning the maximum rate until maturity 

0.03 
 %   

Cumulative probability of principal return prior to maturity 

94.82 
 %   

Cumulative probability of default 

5.15 
 %   

Liquidity risk premium 

5.00 
 %   

Recovery rate in default 

40.00 
 %   
   The change in the estimated fair value calculated for the investment valued on a recurring
basis utilizing Level 3 inputs (i.e., the Failed Auction Security) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands):      

Balance at the beginning of the period  
    
 $ 
 2,526 

Credit gain on available-for-sale securities included in Other income (expense), net  

10 

Gain included in Other comprehensive income (loss)  

44 

Balance at the end of the period  
    
 $ 
 2,580 

The change in the estimated fair value calculated for the liabilities valued on a recurring
basis utilizing Level 3 inputs (i.e., the Contingent consideration obligations) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands):      

Balance at the beginning of the period  
    
 $ 
 144 

Obligation incurred upon acquisition of noncontrolling interest (see Note 8)  

208 

Payments  

(64 
 )   

Balance at the end of the period  
    
 $ 
 288 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  
      -9-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  4.  Stock-Based Compensation   
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock option awards as of their grant
date. Stock-based compensation expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30 was as follows (in thousands):      
   On December 31, 2010, the Company granted 2,984,250 non-qualified stock options under the VI Chip 2007
Stock Option and Incentive Plan with performance-based vesting provisions tied to achievement of certain margin targets by VI Chip Corporation. As of December 31, 2010, the Company determined it was probable the margin targets could be achieved
and, accordingly, began recording stock-based compensation expense relating to these options beginning January 1, 2011. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company determined the margin targets would not be met prior to the expiration date of
the corresponding options, as VI Chip s revenue growth has been below levels necessary to achieve the targets. As a result, in accordance with the accounting guidance for performance-based stock options, the Company reversed approximately
$768,000 of previously recorded stock-based compensation expense in the third quarter of 2016, representing all expense taken for these performance-based options through June 30, 2016. This resulted in decreases in cost of revenues of
$86,000, selling, general and administrative expense of $516,000, and research and development expense of $166,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
      -10-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  5.  Net Income (Loss) per Share   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for the three and nine months
ended September 30 (in thousands, except per share amounts):      

(1) 
 Denominator represents weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding.    

(2) 
 Options to purchase 449,464 and 1,845,289 shares of Common Stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, were not included in the calculation of net income (loss) per share as the effect
would have been antidilutive. Options to purchase 533,689 and 141,971 shares of Common Stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, were not included in the calculation of net income per share as the effect would have
been antidilutive.      6.  Inventories    
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (determined using the first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. Fixed
production overhead is allocated to the inventory cost per unit based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. Abnormal production costs, including fixed cost variances from normal production capacity, if any, are charged to cost of
revenues in the period incurred. All shipping and handling costs incurred in connection with the sale of products are included in cost of revenues.  
 The Company provides reserves for inventories estimated to be excess, obsolete or unmarketable. The Company s estimation
process for assessing net realizable value is based upon its known backlog, projected future demand, historical consumption and expected market conditions. If the Company s estimated demand and/or market expectation were to change or if product
sales were to decline, the Company s estimation process may cause larger inventory reserves to be recorded, resulting in larger charges to cost of revenues.  
      -11-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  Inventories were as follows (in thousands):  
   
   7.  Other Investments    
 In September 2015, Intersil Corporation ( Intersil ) acquired Great Wall Semiconductor Corporation ( GWS ). At that time,
the Company s gross investment in non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS totaled $4,999,719, giving the Company an approximately 27% ownership interest in GWS. The Company received cash consideration of $4,999,719 for its investment from
Intersil, representing full preference value of its shares of non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS. Since the investment in GWS had previously been written down to zero, the full amount of the consideration was recorded as a gain from sale
of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2015.    8.  Noncontrolling Interest Transactions   
 On March 30, 2016, the Company acquired 100% ownership of certain operating assets and cash of its consolidated
subsidiary, Converpower Corporation ( Converpower ), in which it held a 49% ownership interest. The operating assets and cash were acquired in exchange for the Company s common shares representing that 49% interest and the aggregate
dollar amount of royalty payments to be made by the Company to Converpower. The transaction was executed through a newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary, Granite Power Technologies, Inc. ( GPT ), the business operations of which had
formerly existed as a division of Vicor Corporation. The shares of Converpower common stock held by the Company were contributed to GPT prior to the transaction. At the same time that it entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement associated with this
transaction, the Company and Converpower entered into a license agreement providing the Company the right to continue manufacturing certain Converpower products in exchange for payment of royalties, quarterly through June 30, 2021, equal to a
percentage of the revenue generated by the manufacture and sale of these products by GPT. The estimated present value of total future royalties, included in  Contingent consideration obligations  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, is $185,000 (initially $208,000, as of March 31, 2016). Although the Company exchanged its shares representing its 49% equity interest in Converpower, it acquired 100% control of the business
operations. Accordingly, this transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a noncontrolling interest (i.e., an equity transaction). As such, the noncontrolling interest balance in equity associated with Converpower was reduced to zero, and the
additional paid-in capital account was reduced by $208,000, the estimated present value of total future royalties as of March 31, 2016. As a result of the transactions associated with the consolidation of the Converpower operation into GPT, the
Company s aggregate balance of cash, short-term interest receivable, and long-term investments on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2016, declined by approximately $718,000. No amounts were recorded in the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations related to these transactions.    The respective noncontrolling interest holders of
Converpower served as key employees of Converpower prior to the transactions described above.  
      -12-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  9.  Severance and Other Charges   
 A summary of the activity related to the accrued severance charges is as follows (in thousands):  
   
   10.  Product Warranties    
 The Company generally offers a two-year warranty for all of its products, though it is party to a limited number of supply
agreements with certain customers contractually committing the Company to warranty and indemnification requirements exceeding those to which the Company has been exposed in the past. The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties
at the time product revenue is recognized. Factors influencing the Company s warranty reserves include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty returns, and the cost per return. The Company periodically assesses
the adequacy of warranty reserves and adjusts the amounts as necessary. Warranty obligations are included in  Accrued expenses  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 Product warranty activity for the three and nine months ended September 30 was as follows (in thousands):  
   
   11.  Income Taxes    
 The tax provision is based on the estimated annual effective tax rate for the year, which includes estimated federal, state and foreign income
taxes on the Company s projected pre-tax income (loss) and, in 2015, for estimated federal and state income taxes for certain noncontrolling interest subsidiaries that were not part of the Company s consolidated income tax returns . 
 
      -13-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  The provisions for income taxes and the effective income tax rates for the
three and nine months ended September 30 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   The Company s effective tax rate was lower than the statutory tax rate in each 2016 and
2015 period due to the utilization of net operating losses. The provisions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which the Company does not have net operating loss
carryforwards. No tax benefit could be recognized for the majority of the Company s losses during the periods due to a full valuation allowance against all net domestic deferred tax assets. In addition, in connection with the Company s
acquisition of 100% ownership of certain operating assets and cash of Converpower, the related deferred tax liability for unremitted earnings of $55,000 was reversed and recorded as a discrete benefit in the first quarter of 2016 (see Note 8). The
provisions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were primarily due to estimated federal and state taxes for one noncontrolling interest subsidiary, and for estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which the Company does not
have net operating loss carryforwards.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to maintain a valuation
allowance of approximately $25,855,000 against all domestic net deferred tax assets and the majority of foreign net deferred tax assets, for which realization cannot be considered more likely than not at this time.  
 12.  Commitments and Contingencies   
 At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $596,000 of capital expenditure commitments.  
 On January 28, 2011, SynQor, Inc. ( SynQor ) filed a complaint for patent infringement against Ericsson, Inc.
( Ericsson ), Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco ) and the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (the  Texas Action ). Ericsson and Cisco subsequently settled with SynQor and are no longer
parties to the Texas Action. With respect to the Company, SynQor s complaint in the Texas Action alleged that the Company s products, including but not limited to unregulated bus converters used in intermediate bus architecture power
supply systems, infringe SynQor s U.S. patent numbers 7,072,190, 7,272,021, and 7,564,702 ( the  190 patent ,  the  021 patent  and  the  702 patent , respectively). SynQor s complaint sought an
injunction against further infringement and an award of unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and attorney fees. On September 20, 2011, SynQor filed an amended complaint in the Texas Action that further alleged that the
Company s products, including, but not limited to, unregulated bus converters used in intermediate bus architecture power supply systems, infringe SynQor s U.S. patent number 8,023,290 ( the  290 patent ). The Company
responded to SynQor s amended complaint in the Texas Action by denying that it infringes any of the SynQor patents, and asserting that the SynQor patents are invalid. The Company has further alleged that the SynQor  290 patent is
unenforceable due to inequitable conduct by SynQor or its agents during the examination of the  290 patent at the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ). The Company has also asserted counterclaims seeking damages against
SynQor for deceptive trade practices and tortious interference with prospective economic advantage arising from SynQor s attempted enforcement of its patents against the Company.  
 The Company has initiated administrative review proceedings at the USPTO challenging the validity of certain claims of the SynQor patents
asserted in the Texas Action, including all claims that were asserted against the Company by SynQor. Regarding the  190 patent, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board ( PTAB ) of the USPTO issued a decision upholding the validity of the
 190 patent claims. That decision was appealed by the Company to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ( the Federal Circuit ), which issued a decision on March 13, 2015 reversing the PTAB, determining that
certain claims were invalid, and remanding the matter to the PTAB for further proceedings. On May 2, 2016, the PTAB issued a decision determining that all but one  
      -14-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)

of the remaining claims of the  190 patent were invalid and remanding the remaining claim to a patent examiner for further examination. In addition, on that date, the PTAB issued decisions
finding all challenged claims of SynQor s  021 patent invalid and upholding the validity of all challenged claims of SynQor s  702 and  290 patents. The Company has filed an appeal with the Federal Circuit from the
PTAB s decision upholding the validity of the challenged claims of the  702 and  290 patents. SynQor has filed an appeal with the Federal Circuit from the PTAB s decision that the challenged claims of the  021 patent are
invalid. Decisions in these appeals are not expected until 2017. On May 23, 2016, the Texas Court issued an order staying the Texas Action until the completion of all of the administrative review proceedings concerning the asserted SynQor
patents, including any appeals from such proceedings to the Federal Circuit.    The Company continues to believe none of its products,
including its unregulated bus converters, infringe any valid claim of the asserted SynQor patents, either alone or when used in an intermediate bus architecture implementation, including such use by Cisco. The Company believes SynQor s claims
lack merit and, therefore, continues to vigorously defend itself against SynQor s patent infringement allegations. The Company does not believe a loss is probable for this matter. If a loss were to be incurred, however, the Company cannot
estimate the amount of possible loss or range of possible loss at this time.    In addition to the SynQor matter, the Company is involved in
certain other litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of its business. While the outcome of lawsuits and claims against the Company cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not expect any current litigation or claims to have a
material adverse impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.    13.  Segment Information    
 The Company has organized its business segments according to its key product lines. The Brick Business Unit segment
( BBU ) designs, develops, manufactures and markets the Company s modular DC-DC converters and configurable products, and also includes the entities comprising Vicor Custom Power and the BBU operations of Vicor Japan Company, Ltd.
( VJCL ). The VI Chip segment includes VI Chip Corporation, which designs, develops, manufactures and markets many of the Company s advanced power component products. The VI Chip segment also includes the VI Chip business conducted
through VJCL. The Picor segment includes Picor Corporation, which designs, develops, manufactures and markets integrated circuits and related products for use in a variety of power management and power system applications. The Picor segment develops
these products for use in the Company s BBU and VI Chip modules, to be sold as complements to the Company s BBU and VI Chip products, or for sale to third parties for separate (i.e., stand-alone) applications.  
 The Company s chief operating decision maker evaluates performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and
segment operating income (loss). The operating income (loss) for each segment includes selling, general and administrative and research and development expenses directly attributable to the segment. Certain of the Company s indirect overhead
costs, which include corporate selling, general and administrative expenses, are allocated among the segments based upon an estimate of costs associated with each segment. Assets allocated to each segment are based upon specific identification of
such assets, which include accounts receivable, inventories, fixed assets and certain other assets. The Corporate segment consists of those operations and assets shared by all segments. The costs of certain centralized executive and administrative
functions are recorded in this segment, as are certain shared assets, most notably cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, long-term investments, the Company s facilities in Massachusetts, real estate and other assets. The
Company s accounting policies and method of presentation for segments are consistent with that used throughout the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      -15-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  The following table provides segment financial data for the three months
ended September 30 (in thousands):      
   The following table provides segment financial data for the nine months ended
September 30 (in thousands):      

(1) 
 The elimination for net revenues is principally related to inter-segment sales by Picor to BBU and VI Chip and for inter-segment sales by VI Chip to BBU. The elimination for total assets is principally related to
inter-segment accounts receivable due to BBU for the funding of VI Chip and Picor operations.      14.  Impact of Recently Issued Accounting
Standards      In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance to clarify how
certain cash receipts and cash payments should be presented in the statement of cash flows. These include debt prepayment, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from
the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees and beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The new guidance is effective
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company has not yet determined the impact this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.  
      -16-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 September 30, 2016    (unaudited)
     
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for employee share-based payment
accounting, which makes several modifications to existing guidance related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. This
new guidance also clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted. The Company has not yet determined the impact this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for lease accounting, which will require lessees to recognize all leases with a
duration of greater than twelve months on the balance sheet. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company has not yet determined the impact this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued new guidance for inventory accounting, which will require companies to measure in scope inventory
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Current guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. The new guidance does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or
retail inventory methods. The guidance applies to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out ( FIFO ), which the Company employs, or average cost methods. The new guidance will be effective for
the Company on January 1, 2017, and is to be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company does not anticipate the new guidance will have a material impact on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.    In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance for revenue
recognition, which will require an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The new guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles when it becomes effective which, for the Company, will now be on January 1, 2018, as on July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of the new standard by one year. The standard
permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. While the Company has begun its
assessment of the new standard and plans to utilize the cumulative effect transition method, it has not yet determined the effect the standard will have on its ongoing financial reporting.  
      -17-  

Table of Contents  

  VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 
30, 2016       Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    Except for statements of historical fact contained herein, statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   intends, 
 estimates,   plans,   assumes,   may,   will,   would,   should,   continue,   prospective,   project,  and other similar words or expressions
identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the transition of the Company s business strategically and organizationally from serving a large number of relatively low volume
customers across diversified markets and geographies to serving a small number of relatively large volume customers, typically concentrated in computing and communications; the level of customer orders overall and, in particular, from large
customers and the delivery lead times associated therewith; the financial and operational impact of customer changes to shipping schedules; the derivation of a portion of the Company s sales in each quarter from orders booked in the same
quarter; the Company s ongoing development of power conversion architectures, switching topologies, packaging technologies, and products; the Company s plans to invest in expanded manufacturing capacity and the timing and location thereof;
the Company s continued success depending in part on its ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the Company s belief that cash generated from operations and the total of its cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund
operations for the foreseeable future; the Company s belief that it has limited exposure to currency risks; the Company s intentions regarding the declaration and payment of cash dividends; the Company s intentions regarding
protecting its rights under its patents; and the Company s expectation that no current litigation or claims will have a material adverse impact on its financial position or results of operations. These statements are based upon the
Company s current expectations and estimates as to the prospective events and circumstances which may or may not be within the Company s control and as to which there can be no assurance. Actual results could differ materially from those
expressed or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the Company s ability to: grow its revenues, establish and maintain profitability, develop and market new products and technologies cost effectively,
and on a timely basis leverage the Company s new technologies in standard products to promote market acceptance of the Company s new approach to power system architecture; leverage design wins into increased product sales; continue to meet
requirements of key customers and prospects; enter into licensing agreements increasing the Company s market opportunity and accelerating market penetration; realize significant royalties under such licensing agreements; achieve sustainable
bookings rates for the Company s products across served markets and geographies; improve manufacturing and operating efficiencies; successfully enforce the Company s intellectual property rights; successfully defend outstanding litigation;
hire and retain key personnel; and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, including the Company s ability to obtain required financial information for investments on a timely basis, the Company s
ability to assess the value of assets, including illiquid investments, and the accounting therefor. These and other factors that may influence actual results are described in the risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under Part I, Item I    Business,  under Part I, Item 1A    Risk Factors,  under Part I, Item 3    Legal Proceedings,  and under
Part II, Item 7    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  The risk factors contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 may not be exhaustive. Therefore, the information contained therein should be read together with other reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including Forms 10-Q, 8-K and
10-K, which may supplement, modify, supersede or update those risk factors. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of future events or developments.  
  Overview     We design, develop,
manufacture, and market modular power components and power systems for converting, regulating, and controlling electric current. We also license certain rights to our technology in return for recurring royalties. The principal customers for our
power converters and systems are large original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and their contract manufacturers, and smaller, lower volume users. We serve a broad range of market segments and geographies worldwide.  
 We have organized our business segments according to our key product lines. Reflecting our history and direction, we broadly categorize
our products as either  legacy  or  advanced , generally based on design, performance, and form factor considerations, as well as the range of applications for which the products are appropriate.  
      -18-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  The BBU segment designs, develops, manufactures and markets our legacy lines of DC-DC
converters and configurable products, as well as complementary components providing AC line rectification, input filtering, power factor correction, and transient protection. The BBU segment also includes the BBU business conducted through VJCL and
our Vicor Custom Power subsidiaries. The BBU has customers concentrated in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, industrial automation and equipment, medical diagnostics, rail transportation, and test and measurement instrumentation.  
 As previously disclosed, on March 30, 2016, we acquired 100% ownership of certain operating assets and cash of Converpower Corporation
( Converpower ). We also entered into a license with Converpower allowing us to continue manufacturing certain products and supporting existing customers. With the closing of the Converpower transaction, we have completed the consolidation
of our Vicor Custom Power operations into three wholly-owned subsidiaries.    The VI Chip segment consists of our subsidiary, VI Chip
Corporation, which designs, develops, manufactures, and markets many of our advanced power component products. The VI Chip segment also includes the VI Chip business conducted through VJCL. VI Chip targets large, high-volume customers concentrated
in the datacenter and supercomputer segments of the computing market, although we also target applications in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, electric and hybrid vehicles, instrumentation and test equipment, and networking equipment.
   The Picor segment consists of our subsidiary, Picor Corporation, which designs, develops, manufactures, and markets integrated circuits
and related solid-state products for use in a variety of power management and power system applications. Picor develops these products for use in our BBU and VI Chip modules, to be sold as complements to our BBU and VI Chip products, or for sale to
third parties for separate (i.e., stand-alone) applications, often integrated with VI Chip products to represent a customer solution, particularly in the datacenter and supercomputer segments of the computing market.  
 Our consolidated results continued to reflect recent trends and circumstances, particularly the negative influence on our revenue and
profitability of general weakness of demand for our legacy products due to global macroeconomic uncertainty. Customer interest in our expanding portfolio of advanced products continues to increase, but we are encountering longer sales cycles
than originally anticipated, attributable, in part, to the same trends and circumstances influencing our legacy product lines. However, since the first quarter of 2016, our 48 Volt to Point-of-Load solutions have received significant, high profile
recognition from customers, user groups, and trade publications. We believe this heightened visibility, along with the implied endorsements of our solutions, will contribute to shortened sales cycles.  
 We believe the following factors influenced our results for the third quarter of 2016 and may continue to influence our results for the
foreseeable future:      

Global demand for our legacy brick converters, configurable products, and associated components remains weak and unpredictable, given the macroeconomic variables underlying customer confidence across industries and
geographies. Our legacy products are commonly used in high-value capital goods and sizeable infrastructure projects, the end demand for which has lagged, reflecting low-growth economies and budgetary uncertainty. Although we have completed
initiatives to reduce our exposure to certain problematic market segments, notably the custom portion of defense electronics, we expect to experience relatively flat aggregate demand for the BBU until macroeconomic trends improve.    

      -19-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      

Our profitability is closely aligned with production volumes, as evidenced by our improved third quarter gross margin performance. We manufacture our products in Andover, Massachusetts, in a state-of-the-art, highly
automated factory. While direct labor and associated costs are scaled with volume, extended periods of low activity and/or small production runs contribute to lower profitability, largely due to lower overhead absorption, which is less scalable,
given the sophistication and complexity of our manufacturing processes. An additional influence on product-level profitability has been the availability and delivery timing of certain materials and components we use in our products. Due to the same
economic uncertainty we and our customers are experiencing, our suppliers are facing production and scheduling challenges. While first quarter shipments of legacy products were lower, in part, due to supplier delays, our aggressive efforts to
improve supply continuity and inventory management resulted in no such delays during the subsequent two quarters. Although our actions have reduced the likelihood and potential impact of supply chain disruption, we anticipate supplier delays may
again be an influence on production volumes for the foreseeable future.        

We have focused our organization on the promising opportunities for our advanced products, in which we have invested a substantial amount of research and development effort and dollars. Many of these opportunities are
in the early phases of expansion, and we are committed to expanding our product lines and our ability to serve and support customers in pursuit of these opportunities. As such, our operating costs have been high, relative to revenue levels, and
likely will remain relatively high until revenue from our legacy products recovers and revenue from our newer advanced products increases on a sustained basis.        

Customer adoption of certain new products has been delayed by unanticipated market influences beyond our control. For example, our leadership position in the transition of datacenter computing to 48 Volt to
Point-of-Load solutions using our Factorized Power Architecture was the basis for our expectation of an earlier, higher-volume uptake of such solutions and our decisions to focus our resources on such opportunities. However, delays in the transition
of processor generations and associated supply chain disruption caused repeated delays in customer purchase orders. We continue to believe our new products, notably our 48 Volt to Point-of-Load solutions for datacenters, will be adopted in volume by
multiple, leading customers, particularly in light of various announcements during the first and second quarters from two industry trade organizations regarding adoption and support of 48 Volt bus architectures. However, we cannot control the
actions by, nor the timing, of our customers, their contract manufacturers, or the significant vendors also participating in the market.        

Our consolidated financial results have recently been influenced by adjustments associated with operational restructuring initiatives. As addressed in prior filings, during the first quarter of 2016, we completed the
consolidation of our Vicor Custom Power operations, reducing our six domestic locations to three. While this consolidation disrupted the sales, bookings, and manufacturing patterns of the custom operations for the fourth quarter of 2015 and the
first quarter of 2016, we believe we are currently achieving our competitive and performance goals.        

During the third quarter of 2016, we reversed approximately $768,000 of stock-based compensation expense related to certain VI Chip performance-based stock options. This resulted in decreases to cost of revenues of
$86,000, selling, general, and administrative expense of $516,000 and research and development expense of $166,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. (See Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements).
     Consolidated net revenues for the third quarter of 2016 increased by 9.4% to $53,227,000 from $48,664,000 for the third
quarter of 2015, primarily due to higher customer bookings in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, and increased by 0.5% on a sequential basis from $52,941,000 for the second quarter of 2016. Export sales as a percentage
of total revenues for the respective quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately 59% and 57%, reflecting the relatively high volume, during the third quarter of 2016, of shipments to off-shore contract manufacturers serving
customers of our 48 Volt to Point-of-Load solutions. Gross margin increased to $25,923,000 for the third quarter of 2016 from $21,286,000 for the third quarter of 2015, and  
      -20-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  
increased on a sequential basis from $24,471,000 for the second quarter of 2016. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 48.7% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 43.7% for
the third quarter of 2015, due to the increase in revenues, and increased on a sequential basis from 46.2% for the second quarter of 2016, due to the sequential increase in revenues and a more favorable product mix.  
 Consolidated net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by 9.8% to $152,195,000 from $168,800,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an overall 12.8% decrease in bookings for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended June 30, 2015. Export sales as a percentage of total revenues for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately 60%. Gross margin decreased to $69,710,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $76,687,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased to 45.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 45.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The lower gross margin dollars is primarily due to the lower
net revenues, while the higher gross margin percentage was primarily due to a more favorable product mix and lower charges for inventory and warranty reserves in 2016 compared to 2015.  
 Backlog, representing the total of orders for products for which shipment is scheduled within the next 12 months, was $42,124,000 at the end
of the third quarter of 2016, as compared to $41,674,000 at the end of the second quarter of 2016.    Operating expenses for the third
quarter of 2016 increased $146,000, or 0.6%, to $23,650,000 from $23,504,000 for the third quarter of 2015, due to an increase in research and development expense of $217,000 partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative
expenses of $71,000. The primary elements of the increase in research and development expenses were project and pre-production materials of $372,000 and compensation expenses of $194,000, partially offset by decreases in deferred costs of $206,000,
depreciation and amortization of $143,000, and facilities expenses of $57,000. The increase in compensation expense was partially offset by the reversal of stock-based compensation expense, discussed above, of $166,000. The primary components of the
decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses were declines in compensation expenses of $188,000, advertising expenses of $103,000, commissions expense of $96,000, and legal fees of $90,000, partially offset by increases in travel
expenses of $137,000, outside services of $116,000, and audit, tax, and accounting fees of $98,000. The decrease in compensation expense was due to the reversal of stock-based compensation expense of $516,000, discussed above, partially offset by
annual compensation adjustments in May 2016.    Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $1,035,000,
or 1.4%, to $73,467,000 from $74,502,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,688,000, partially offset by an increase in research and development
expense of $653,000. The primary components of the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses were declines in compensation expenses of $752,000, commissions expense of $581,000, legal fees of $330,000, supplies expense of
$166,000, and project expenses of $105,000, partially offset by increases in outside services of $243,000, and travel expenses of $231,000. The primary elements of the increase in research and development expenses were project and
pre-production materials of $765,000, compensation expenses of $496,000, and set-up and tooling expenses of $104,000, partially offset by decreases in depreciation and amortization of $211,000, deferred costs of $183,000, and facilities expenses of
$178,000.    In September 2015, Intersil Corporation ( Intersil ) acquired Great Wall Semiconductor Corporation ( GWS ).
At that time, our gross investment in non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS totaled $4,999,719, giving us an approximately 27% ownership interest in GWS. We received cash consideration of $4,999,719 for our investment from Intersil,
representing full preference value of our shares of non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS. Since the investment in GWS had previously been written down to zero, the full amount of the consideration was recorded as a gain from sale of equity
method investment in the third quarter of 2015.    Net income attributable to Vicor Corporation for the third quarter of 2016 was
$2,336,000, or $0.06 per diluted share, compared to net income attributable to Vicor Corporation of $2,503,000, or $0.06 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2015, and net loss attributable to Vicor Corporation of $(544,000), or $ (0.01) per
share, for the second quarter of 2016.  
      -21-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Net loss attributable to Vicor Corporation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
was $(3,559,000), or $(0.09) per share, compared to net income attributable to Vicor Corporation of $6,679,000, or $0.17 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization totaled $6,384,000, and capital additions totaled $6,368,000,
compared to totals of $6,954,000 and $5,596,000, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Inventories increased
by approximately $3,120,000, or 13.3%, to $26,562,000, compared to $23,442,000 at December 31, 2015. This increase was primarily associated with increases in VI Chip and Picor inventories of $2,533,000 and $754,000, respectively, to meet
increased bookings for the two segments.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 Please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a summary of the Company s
critical accounting policies and estimates.     Three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to three months ended September 30, 2015
    Consolidated net revenues for the third quarter of 2016 were $53,227,000, an increase of $4,563,000, or 9.4%, as compared to
$48,664,000 for the third quarter of 2015, and an increase of $286,000, or 0.5%, on a sequential basis from $52,941,000 for the second quarter of 2016.  
 Net revenues, by segment, for the third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
   The increase in consolidated net revenues for the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 was
primarily due to an overall 6.9% increase in bookings in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015. VI Chip and Picor bookings increased by 163.1% and 218.0%, respectively, while BBU bookings declined 18.9%. The decrease in
BBU revenues was primarily attributable to a decrease in BBU module and configurable product revenues of approximately $1,816,000 and a decrease in Vicor Custom Power revenues of $1,755,000 due to the consolidation of operations noted above.
Revenues recorded by VI Chip for the third quarter of 2016 were associated largely with fulfillment of increased orders for our 48 Volt to Point-of-Load solutions. Customer bookings patterns continue to be unpredictable, particularly for the VI Chip
and Picor segments.    Gross margin for the third quarter of 2016 increased $4,637,000, or 21.8%, to $25,923,000, from $21,286,000 for the
third quarter of 2015. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 48.7% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 43.7% for the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to the increase in net revenues and a more favorable product mix.  

      -22-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses were $13,312,000 for the third quarter of 2016,
a decrease of $71,000, or 0.5%, from $13,383,000 for the third quarter of 2015. Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 25.0% for the third quarter of 2016 from 27.5% for the third quarter of 2015,
primarily due to the increase in net revenues.    The components of the $71,000 decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for
the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      

(1) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to the reversal of VI Chip performance-based stock compensation expense (see Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) and the disposition of certain Vicor Custom Power
subsidiaries, partially offset by annual compensation adjustments in May 2016.    

(2) 
 Decrease primarily attributed to decreases in sales support expenses, direct mailings, and advertising in trade publications.    

(3) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to the decrease in net revenues subject to commissions.    

(4) 
 Increase primarily attributable to an increase in the use of outside consultants at certain international locations.    

(5) 
 Increase primarily attributable to increased travel by the Company s sales and marketing personnel.    
      -23-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Research and development expenses were $10,338,000 for the third quarter of 2016, an increase
of $217,000, or 2.1%, compared to $10,121,000 for the third quarter of 2015. As a percentage of net revenues, research and development expenses decreased to 19.4% for the third quarter of 2016 from 20.8% for the third quarter of 2015, primarily due
to the increase in net revenues.    The components of the $217,000 increase in research and development expenses were as follows (dollars in
thousands):      

(1) 
 Increase primarily attributable to increases in spending by the BBU and VI Chip segments.    

(2) 
 Increase primarily attributable to annual compensation adjustments in May 2016.    

(3) 
 Decrease attributable to certain BBU segment fixed assets becoming fully depreciated during 2016.    

(4) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to an increase in deferred costs capitalized for certain non-recurring engineering projects for which the related revenues have been deferred.    
 The significant components of  Other income (expense), net  for the three months ended September 30, and the changes between
the periods were as follows (in thousands):      
   During the second quarter of 2016, we began recognizing rental income under a new leasing agreement with a
third party for the former Westcor facility. Our exposure to market risk fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relate primarily to the operations of VJCL, for which the functional currency is the Japanese Yen. The functional currency of
all other subsidiaries in Europe and Asia is the U.S. Dollar. While our Vicor B.V. operation also potentially exposes us to exchange rate risk, as that subsidiary s sales are denominated in Euros and Pounds Sterling, any periodic gains or
losses associated with exchange rate fluctuations are small, given the small U.S. Dollar value of shipments we make to Vicor B.V.  
      -24-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Income before income taxes was $2,484,000 for the third quarter of 2016, as compared to loss
before taxes of $(2,217,000) for the third quarter of 2015.    The provision for income taxes and the effective income tax rates for the
third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   Our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate in both 2016 and 2015 due to the utilization of net
operating losses. The provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not have net operating loss carryforwards. No tax benefit could be recognized for the
majority of our losses during the period due to a full valuation allowance against all net domestic deferred tax assets. The provision for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to estimated federal and state taxes for one
noncontrolling interest subsidiary, and for estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not have net operating loss carryforwards.  
 In September 2015, Intersil acquired GWS. At that time, our gross investment in non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS totaled
$4,999,719, giving us an approximately 27% ownership interest in GWS. We received cash consideration of $4,999,719 for our investment from Intersil, representing full preference value of our shares of non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS.
Since the investment in GWS had previously been written down to zero, the full amount of the consideration was recorded as a gain from sale of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2015.  
 Net income per diluted share attributable to Vicor Corporation was $0.06 for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015.  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015   
 Consolidated net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $152,195,000, a decrease of $16,605,000, or 9.8%, from
$168,800,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Net revenues, by segment, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   The overall decrease in consolidated net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to an overall 12.8% decrease in bookings for the nine months ended June 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended June 30, 2015, which included a 12.4% decrease for BBU and a
41.8% decrease for Picor. Customer bookings patterns continue to be unpredictable, particularly with the VI Chip and Picor segments. The decrease in BBU revenues was primarily attributable to a decrease in BBU module and configurable product
revenues of approximately $13,054,000 and a decrease in Vicor Custom Power revenues of $3,904,000, due to the consolidation of operations noted above.  
      -25-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $6,977,000, or 9.1%,
to $69,710,000 from $76,687,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenues increased to 45.8% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 from 45.4% for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015. The lower gross margin dollars is primarily due to the lower net revenues, while the higher gross margin percentage was primarily due to a more favorable product mix and lower charges for inventory and warranty reserves in
2016 compared to 2015.    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $41,643,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a
decrease of $1,688,000, or 3.9%, compared to $43,331,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 27.4% for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 from 25.7% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the decreases in net revenues.  
 The components of the $1,688,000 decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      

(1) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to the reversal of VI Chip performance-based stock compensation expense (see Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements), the consolidation of Westcor operations, and the
disposition of certain Vicor Custom Power subsidiaries, partially offset by annual compensation adjustments in May 2016.    

(2) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to the decrease in net revenues subject to commissions.    

(3) 
 Decrease attributable to reduced activity associated with the patent infringement claims filed against the Company during the first quarter of 2011 by SynQor. See Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.    

(4) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to a decrease in spending by the VI Chip segment.    

(5) 
 Increase primarily attributable to increased travel by the Company s sales and marketing personnel.    

(6) 
 Increase primarily attributable to an increase in the use of outside consultants by our information systems and technology department, and by certain international locations.    
      -26-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  Research and development expenses were $31,824,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $653,000, or 2.1%, from $31,171,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a percentage of net revenues, research and development expenses increased to 20.9% for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2016 from 18.5% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to the lower revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 The components of the $653,000 increase in research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      

(1) 
 Increase primarily attributable to increases in spending by the BBU and VI Chip segments.    

(2) 
 Increase primarily attributable to annual compensation adjustments in May 2016.    

(3) 
 Increase primarily attributable to an increase in tooling charges associated with the development of VI Chip products.    

(4) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to a decrease in utilities and building maintenance expenses.    

(5) 
 Decrease primarily attributable to an increase in deferred costs capitalized for certain non-recurring engineering projects for which the related revenues have been deferred.    

(6) 
 Decrease attributable to certain BBU segment fixed assets becoming fully depreciated during 2016.    
      -27-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
  The significant components of  Other income (expense), net  for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and the changes from period to period were as follows (in thousands):      
   During the second quarter of 2016, we began recognizing rental income under a new leasing agreement with a
third party for the former Westcor facility. Our exposure to market risk for fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relates primarily to the operations of VJCL, for which the functional currency is the Japanese Yen. The functional currency
of the subsidiaries in Europe and other subsidiaries in Asia is the U.S. Dollar. While our Vicor B.V. operation also potentially exposes us to exchange rate risk, as that subsidiary s sales are denominated in Euros and Pounds Sterling, any
periodic gains or losses associated with exchange rate fluctuations are small, given the small U.S. Dollar value of shipments we make to Vicor B.V.  
 Income (loss) before income taxes was $(3,407,000) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,196,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.    The provision for income taxes and the effective income tax rates for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):      
   Our effective tax rate was lower than the statutory rate in both 2016 and 2015 due to the utilization of net
operating losses. The provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not have net operating loss carryforwards. No tax benefit could be recognized for the
majority of our losses during the period due to a full valuation allowance against all net domestic deferred tax assets. In addition, in connection with our acquisition of 100% ownership of certain operating assets and cash of Converpower, the
related deferred tax liability for unremitted earnings of $55,000 was reversed and recorded as a discrete benefit in the first quarter of 2016 (see Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements). The provision for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 was primarily due to estimated federal and state taxes for one noncontrolling interest subsidiary, and for estimated state taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not have net operating loss carryforwards.  
 In September 2015, Intersil acquired GWS. At that time, our gross investment in non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS totaled
$4,999,719, giving us an approximately 27% ownership interest in GWS. We received cash consideration of $4,999,719 for our investment from Intersil, representing full preference value of our shares of non-voting convertible preferred stock of GWS.
Since the investment in GWS had previously been written down to zero, the full amount of the consideration was recorded as a gain from sale of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2015.  
 Net loss per share attributable to Vicor Corporation was $(0.09) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income per
diluted share of $0.17 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      -28-  

Table of Contents  

VICOR CORPORATION  
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of  
 Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
 September 30, 2016      
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $55,066,000 in cash and cash equivalents. The ratio of total current assets to total current liabilities
was 5.3:1 as of September 30, 2016 and 5.6:1 as of December 31, 2015. Working capital, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, decreased $3,606,000 to $91,299,000 as of September 30, 2016 from $94,905,000 as of
December 31, 2015.    The changes in working capital from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 were as follows (in
thousands):      
   The primary uses of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was for operating activities of
$1,584,000 and the purchase of equipment of $6,368,000.    In November 2000, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to
$30,000,000 of our Common Stock (the  November 2000 Plan ). The November 2000 Plan authorizes us to make such repurchases from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amounts of Common
Stock repurchases are at the discretion of management based on its view of economic and financial market conditions. We did not repurchase shares of Common Stock under the November 2000 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As
of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $8,541,000 remaining under the November 2000 Plan.    Our primary liquidity needs are for
making continuing investments in manufacturing equipment. We believe cash generated from operations and the total of our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund planned operations and capital equipment purchases for the foreseeable
future. We had approximately $596,000 of capital expenditure commitments, principally for manufacturing equipment, as of September 30, 2016.  
      -29-  

Table of Contents  

  Vicor Corporation  
 September 30, 2016  
    Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including changes in interest rates affecting the return on our cash and cash equivalents and
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As our cash and cash equivalents consist principally of cash accounts and money market securities, which are short-term in nature, we believe our exposure to market risk on interest rate fluctuations
for these investments is not significant. As of September 30, 2016, our long-term investment portfolio, recorded on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as  Long-term investments, net , consisted of a single auction rate security
with a par value of $3,000,000, purchased through and held in custody by a broker-dealer affiliate of Bank of America, N.A., that has experienced failed auctions (the  Failed Auction Security ) since February 2008. While the Failed Auction
Security is Aaa/AA+ rated by major credit rating agencies, collateralized by student loans and guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Education under the Federal Family Education Loan Program, continued failure to sell at its periodic auction dates
(i.e., reset dates) could negatively impact the carrying value of the investment, in turn leading to impairment charges in future periods. Periodic changes in the fair value of the Failed Auction Security attributable to credit loss (i.e., risk of
the issuer s default) are recorded through earnings as a component of  Other income (expense), net , with the remainder of any periodic change in fair value not related to credit loss (i.e., temporary  mark-to-market 
carrying value adjustments) recorded in  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income , a component of Stockholders  Equity. Should we conclude a decline in the fair value of the Failed Auction Security is other than temporary, such
losses would be recorded through earnings as a component of  Other income (expense), net . We do not believe there was an  other-than-temporary  decline in value in this security as of September 30, 2016.  
 Our exposure to market risk for fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relates primarily to the operations of VJCL, for which the
functional currency is the Japanese Yen, and changes in the relative value of the Yen to the U.S. Dollar. As the functional currency of all other subsidiaries in Europe and other subsidiaries in Asia is the U.S. Dollar, we believe risk to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates is not significant, as these operations do not incur material foreign exchange exposures.      
 Item 4   Controls and Procedures     (a) Disclosure regarding controls and procedures.  
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) (who is our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) (who is our principal financial officer), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the last fiscal quarter (i.e., September 30, 2016). The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the
reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our CEO and CFO concluded, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at the reasonable assurance level.    A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Accordingly, management, including the CEO and CFO, recognizes our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all errors
and all fraud. The design of a control system must reflect the fact there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Projections of any control s effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
policies or procedures.  
      -30-  

Table of Contents  

Vicor Corporation  
 September 30, 2016      
  (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting.  
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      -31-  

Table of Contents  

  Vicor Corporation  
   Part II   Other Information  
 September 
30, 2016       Item 1   Legal Proceedings   
 See Note 12.  Commitments and Contingencies  in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1  
 Financial Statements.        Item 1A   Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A    Risk Factors  of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       Item 6   Exhibits   

Exhibit Number  
    
   Description   

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101 
    
 The following material from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii)
the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  
 
      -32-  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

VICOR CORPORATION  

Date: October 28, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Patrizio Vinciarelli   

Patrizio Vinciarelli  

Chairman of the Board, President and  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: October 28, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ James A. Simms   

James A. Simms  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  
 
      -33-  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d272556dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION    I,
 Patrizio Vinciarelli , certify:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vicor Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: October 28, 2016 

/s/ Patrizio Vinciarelli   

Patrizio Vinciarelli  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d272556dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION    I,
 James A. Simms , certify:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vicor Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: October 28, 2016 

/s/ James A. Simms   

James A. Simms  

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d272556dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Vicor Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,
Patrizio Vinciarelli, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Patrizio Vinciarelli   
 
 Patrizio Vinciarelli  
 
 President, Chairman of the Board and  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
   October 28, 2016    A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d272556dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Vicor Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James
A. Simms, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ James A. Simms   
 
 James A. Simms  
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  
   October 28, 2016    A signed
original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vicr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vicr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vicr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vicr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vicr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vicr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

