<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_946644_0001615774-16-008259_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3501426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218872</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>281471</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>721185</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1429647</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>779809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008259.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114162012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008259
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				520845822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27072
		FILM NUMBER:		161995001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1617 JFK BLVD, SUITE #500
		STREET 2:		ONE PENN CENTER
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-988-0080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1617 JFK BLVD, SUITE #500
		STREET 2:		ONE PENN CENTER
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008259.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 s104631_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016 

Commission File Number: 1-13441 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 
       
     52-0845822  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer  
 
     incorporation or organization) 
       
     Identification No.)  

1617 JFK Boulevard, Suite 500, Philadelphia,
PA 19103  

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(215) 988-0080  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

(Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  x 
Yes          No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  x  Yes          No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
               Accelerated filer  
 
              Non-accelerated filer 
      x       Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes  x 
No 

24,105,569 shares of common stock were outstanding as of November
1, 2016. 

PART I   - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1 :  Financial Statements  

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (in thousands, except for share and per share
amounts) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss  

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders'
Equity  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

 (in thousands except share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

 (in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1: Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( Company ).
The Company has three domestic subsidiaries: BioPro Corp., BioAegean Corp. and Core Biotech Corp., all of which are incorporated
in Delaware and are dormant. The Company also has a foreign subsidiary, Hemispherx Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A., which was established
in Belgium in 1998. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

In the opinion of Management,
all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of such consolidated financial statements have been included. Such adjustments
consist of normal recurring items. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. 

The interim consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto are presented as permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ),
and do not contain certain information which will be included in the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto. 

These consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

On August 17, 2016, the
Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split at a
ratio in the range of 1-for-8 to 1-for-12. The Company s Board of Directors approved the implementation of the reverse stock
split at a ratio 1-for-12. All per share numbers for prior periods have been revised to give retroactive effect to this reverse
stock split .  

Note 2:   Net Loss Per Share  

Basic and diluted net loss
per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Equivalent common
shares, consisting of stock options and warrants which amounted to 4,129,215 and 1,423,190 shares for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share since their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Note 3: Equity-Based Compensation   

The fair value of each
option and equity warrant award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing valuation model.
Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the price of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate
is based on U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected life of the option and equity warrant. The Company uses historical
data to estimate expected dividend yield, expected life and forfeiture rates. There were 247,917 and 66,666 options
granted to employees and non-employees in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Stock option for employees' activity during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Stock option activity for employees: 

Unvested stock option activity for employees: 

Stock option activity for non-employees: 

Unvested stock option activity for non-employees during the year: 

The impact on the Company s
results of operations of recording equity-based compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was to increase
costs and expenses by approximately $125,000 and $148,000, respectively, which increased loss per share by $0.01. 

As of September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, there was $332,000 and $231,000 of unrecognized equity-based compensation cost related to options granted
under the Equity Incentive Plan. 

On January 26, 2016, the
Board, based on the recommendation of its Compensation Committee, established two programs - the 2016 Senior Executive Deferred
Cash Performance Award Plan for Dr. William A. Carter and Thomas K. Equels, the Company s two primary executive officers,
and the 2016 Voluntary Incentive Stock Award Plan for Company employees and Board members other than Dr. Carter and Mr. Equels.
Both Plans include a Base Pay Supplement provision. 

The Company maintains a
record of the number of shares of stock represented by each Incentive Right issued out of the 2016 Voluntary Incentive Stock Award
Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted rights to 140,936 split adjusted incentive shares and
recorded $219,000 in equity-based compensation under this Plan. 

Note 4: Inventories  

The Company uses the lower
of first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) cost or market method of accounting for inventory. 

Commercial sales of Alferon 
will not resume until new batches of commercial filled and finished product are produced and released by the FDA. The Company is
continuing the validation of Alferon  production and production of new Alferon  API inventory commenced in February 2015.
While the facility is approved by the FDA under the Biological License Application ( BLA ) for Alferon , this status
will need to be reaffirmed by an FDA pre-approval inspection. The Company will also need the FDA s approval to release commercial
product once it has submitted satisfactory stability and quality release data. Due to the Company extending the timeline of Alferon 
production to an excess of one year, the Company reclassified Alferon  work-process-inventory to other assets within the Company s
balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. 

Note 5: Marketable Securities  

Marketable securities consist
of mutual funds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, it was determined that none of the marketable securities
had other-than-temporary impairments. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all securities were classified as available
for sale investments and were measured as Level 1 instruments of the fair value measurements standard. 

Securities classified as available for sale
consisted of: 

Unrealized losses on investments  

Investments with continuous
unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related fair values were as follows: 

September 30, 2016 

As of September 30, 2016 there were no investments in a loss position.  

Note 6:   Accrued Expenses  

Accrued expenses consist
of the following: 

Note 7: Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment
are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the respective assets, ranging from three to thirty-nine years. 

Assets held for sale consists
of the net book value of an underutilized building located adjacent to the site of the Company s New Jersey manufacturing
facility. As part of the Company s objectives to achieve its commercial goals and increase stockholder value, the Company
has initiated the sale of underutilized assets. As a result, the Company is in the process of selling this building at its current
market value and has reclassified it as held for sale at its net book value of  $764,000 . 

Note 8: Stockholders  Equity  

The Equity Incentive Plan
of 2009, effective June 24, 2009, authorizes the grant of non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock and other stock awards. A maximum of 1,250,000 shares of common stock is reserved for potential issuance pursuant
to awards under the Equity Incentive Plan of 2009. In September 2015, the Company's shareholders approved the following amendments
to the 2009 Plan: (1) increased the number of shares authorized to be issued under the Equity Incentive Plan from 1,250,000 to
1,833,333; (2) required a gradual vesting period of options issued under the Equity Incentive Plan over a three year period; (3)
revised the definition of  change in control  to make it less  liberal  by amending the provision that
a change in control occurs upon stockholder approval of a merger, consolidation or sale or disposition by the Company of all or
substantially all of its assets (a  Business Combination ) to state that such a change in control occurs upon the consummation
of the Business Combination; and (4) clarified that the definition of change in control has a double trigger. For a Participant
to get the benefit resulting from a change in control, such Participant must have been terminated other than for cause within a
two year period. Unless sooner terminated, the Equity Incentive Plan of 2009 will continue in effect for a period of 10 years from
its effective date. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were 247,917 and 66,666 options granted by the
Company, respectively. 

On
December 15, 2015, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (the  Chardan
Agreement ) to create an at-the-market equity program under which it may sell shares of its common stock (the  Shares )
from time to time through Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as sales agent ( Chardan ). Under the Chardan Agreement, Chardan
will be entitled to a commission at a fixed commission rate of 3.0% of the gross sales price of Shares sold under the Chardan Agreement.
 Effective August 26, 2016, the Company halted all future offers and sales of its common stock under the Chardan Agreement
and reduced the amount of potential future offers and sales under the Chardan Agreement to $0.00. Between December 15, 2015, the
date of the Chardan Agreement, and August 26, 2016, we sold an aggregate of 114,394 shares of common stock pursuant to the Chardan
Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of approximately $174,000. 

On September 6, 2016, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with certain investors (the  Investors )
for the sale by the Company of 3,333,334 shares (the  Common Shares ) of the Company s common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ), at a purchase price of $1.50 per share and sold warrants to purchase 2,500,000
shares of Common Stock (the  Warrants ) for aggregate net proceeds of $4,520,000.  Subject to certain ownership
limitations, the Warrants will be initially exercisable six-month after issuance at an exercise price equal to $2.00 per share
of Common Stock, subject to adjustments as provided under the terms of the Warrants. The Warrants are exercisable for five years
from the initial exercise date. 

The Company received net
proceeds from the foregoing transaction (the  Offering ) of approximately $4,520,000 after deducting certain fees due
to the placement agent and the Company s transaction expenses. The net proceeds received by the Company from the Offering
will be used for preparation for technology transfer opportunities, expenses related to Ampligen  manufacturing, working capital
and general corporate purposes. 

The Common Shares were
offered and sold by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was initially filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on June 25, 2015 and subsequently declared effective on August
4, 2015 (File No. 333-205228) (the  Registration Statement ), and the base prospectus dated as of August 4, 2015
contained therein. The Company filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC on September 1, 2016 in connection with the sale of the
Common Shares. 

Pursuant to an engagement
agreement dated July 26, 2016, the Company engaged Rodman   Renshaw, a unit of H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC ( Wainwright ),
to act as its exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to the engagement agreement, the Company paid
Wainwright an aggregate fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities in the Offering
and granted to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase up to 5% of the aggregate number of shares sold in the transactions
(the  Wainwright Warrants ) amounting to 166,667 warrants. The Wainwright Warrants have substantially the same terms
as the Warrants, except that the Wainwright Warrants will expire on September 1, 2021 and have an exercise price equal to $1.875
per share of Common Stock. The Wainwright Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Wainwright Warrants will be issued
in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not
involving a public offering and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. The Company also paid Wainwright
a non-accountable expense allowance of $70,000 plus a management fee equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering. 

Note 9 :  Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Note 10:   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09),  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers . ASU 2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S.
GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies
recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. ASU 2014-09 also will require
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.
ASU 2014-09 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities
can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Upon the
Company realizing operating revenues from the sale of commercialized product, the Company s adoption of this guidance may
have an impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about
an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 explicitly requires management to evaluate, at each annual
or interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that exist which raise substantial doubt about an entity's
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after
December 15, 2016, and annual and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company will continue to evaluate
and monitor at each annual or interim reporting period whether there are conditions or events that exist pertaining to this guidance. 

In January 2016, the ( FASB )
has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and
measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision.
The Company believes that the adoption of the guidance may have an impact on the Company s financial statement presentation
or disclosures. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 -  Leases,  which amends the existing accounting standards for lease
accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor
accounting. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption of
is permitted as of the standard s issuance date. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all
leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. The
Company has not adopted ASU 2016-02 and believes such adoption  may have an impact on the Company s financial statement
presentation or disclosures. 

In August 2016,  the
FASB issued ASU 2016-15 -   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). The new guidance is intended to address the  diversity
in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic
230, Statement of Cash Flows, and other Topics. The guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing
the existing diversity in practice. The amendments apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities
that are required to present a statement of cash flows under Topic 230. The amendments are effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the
amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments
in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this Update should
be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company believes that the adoption of the guidance
may not have a material impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In 2016, the FASB also
issued Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) 2016-03 through 2016-17. These updates did not have a significant impact
on the financial statements 

Note 11: Funds Received from Sale of Income
Tax Net Operating Losses  

As of December 31, 2015,
the Company has approximately $166,000,000 of federal net operating loss carryforwards (expiring in the years 2018 through 2035)
available to offset future federal taxable income. The Company also has approximately $36,000,000 of Pennsylvania state net operating
loss carryforwards (expiring in the years 2018 through 2033) and approximately $29,000,000 of New Jersey state net operating loss
carryforwards (expiring in the years 2034 and 2035) available to offset future state taxable income. 

In January 2016, the Company
effectively sold $16,000,000 of its New Jersey state net operating loss carryforward for the year 2014 for approximately $1,320,000,
and also sold New Jersey research and development credits for $241,000. The utilization of certain state net operating loss carry-forwards
may be subject to annual limitations. With no tax due for the foreseeable future, the Company has determined that the accounting
for interest or penalties related to the payment of tax is not necessary at this time. 

Note 12: Fair Value  

The Company is required
under GAAP to disclose information about the fair value of all the Company s financial instruments, whether or not these
instruments are measured at fair value on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company estimates that
the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their carrying values
due to the short-term maturities of these items. The Company also has certain warrants with a cash settlement feature in the unlikely
occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction. The fair value of the redeemable warrants related to the Company s August 2016 Common
Stock and Warrant issuance, are calculated using a Monte Carlo Simulation. While the Monte Carlo Simulation is one of a number
of possible pricing models, the Company has determined it to be industry accepted and fairly presented the fair value of the Warrants.
As an additional factor to determine the fair value of the Put's liability, the occurrence probability of a Fundamental Transaction
event was factored into the valuation. 

The Company recomputes
the fair value of the Warrants at the issuance date and the end of each quarterly reporting period. Such value computation includes
subjective input assumptions that are consistently applied each period. If the Company were to alter its assumptions or the numbers
input based on such assumptions, the resulting fair value could be materially different. 

The Company utilized the
following assumptions to estimate the fair value of the August 2016 warrants: 

The significant assumptions
using the Monte Carlo Simulation approach for valuation of the Warrants are: 

(i)         Risk-Free
Interest Rate . The risk-free interest rates for the Warrants are based on U.S. Treasury constant maturities for periods commensurate
with the remaining expected holding periods of the warrants. 

 (ii)        Expected
Holding Period . The expected holding period represents the period of time that the Warrants are expected to be outstanding
until they are exercised. The Company utilizes the remaining contractual term of the Warrants at each valuation date as the expected
holding period. 

 (iii)       Expected
Volatility . Expected stock volatility is based on daily observations of the Company s historical stock values for a period
commensurate with the remaining expected holding period on the last day of the period for which the computation is made. 

 (iv)       Expected
Dividend Yield . Expected dividend yield is based on the Company s anticipated dividend payments over the remaining expected
holding period. As the Company has never issued dividends, the expected dividend yield is $-0- and this assumption will be continued
in future calculations unless the Company changes its dividend policy. 

 (v)        Expected
Probability of a Fundamental Transaction.  The possibility of the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction triggering a Put right
is extremely remote. As discussed above, a Put right would only arise if a Fundamental Transaction 1) is an all cash transaction;
(2) results in the Company going private; or (3) is a transaction involving a person or entity not traded on a national securities
exchange. The Company believes such an occurrence is highly unlikely because: 

a.  The Company only has one product that is FDA approved but which will not be available for commercial sales for at least approximately
18 months;   

b.  The Company may have to perform additional clinical trials for FDA approval of its flagship product;   

c.  Industry and market conditions continue to include a global market recession, adding risk to any transaction;   

d.  Available capital for a potential buyer in a cash transaction continues to be limited;   

e.  The nature of a life sciences company is heavily dependent on future funding and high fixed costs, including Research  
Development;   

f.  The Company has minimal revenues streams which are insufficient to meet the funding needs for the cost of operations or construction
at their manufacturing facility; and   

g.  The Company's Rights Agreement and Executive Agreements make it less attractive to a potential buyer.   

With the above factors
utilized in analysis of the likelihood of the Put's potential Liability, the Company estimated the range of probabilities related
to a Put right being triggered as: 

The Monte Carlo Simulation
has incorporated a 5.0% probability of a Fundamental Transaction to date for the life of the securities. 

(vi)       Expected
Timing of Announcement of a Fundamental Transaction.  As the Company has no specific expectation of a Fundamental Transaction,
for reasons elucidated above, the Company utilized a discrete uniform probability distribution over the Expected Holding Period
to model in the potential announcement of a Fundamental Transaction occurring during the Expected Holding Period. 

 (vii)     Expected
100 Day Volatility at Announcement of a Fundamental Transaction . An estimate of future volatility is necessary as there is
no mechanism for directly measuring future stock price movements. Daily observations of the Company s historical stock values
for the 100 days immediately prior to the Warrants  grant dates, with a floor of 100%, were utilized as a proxy for the future
volatility. 

 (viii)    Expected
Risk-Free Interest Rate at Announcement of a Fundamental Transaction . The Company utilized a risk-free interest rate corresponding
to the forward U.S. Treasury rate for the period equal to the time between the date forecast for the public announcement of a Fundamental
Transaction and the Warrant expiration date for each simulation. 

(ix)   Expected
Time Between Announcement and Consummation of a Fundamental Transaction.  The expected time between the announcement and the
consummation of a Fundamental Transaction is based on the Company s experience with the due diligence process performed by
acquirers, and is estimated to be six months. The Monte Carlo Simulation approach incorporates this additional period to reflect
the delay Warrant Holders would experience in receiving the proceeds of the Put. 

While the assumptions remain
consistent from period to period (e.g., utilizing historical stock prices), the numbers input change from period to period (e.g.,
the actual historical prices input for the relevant period). The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the above warrants
was approximately $2,514,000 at September 30, 2016 and $2,617,000 at September 6, 2016, the date of issuance. 

The Company applies FASB
ASC 820 (formerly Statement No. 157  Fair Value Measurements ) that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The guidance does
not impose any new requirements around which assets and liabilities are to be measured at fair value, and instead applies to asset
and liability balances required or permitted to be measured at fair value under existing accounting pronouncements. The Company
measures its warrant liability for those warrants with a cash settlement feature at fair value. 

FASB ASC 820-10-35-37 (formerly
SFAS No. 157) establishes a valuation hierarchy based on the transparency of inputs used in the valuation of an asset or liability.
Classification is based on the lowest level of inputs that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation hierarchy
contains three levels: 

Level 1   Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
at the reporting date. Generally, this includes debt and equity securities that are traded in an active market.   

Level 2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quote prices for similar assets
or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Generally, this includes debt and equity securities that
are not traded in an active market.   

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that
are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose
value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or other valuation techniques, as well as instruments
for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company has classified the warrants with cash settlement features as Level 3. Management evaluates a variety of inputs and then
estimates fair value based on those inputs. As discussed above, the Company utilized the Monte Carlo Simulation Model in valuing
these warrants.   

The table below presents the balances of assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the hierarchy as: 

The changes in Level 3 Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis are summarized as follows: 

Note 13: Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluated subsequent
events through the date on which these financial statements were issued and determined that no subsequent event, other than what
is noted below, constituted a matter that required adjustment to the financial statements for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

On November 8, 2016, the
Company received a letter of intent for its underutilized building located adjacent to the site of the Company s New Jersey
manufacturing facility. The letter of intent includes a 45 day due diligence period including, but not limited to, a building inspection
and environmental review. Closing is anticipated 60 days from the date of the contract execution. 

ITEM 2 :  Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements in this
Report, including statements under  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  and  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in Part II,
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
other important factors. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other important factors in greater detail under  Item
1A. Risk Factors  in Part II in this Report. Because the risk factors referred to above and in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for our most recent fiscal year filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results or outcomes to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, you should not place undue reliance on any
such forward-looking statements. 

Further, these forward-looking
statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date such forward-looking statements are made. You should carefully
read this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect. We can give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of
them do, what impact they will have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. We cannot assess the impact of
each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Any statements in this Report about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives,
assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. You can identify these
forward-looking statements by the use of words or phrases such as  believe ,  may ,  could ,
 will ,  estimate ,  continue ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  seek ,
 plan ,  expect ,  should , or  would,  and similar expressions intended to identify
forward-looking statements. 

Among
the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks
and uncertainties inherent in our business including, without limitation: our ability to adequately fund our projects, the potential
therapeutic effect of our products, the possibility of obtaining regulatory approval, our ability  to find  senior
co-development partners with the capital and expertise needed to commercialize our products and to enter into arrangements with
them on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to manufacture and sell any products, our ability to enter into arrangements
with third party vendors, market acceptance of our products, our ability to earn a profit from sales or licenses of any drugs,
our ability to discover new drugs in the future, changing market conditions, changes in laws and regulations affecting our industry,
and issues related to the improvements and construction of our New Brunswick, New Jersey facility. We have disclosed that in February
2013, we received a Complete Response from the FDA declining to approve our Ampligen  New Drug Application ( NDA )
for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Treatment ( CFS ) stating that we should conduct at least one additional clinical trial,
complete various nonclinical studies and perform a number of data analyses. Accordingly, the remaining steps to potentially gain
FDA approval of the Ampligen  NDA, the final results of these and other ongoing activities could vary materially from our expectations
and could adversely affect the chances for approval of the Ampligen  NDA. These activities and the ultimate outcomes are subject
to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to risks that (i) the FDA may ask for additional data, information
or studies to be completed or provided; and (ii) the FDA may require additional work related to the commercial manufacturing process
to be completed or may, in the course of the inspection of manufacturing facilities, identify issues to be resolved. With regard
to our NDA for Ampligen  to treat CFS, we note that there are additional steps which the FDA has advised Hemispherx to take
in our seeking approval. The final results of these and other ongoing activities, and of the FDA review, could vary materially
from Hemispherx' expectations and could adversely affect the chances for approval of the Ampligen  NDA. Any failure to satisfy
the FDA s requirements could significantly delay, or preclude outright, approval of our drugs for commercial sale.   

On August 18, 2016, we
received approval of our New Drug Application ( NDA ) from Administracion Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos y Tecnologia
Medica ( ANMAT ) for commercial sale of rintatolimod (U.S. tradename: Ampligen ) in the Argentine Republic for
the treatment of severe myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome ( ME/CFS ). The product will be marketed
by GP Pharm, our commercial partner in Latin America. We believe that rintatolimod is the first drug to receive approval for this
indication anywhere in the world. 

We believe that this approval
provides a platform for potential commercial sales in certain countries within the European Union under regulations that support
cross-border pharmaceutical sales of licensed drugs. We and GP Pharm are now working to expand the approval of rintatolimod to
additional countries with a focus on Latin America. In Europe, approval in a country with a stringent regulatory process in place,
such as Argentina, should add further validation for the product as the Early Access Program is launched in Europe. ANMAT approval
is only an initial, but important, step in the overall successful commercialization of our product. There are a number of actions
that must occur before we could be able to commence commercial sales in Argentina. Commercialization in Argentina will require,
among other things, an appropriate reimbursement level, appropriate marketing strategies, completion of manufacturing preparations
for launch (including possible requirements for approval of final manufacturing), and there are no assurances as to whether or
when such multiple subsequent steps will be successfully performed to result in an overall successful commercialization and product
launch. 

In October 2016, we completed
our technology transfer of the Ampligen    manufacturing processes to Nitto Denko Avecia Inc. ( Avecia ),
formerly, Avrio Biopharmaceuticals ( Avrio ). The transfer consists of providing Avecia with all information that is
relevant to the manufacturing process of Ampligen    and associated assays. This includes performing a test engineering
run to identify any potential issues before moving forward with the first Good Manufacturing Practice ( cGMP ) lot
and confirming that the information exchange was successful. This will enable Avecia to begin manufacturing current cGMP lots of
Ampligen   . The first cGMP lot is expected to be compounded, filled and finished in November and released in December,
2016, for use in the Company s Early Access Program ( EAP ) in Europe and Turkey. 

Our overall objectives
include plans to continue seeking approval for commercialization of Ampligen  in the United States and abroad as well as to
widen existing commercial therapeutic indications of Alferon N Injection  presently approved in the United States and Argentina.
In addition, we have formed collaborations with multiple research laboratories around the world to examine Ampligen , an experimental
therapeutic, and Alferon N, an FDA-approved commercial product (for refractory venereal warts (HPV)) as potential preventatives
for, and treatments of, Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) among others. Our ability to commercialize our products, widen commercial therapeutic
indications of Alferon N Injection  and/or capitalize on our collaborations with research laboratories to examine our products
as potential preventatives for, and treatments of, MERS, among others, are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties
including, but not limited to our ability to enter into more definitive agreements with some of the research laboratories and others
that we are collaborating with, to fund and conduct additional testing and studies, whether or not such testing is successful or
requires additional testing and meets the requirements of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies. We do not know when,
if ever, our products will be generally available for commercial sale for any indication. 

On March 15, 2016, we received
written notice from the NYSE MKT LLC that we were not in compliance with its continued listing standards because our common stock
had been selling for a low price per share for a substantial period of time. The NYSE MKT determined that the continued listing
of our common stock was predicated on our effecting a reverse stock split of our common stock. Our stockholders approved a reverse
stock split, our Board effected a 12-to-1 reverse stock split effective August 26, 2016 and our reverse split shares started trading
on August 29, 2016. On September 15, 2016, we received written notice from the NYSE MKT LLC that we were back in compliance with
the continued listing standards set forth in Section 1003(f)(v) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide referenced in the Exchange s
letter dated March 15, 2016. The Company will be subject to NYSE Regulation s normal continued listing monitoring. However,
in accordance with Section 1009(h) of the Company Guide, if the Company is again determined to be below any of the continued listing
standards within 12 months of the date of this letter, NYSE MKT will examine the relationship between the two incidents of noncompliance
and re-evaluate the Company s financial recovery from the first incident. NYSE Regulation will then take appropriate action,
which depending on the circumstances, may include truncating the compliance procedures described in Section 1009 of the Company
Guide or immediately initiate delisting procedures. 

On September 6, 2016, we
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with certain investors for the sale by us of
3,333,334 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share. Concurrently with the sale of the common stock, pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, we also sold warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of $5,000,000. 

We outsource certain components
of our manufacturing, quality control, marketing and distribution while maintaining control over the entire process through our
quality assurance and regulatory groups. We cannot provide any guarantee that the facility or our contract manufacturer will necessarily
pass an FDA pre-approval inspection for Alferon  manufacture. 

We do not undertake and
specifically decline any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statement
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events. 

Overview   

General   

Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (collectively,  Hemispherx ,  Company ,  we  or  us ) are a
specialty pharmaceutical company headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and engaged in the clinical development of new drug
therapies based on natural immune system enhancing technologies for the treatment of viral and immune based disorders. We were
founded in the early 1970s doing contract research for the National Institutes of Health. Since that time, we have established
a strong foundation of laboratory, pre-clinical and clinical data with respect to the development of natural interferon and nucleic
acids to enhance the natural antiviral defense system of the human body and to aid the development of therapeutic products for
the treatment of certain chronic diseases. We have three domestic subsidiaries BioPro Corp., BioAegean Corp., and Core BioTech
Corp., all of which are incorporated in Delaware and are dormant. Our foreign subsidiary is Hemispherx Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A.
which was established in Belgium in 1998. 

We have been reexamining
our fundamental priorities in terms of direction, corporate culture and our ability to fund operations. As a result, there have
been significant changes at the Company in the past few months. As noted below, we have made several changes to the Company s
executive management team to provide effective and competent leadership that, management believes, will properly position the Company
to achieve its commercial goals and increase stockholder value. Recent actions include aggressively pursuing international sales
of clinical grade materials and implementing a strong financial austerity plan. We are committed to a focused business plan oriented
toward finding senior co-development partners with the capital and expertise needed to commercialize the many potential therapeutic
aspects of our experimental drug, Ampligen , and our approved drug Alferon . Management s primary objectives are
to create stockholder value and deliver much needed therapies to patients. 

On September 16, 2015,
our Board of Directors appointed Mr. Peter Rodino as Lead Director. In addition, Mr. Rodino and William Mitchell, M.D., Ph.D. 
 were each appointed to the Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Mr. Rodino, Dr. Mitchell
and Iraj E. Kiani were each appointed to the Audit Committee. 

On February 17, 2016, our
Board, by majority vote, terminated the employment of Dr. Carter, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Scientific Officer. As a result, Dr. Carter also is no longer a director. Dr. Mitchell, one of our independent directors, was appointed
Chairman of the Board. 

On February 19, 2016, our
Board also made several changes to our executive management team in light of the termination of Dr. Carter, to provide effective
and competent leadership that will properly position us to achieve our commercial goals and increase stockholder value. In this
regard, Adam Pascale was named Chief Financial Officer in addition to his current responsibilities as Chief Accounting Officer.
Mr. Pascale has been employed us for 18 years, with more than two decades of public accounting experience and prior public company
experience. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting and Finance from Rutgers University. Mr. Pascale served for several
years as a CPA prior to joining the Company, and is a member of both the American and the Pennsylvania Institutes of Certified
Public Accountants. Mr. Equels, our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and President, resigned as Chief Financial Officer
to make way for Mr. Pascale. 

On February 25, 2016, our
Board appointed Thomas K. Equels, our current President, as our CEO. In that capacity, he is our principal executive officer. On
June 16, 2016, Iraj Kiani resigned as a member of our Board. On September 30, 2016, Mr. Rodino resigned as a member of our Board
to permit him to serve us in a new capacity. In this regard, effective October 1, 2016, we retained Mr. Rodino as our Executive
Director for Governmental Relations, and as our General Counsel. In that capacity, Mr. Rodino will handle all government affairs
and litigation matters on a going forward basis. 

On April 20, 2016, we executed
a consulting agreement with Huron Consulting Group, a global consultancy with decades of experience in the life sciences market, to
advance our strategic plan to capitalize on business opportunities in the United States and in target countries around the world. 

Our flagship products include
Alferon N Injection  and the experimental therapeutic Ampligen . Alferon N Injection  is approved for a category of
STD infection, and Ampligen  represents an experimental RNA being developed for globally important viral diseases and disorders
of the immune system. Hemispherx' platform technology includes components for potential treatment of various severely debilitating
and life threatening diseases. Alferon  LDO (Low Dose Oral) is a formulation under development targeting influenza. 

The below chart provides
a summary of the clinical indications for both Ampligen  and Alferon  currently under development. 

We own and operate a 43,000
sq. ft. FDA approved facility in New Brunswick, NJ to produce Alferon  and Ampligen , and completed the construction of
our $8 million facility enhancement project in 2015 which, upon FDA approval, should provide for a higher capacity, more cost effective
manufacturing process for the production of Alferon N Injection . As part of our objectives to achieve our commercial goals
and increase stockholder value, we are in the process of selling an underutilized building adjacent to our New Jersey manufacturing
facility site. We do not believe that the sale of this building will have an impact on the production of our products. We also
are exploring the possibility of selling the primary facility if we can obtain a long term lease back of the facility on acceptable
terms. Please see  Manufacturing  section below. 

On February 1, 2013, we
received a Complete Response Letter ( CRL ) from the FDA declining to approve our NDA for Ampligen  for Chronic
Fatigue Syndrome ( CFS ). Please see the discussion in  Our Products - Ampligen   below for more detail. 

Our principal executive
office is located at One Penn Center, 1617 JFK Boulevard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103, and our telephone number is 215-988-0080. 

OUR PRODUCTS   

Our primary pharmaceutical
product platform consists of our experimental compound, Ampligen , our FDA approved natural interferon product, Alferon N Injection ,
and our experimental liquid natural interferon for oral administration, Alferon  LDO (Low Dose Oral). 

Ampligen   

Ampligen  is
approved for commercial sale in Argentina and is an experimental drug currently undergoing clinical development for the
treatment of CFS in the United States of America. As noted above and discussed below, the FDA in its CRL declined to approve our NDA
for the treatment of CFS with Ampligen . Over its developmental history, Ampligen  has received various designations,
including Orphan Drug Product Designation (FDA), Treatment protocol (e.g.,  Expanded Access  or
 Compassionate  use authorization) with Cost Recovery Authorization (FDA) and  promising  clinical
outcome recognition based on the evaluation of certain summary clinical reports ( AHRQ  or Agency for Healthcare
Research and Quality). Ampligen  represents the first drug in the class of large (macromolecular) RNA (nucleic acid)
molecules to apply for NDA review. Based on the results of published, peer reviewed pre-clinical studies and clinical trials,
we believe that Ampligen  may have broad-spectrum anti-viral and anti-cancer properties. 

We believe that nucleic
acid compounds represent a potential new class of pharmaceutical products as they are designed to act at the molecular level for
treatment of human diseases. There are two forms of nucleic acids, DNA and RNA. DNA is a group of naturally occurring molecules
found in chromosomes, the cell's genetic machinery. RNA is a group of naturally occurring informational molecules which orchestrate
a cell's behavior which, in turn, regulates the action of groups of cells, including the cells which compromise the body's immune
system. RNA directs the production of proteins and regulates certain cell activities including the activation of an otherwise dormant
cellular defense against viruses and tumors. Our drug technology utilizes specifically-configured RNA. Our double-stranded RNA
drug product, trademarked Ampligen , is an experimental, unapproved drug, that would be administered intravenously. Ampligen 
has been assigned the generic name rintatolimod by the United States Adopted Names Council (USANC) and has the chemical designation
poly(I) poly(C12U). 

Clinical trials of Ampligen 
already conducted by us include studies of the potential treatment of CFS, Hepatitis B, HIV and cancer patients with renal cell
carcinoma and malignant melanoma. All of these potential uses will require additional clinical trials to generate the safety and
effectiveness data necessary to support regulatory approval. 

On February 1, 2013, we
received a CRL from the FDA declining to approve our New Drug Application ( NDA ) for Ampligen  for CFS. In its
CRL, the FDA communicated that Hemispherx should conduct at least one additional clinical trial, complete various nonclinical studies
and perform a number of data analyses. The additional clinical study should address, among other things, Ampligen 's efficacy
in treating CFS patients, be of sufficient size and duration to assess the safety of Ampligen  and be sufficient to determine
appropriate dosing. The FDA set forth the reasons for this action and provided recommendations to address certain of the outstanding
issues. The FDA stated that the submitted data does not provide substantial evidence of efficacy of Ampligen  for the treatment
of CFS and that the data does not provide sufficient information to determine whether the product is safe for use in CFS due to
the limited size of the safety database and multiple discrepancies within the submitted data. In addition to the safety and effectiveness
issues recommended to be addressed in at least one additional clinical trial, the CRL states that Hemispherx should conduct complete
rodent carcinogenicity studies in two species prior to approval and also conduct additional animal toxicology studies providing
more comprehensive evaluation of Ampligen  fragments and degradation products. The CRL also requests evaluation of variation
between lots of Ampligen  tested in the development process and recommends tighter control of the Ampligen  manufacturing
process. 

In response to the CRL,
we continue to plan to avail ourselves of the opportunity for an  end-of-review  meeting with representatives of the
Office of Drug Evaluation II which issued the CRL, in order to clarify and seek to narrow the outstanding issues regarding the
further development of Ampligen  for the treatment of CFS. 

FDA regulations provide
a formal dispute resolution process to obtain review of any FDA decision, including a decision not to approve an NDA, by raising
the matter with the supervisor of the FDA office that made the decision. The formal dispute resolution process exists to encourage
open, prompt discussion of scientific (including medical) disputes and procedural (including administrative) disputes that arise
during the drug development, new drug review, and post-marketing oversight processes of the FDA. Depending on the outcome of a
number of initiatives in the CFS community, including the FDA s Patient Focused Drug Development Initiatives, forthcoming
drug guidance and other scientific initiatives by the Institute of Medicine, Center for Disease Control and National Institute
of Health, we will continue to examine the opportunity for an  end-of-review  meeting. Depending on the results of
these initiatives, we may request an  end-of-review  conference with the FDA as a precursor to a possible submission
of a formal appeal to the Office of New Drugs within the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research regarding the FDA's decision.
Please see  Risks Associated with Our Business  in Part I; Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 

Until we undertake the
end-of-review conference(s), or otherwise reach an agreement with the FDA regarding the design of a confirmatory study, we are
unable to reasonably estimate the nature, costs, necessary efforts to obtain FDA clearance or anticipated completion dates of any
additional clinical study or studies. Utilizing the industry norms for undertaking a Phase III clinical study, we estimate upon
acceptance of the study's design that it would take approximately 18 months to three years to complete a new well-controlled Ampligen 
clinical study for resubmission to the FDA. Industry norms suggest that it will require three to six months to initiate the study,
one to two years to accrue and test patients, three to six months to close-out the study and file the necessary documents with
the FDA. The actual duration to complete the clinical study may be different based on the length of time it takes to design the
study and obtain FDA's acceptance of the design, the final design of an acceptable Phase III clinical study, availability of suitable
participants and clinical sites along with other factors that could impact the implementation of the study, analysis of results
or requirements of the FDA and/or other governmental organizations. We anticipate that the time and cost to undertake clinical
trial(s), studies and data analysis are beyond our current financial resources without gaining access to additional funding. Please
see  Part I; Item 1A, Risk Factors:  We may require additional financing which may not be available.  

In May 1997, the FDA authorized
an open-label treatment protocol, ( AMP 511 ), allowing patient access to Ampligen  for treatment in an open-label
safety study under which severely debilitated CFS patients have the opportunity to be on Ampligen  to treat this very serious
and chronic condition. The data collected from the AMP 511 protocol through a consortium group of clinical sites provide safety
information regarding the use of Ampligen  in patients with CFS. As of September 30, 2016, there were 27 patients participating
in this open label treatment protocol taking treatment. We are establishing an enlarged data base of clinical safety information
which we believe will provide further documentation regarding the absence of autoimmune disease associated with Ampligen  treatment.
We believe that continued efforts to understand existing data, and to advance the development of new data and information, will
ultimately support our future filings for Ampligen  and/or the design of future clinical studies. In 1997, we calculated the
cost per dose (400mg) of Ampligen  to be $150 per dose consistent with the regulatory guidelines; however, we recently engaged
an independent certified public accountant to recalculate the cost per dose consistent with the current guidelines, utilizing
the costs to produce a vial in 2015.  The independent analysis disclosed a cost per 400 mg dose of Ampligen  of $400,
$200 per vial. In October 2016, the FDA granted our request to implement the new cost.  

On July 12, 2012, we filed
a new drug application for Ampligen  with the ANMAT (Administracion Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos y Tecnologia Medica),
the agency responsible for the national regulation of drugs, foods and medical technology in Argentina, under the ANMAT s
Orphan Drug regulations. We believe that the approval of Ampligen  as an Orphan Drug may allow reimbursement by the Health
Services Authority (SSS), the central health authority in Argentina for patients seeking treatment for CFS.  On
August 18, 2016, we received approval of our New Drug Application ( NDA ) from ANMAT for commercial sale of rintatolimod
(U.S. tradename: Ampligen ) in the Argentine Republic for the treatment of severe myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue
syndrome ( ME/CFS ). The product will be marketed by GP Pharm, our commercial partner in Latin America.   

In January 2015, we reported
that we have conducted new in vitro studies of natural killer (NK) cells obtained from CFS patients in conjunction with a comprehensive
review of the medical literature to determine the relative incidence of NK cell functional deficiencies in CFS disease. This review
indicates that low NK cell cytotoxicity (NKCC) has been consistently reported in CFS patients compared to normal controls. In the
new laboratory studies, Ampligen  was found to increase in vitro NK activity utilizing cells from CFS patient donors. The authors
of the new report are all affiliated with Hemispherx. 

Alferon N Injection   

Alferon N Injection 
is the registered trademark for our injectable formulation of natural alpha interferon, which was approved by the FDA in 1989 for
the treatment of certain categories of genital warts. Alferon  is the only natural-source, multi-species alpha interferon currently
approved for sale in the U.S. for the intralesional (within lesions) treatment of refractory (resistant to other treatment) or
recurring external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older. Certain types of human papilloma viruses ( HPV )
cause genital warts, a sexually transmitted disease ( STD ). The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC )
estimates that  approximately twenty million Americans are currently infected with HPV with another six million becoming
newly infected each year. HPV is so common that at least 50% of sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives. 
Although they do not usually result in death, genital warts commonly recur, causing significant morbidity and entail substantial
health care costs. 

Interferons are a group
of proteins produced and secreted by cells to combat diseases. Researchers have identified four major classes of human interferon:
alpha, beta, gamma and omega. Alferon N Injection  contains a multi-species form of alpha interferon. The world-wide market
for injectable alpha interferon-based products has experienced rapid growth and various alpha interferon injectable products are
approved for many major medical uses worldwide. Alpha interferons are manufactured commercially in three ways: by genetic engineering,
by cell culture, and from human white blood cells. All three of these types of alpha interferon are or were approved for commercial
sale in the U.S. Our natural alpha interferon is produced from human white blood cells. 

The potential advantages
of natural alpha interferon over recombinant (synthetic) interferon produced and marketed by other pharmaceutical firms may be
based upon their respective molecular compositions. Natural alpha interferon is composed of a family of proteins containing many
molecular species of interferon. In contrast, commercial recombinant alpha interferon products each contain only a single species.
Researchers have reported that the various species of interferons may have differing antiviral activity depending upon the type
of virus. Natural alpha interferon presents a broad complement of species, which we believe may account for its higher activity
in laboratory studies. Natural alpha interferon is also glycosylated (partially covered with sugar molecules). Such glycosylation
is not present on the currently U.S. marketed recombinant alpha interferons. We believe that the absence of glycosylation may be,
in part, responsible for the production of interferon-neutralizing antibodies seen in patients treated with recombinant alpha interferon.
Although cell culture-derived interferon is also composed of multiple glycosylated alpha interferon species, the types and relative
quantity of these species are different from our natural alpha interferon. 

Alferon N Injection 
[Interferon alfa-n3 (human leukocyte derived)] is a highly purified, natural-source, glycosylated, multi-species alpha interferon
product. There are essentially no neutralizing antibodies observed against Alferon N Injection  to date and the product has
a relatively low side-effect profile. The recombinant DNA derived alpha interferon formulations have been reported to have decreased
effectiveness after one year, probably due to neutralizing antibody formation. 

See  Manufacturing 
and  Marketing/Distribution  sections below for more details on the manufacture and marketing/distribution of Alferon
N Injection . 

Alferon  LDO (Low
Dose Oral)   

Alferon  LDO [Low Dose
Oral Interferon Alfa-n3 (Human Leukocyte Derived)] is an experimental low-dose, oral liquid formulation of Natural Alpha Interferon
and like Alferon N Injection , should not cause antibody formation, which is a problem with recombinant interferon. It is an
experimental immunotherapeutic believed to work by stimulating an immune cascade response in the cells of the mouth and throat,
enabling it to bolster systemic immune response through the entire body by absorption through the oral mucosa. Oral interferon
could be economically feasible for patients and logistically manageable globally for development programs for prevention and, or
treatment of pandemic influenza, seasonal influenza and other emerging viruses. Oral administration of Alferon  LDO, with its
anticipated affordability, low toxicity, no production of antibodies, and broad range of potential bioactivity, could be a breakthrough
treatment or preventative for viral diseases. 

Hemispherx currently has
an FDA authorized protocol to conduct a Phase II, double-blind, adaptive-design, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study
of Alferon  LDO for the prophylaxis and treatment of seasonal influenza of more than 200 subjects. Our Phase II study has continued
to be delayed as we had redirected many of our resources to complete the upgrades in the New Brunswick facility. 

Other Diseases   

In July 2011, we received
FDA authorization to proceed with the initiation of a new clinical trial of intranasal Ampligen  to be used in conjunction
with commercially approved seasonal influenza vaccine. On April 16, 2012, a clinical trial was initiated in which Ampligen 
is nasally administered in conjunction with FluMist  to healthy human volunteers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham
under the auspices of Dr. Paul Goepfert, Associate Professor of Medicine in the Division of Infectious Diseases and Director of
the Alabama Vaccine Research Clinic. This study is a first use of Ampligen  with a seasonal vaccine in humans to assess the
safety of Ampligen  when nasally delivered as a vaccine adjuvant. Another objective of this study is to determine the extent
to which Ampligen  mobilizes potential protections against pandemic influenza by utilization of a seasonal flu vaccine. The
study will evaluate the potential immunologic enhancement of Ampligen  by comparing immune parameters in the group receiving
Ampligen  plus FluMist  with another group receiving FluMist  plus placebo. Twenty-five subjects have been enrolled;
twelve in Stage 1 and thirteen subjects in Stage 2.  The study is currently on hold pending the safety data on these 25 subjects
being reviewed by the Data Monitoring Committee and authorization from the FDA is received to proceed with enrollment. As of September
30, 2016, there are no active subjects in the study. 

In December 2013, we announced
that we are supporting the University of Pittsburgh s National Institutes of Health funded study (grant 1PO1CA132714) currently
underway as part of the University s Chemokine Modulation Research initiative which includes Ampligen  as an adjuvant.
As part of this collaboration, Hemispherx has supplied clinical grade Ampligen  (rintatolimod) to the University. The study,
under the leadership of professor of surgery Pawel Kalinski, M.D., Ph.D. and involves the Chemokine Modulatory regimen developed
by Dr. Kalinski s group, has successfully completed the dose escalation in patients with resectable colorectal cancer under
the clinical leadership of Dr. Amer Zureikat, an assistant professor of surgery. To date, 15 patients have been treated in this
study. In addition, the University has initiated enrollment in an additional cancer study of peritoneal surface malignancies which
includes Ampligen  as an immune enhancer. To date, 43 patients have been treated. The University has initiated enrollment into
another cancer study of recurrent ovarian cancer patients which includes Ampligen  as a component of the treatment regimen.
To date, 5 patients have been treated. The University has received Institutional Review Board approval for another cancer study
of subjects with chemo-refractory metastatic colorectal cancer which also includes Ampligen  as an immune enhancer. Enrollment
into this study has not yet been initiated.      

In May 2014, we announced
that one of our advanced stage biological products, Alferon  N, significantly inhibited the replication of the MERS virus in
vitro. MERS-CoV is a recently emerged human coronavirus responsible for the lethal pulmonary syndrome known as MERS (Middle East
Respiratory Syndrome). Recent testing in laboratories of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part
of the National Institutes of Health, has revealed that Alferon  N was inhibitory to MERS-CoV both when used before test cells
were exposed to MERS-CoV, as well as after the cells were exposed to the deadly virus. NIAID researchers led the Alferon  N
MERS-CoV experiments. They treated monkey kidney cells with Alferon  N either 18 hours prior to infection with MERS-CoV ( pre-treatment )
or 1 hour following infection with MERS-CoV ( post-treatment ). At Day 1 and Day 3, supernatants were collected from
cells and virus titers were thereafter measured. In both cases, Alferon  N showed significant dose-dependent inhibitory effects,
thus suggesting the potential of Alferon  N both as a preventive and a potential treatment. Laboratory (in vitro) studies of
potential antiviral agents are not necessarily predictive of clinical benefits. The Company was not involved in the conduct of
the experimentation. 

In June 2014, we announced
that we have confirmed that Alferon  N inhibits replication of the MERS virus in vitro. Chien-Te (Kent) Tseng, Ph.D., Associate
Professor, Microbiology   Immunology at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, led the Alferon  N MERS-CoV
experiments. Calu-3 cells were treated with Alferon  N 24 hours prior to infection with MERS-CoV. At 36 hours, supernatants
were collected from cells and the virus titers were thereafter measured. Alferon  N showed significant dose-dependent inhibitory
effects, thus suggesting the potential of Alferon  N as a preventative. Laboratory (in vitro) studies of potential antiviral
agents are not necessarily predictive of clinical benefits. The Company supplied the Alferon  N, but was not directly involved
in the conduct of the experimentation. 

In July 2015, we submitted
an application for orphan drug designation to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for Alferon  N to treat MERS and on January
6, 2016, the EMA forwarded to us both its Public Summary of Opinion and its record designation approving the Orphan Medicinal Products
Designation for Alferon  N Injection, also known as interferon alfa-n3, as a potential treatment of MERS.  

On March 3, 2016, we entered
into a Sales, Marketing, Distribution and Supply Agreement (the  Scien Agreement ) with Scientific Products Pharmaceutical
Co. LTD, a Saudi Arabia based pharmaceutical company ( Scien ). Pursuant to the Scien Agreement, we granted Scien an
exclusive license to sell, market and distribute human leukocyte derived Interferon alfa-n3 (the  Product ) for refractory/recurrent
genital warts, recombinant interferon refractory patients and patients with other infectious diseases, e.g., Middle East Respiratory
Syndrome ( MERS ), influenza, West Nile Virus and cancer (the  Field ) within the Gulf Cooperation Council
states (the  Territory ) for Direct Access/EAP and Regulatory Agency-Approved purposes. A condition precedent to the
granting of the license is the successful completion of a clinical study to be performed by the Saudi Ministry of Health on at
least five persons in Saudi Arabia treating early onset patients infected with MERS. Scien will purchase the Product to be used
in this study. Pursuant to the Scien Agreement, Scien will, among other things, prepare a business plan to make aware and educate
physicians and patients about the Product both prior to and following approval of the Product, assist us to gain regulatory approval
of Product in the Field in the Territory and, if needed, assist in recruiting clinical trial sites and principal investigators
in the Field in the Territory. We have recently been informed by the Saudi Ministry of Health that they will not pursue treating
patients infected with MERS with human leukocyte derived Interferon and are now looking to explore other options to conduct a clinical
study to treat MERS before seeking regulatory approval. 

Ebola  

We announced, in September
2014, a series of collaborations designed to determine the potential effectiveness of Alferon  N and Ampligen  as potential
preventative and/or therapeutic treatments for Ebola related disorders. Our two platform drugs Alferon  N and Ampligen ,
have certain unique structural attributes and developmental histories which suggest potential incremental value with respect to
inclusion in various Ebola therapeutic cocktails under development. These collaborations have resulted in the following reports
being issued: 

*  November 2014 - We received a report from the United
States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID ) scientists that they have in-vitro data indicating
that Alferon , the only multi-species, natural alpha interferon commercially approved in the U.S., successfully protected
human cells against the Ebola virus (EBOV). 

*  November 2014 - We announced that we had received a new
research report from Professor Tramontano in the Department of Life and Environmental Sciences, University of Cagliari, Italy.
The biochemical study demonstrates Ampligen  can successfully bind to the lethal Ebola Virus protein designated VP35. VP35
protein normally inactivates a patient's immune/antiviral system by binding to viral dsRNA thereby sequestering a critical antiviral/immune
activator of the body, which leads to high morbidity and death rates. Ampligen  competes with viral dsRNA for VP35 binding
and this finding is consistent with recent studies at USAMRIID demonstrating that Ampligen  inhibits Ebola virus infectivity
in vitro. 

*  December 2014 - We announced that we received a new research
report from researchers at Howard University, Washington DC. The report describes a study in which Ampligen  strongly inhibited
the Ebola minigenome in the human embryonic kidney cell system. 

*  February 2015 - We announced results of a new efficacy
study of Ampligen  in a mouse model of EBOV infection performed by scientists at the USAMRIID. Ampligen  was utilized
with a mouse adapted Ebola virus using multiple groups of mice with varying dosage schedules of Ampligen  given every other
day. The most effective dose, resulting in 100% percent survival at Day 21, corresponded to a human dose of approximately 400
mg, which has been used clinically approximately 50,000 times and has been generally well-tolerated when administered twice weekly.
When higher doses of Ampligen  were used in the Ebola-infected mice, the survival rate dropped to 90%. The Ebola-infected
mice treated with placebo had a 100% death rate by Day 7 post-infection. The EBOV data obtained from the  in vitro  and mouse
infection studies using Ampligen  suggest a potential prophylactic and/or early onset therapeutic role in EVD. Previously
published experimental results of animal studies using models of other lethal viral infections indicate possible similar applications
to other lethal viral diseases. However,  in vitro  and animal testing is no assurance of human safety or efficacy for viral
diseases. Clinical studies would be necessary to establish human efficacy and safety of Ampligen  for any treatment and/or
prevention indication. 

Positive results from a
non-human primate ( NHP ) study in all probability may be required before initiation of human clinical testing of Ampligen 
in patients with Ebola Virus Disease ( EVD ). Clinical studies would also be necessary to establish human safety and
efficacy of Ampligen  for either treatment and/or prevention of EVD. Clinical safety and tolerability data obtained for one
indication, for example, CFS, may be different for another disorder like EVD. Currently, because of increased demand and the limited
number of facilities that can conduct EBOV studies in NHP, the scheduling of a NHP study may be delayed; however, the Company is
actively seeking such a study. 

Our European subsidiary,
Hemispherx Biopharma Europe N.V./S.A., has been formally notified of a positive opinion from the COMP (Committee
on Medical Products) regarding its Orphan Medicinal Product Application for Ampligen , an experimental therapeutic, to treat
Ebola Virus Disease (EVD). The European Medicines Agency (EMA) published on May 22, 2015 both its Public Opinion Summary and
its record designation approving the Orphan Medicinal Product Designation for Ampligen , also known as rintatolimod experimental
therapeutic, to treat Ebola Virus Disease (EVD). 

Our overall objectives
include plans to continue seeking approval for commercialization of Ampligen  in the United States and abroad as well as to
widen existing commercial therapeutic indications of Alferon N Injection  presently approved in the United States and Argentina.
In addition, we have formed collaborations with multiple research laboratories around the world to examine Ampligen , an experimental
therapeutic, for the treatment of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) among others. Our ability to commercialize our products, widen commercial
therapeutic indications of Alferon N Injection  and/or capitalize on our collaborations with research laboratories to examine
our products as potential preventatives for, and treatments of, MERS, among others, are subject to a number of significant risks
and uncertainties including, but not limited to our ability to enter into more definitive agreements with some of the research
laboratories and others that we are collaborating with, to fund and conduct additional testing and studies, whether or not such
testing is successful or requires additional testing and meets the requirements of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies.
We do not know when, if ever, our products will be generally available for commercial sale for any indication. 

Manufacturing  

On October 2, 2011, the
Company finalized their Fourth Amendment to a Supply Agreement, effective through March 11, 2014, with Jubilant Hollister-Stier
Laboratories LLC of Spokane, Washington ( Hollister-Stier ), pursuant to which Hollister-Stier would formulate and
package Ampligen  from the key raw materials that Hemispherx would supply to them. This Supply Agreement expired March 11,
2014. The Company is working towards an amendment to the existing Supply Agreement, which may contain additional fees as part of
entering into the extension. In October 2014, we entered into a purchase commitment with Hollister-Stier for approximately $700,000
for the manufacture of clinical batches of Ampligen . The Company is in discussion with Hollister-Stier about this purchase
commitment. 

On July 27, 2016, the Company
reached an agreement with Avecia to serve as an additional contract manufacturer of Hemispherx's experimental drug, Ampligen .
Avecia, an FDA inspected facility, has the capabilities for the compounding and fill/finish of sterile clinical and commercial
grade Ampligen  to satisfy the Company's ongoing domestic clinical studies as well as the recently initiated Early Access Program
(EAP) in Europe and Turkey. We believe that Avecia will be able to meet our immediate requirements until we are able to amend our
agreement with Hollister-Stier and, regardless, will be a good source of manufactured product. The Company initiated the transfer
of the key raw materials and has made payments of $270,000 to Avecia for the manufacture of Ampligen . In October 2016, the
Company completed its technology transfer of the Ampligen    manufacturing processes to Avecia. The transfer consists
of providing Avecia with all information that is relevant to the manufacturing process of Ampligen    and associated
assays. This includes performing a test engineering run to identify any potential issues before moving forward with the first cGMP
lot and confirming that the information exchange was successful. This will enable Avecia to begin manufacturing current Good Manufacturing
Practice ( cGMP ) lots of Ampligen   . The first cGMP lot is expected to be compounded, filled and finished
in November and released in December, 2016, for use in the Company s Early Access Program ( EAP ) in Europe and
Turkey.  Please see  Risks Associated with Our Business  in
Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors below -  There are no long-term agreements with suppliers of required materials and services for
Ampligen  and there are a limited number of raw material suppliers. If we are unable to obtain the required raw materials and/or
services, we may not be able to manufacture Ampligen.        

We
completed the construction of the $8 million facility enhancement project in 2015 which, upon FDA approval, should provide for
a higher capacity and more cost effective manufacturing process for the production of Alferon N Injection . Commercial sales
of Alferon and Alferon API internationally are projected to begin as soon as the necessary regulatory approvals are obtained. However,
commercial sales of Alferon  in the USA will not resume until new batches of commercial filled and finished product are produced
and released by the FDA. We are continuing the validation of Alferon  production and production of new Alferon  API inventory
commenced in February 2015. While the facility is approved by the FDA under the Biological License Application ( BLA )
for Alferon , this status will need to be reaffirmed by an FDA pre-approval inspection. We will also need the FDA s approval
to release commercial product once we have submitted satisfactory stability and quality release data. We had anticipated that it
would take approximately until at least the 2nd half of 2015 before we would have Alferon  approved for commercial sales; however,
during the final stage of the manufacturing process we encountered issues regarding a change in both the contract supplier of leukocytes
and the long term supply availability related to a reagent used in the formulation of Alferon . We have substantially
resolved these issues through engaging in multiple agreements with suppliers of leukocytes as well as entering into a licensing
agreement with a foreign multinational chemicals and biotechnology company that has been in business for over a century for the
sourcing of the primary reagent allowing us to manufacture Alferon . However, due to the interruption of the required flow
of leukocytes, production ceased, causing parts to malfunction in the upstream process when the system was restarted for testing.
We were working diligently to make the necessary repairs to be able to restart the validation process; however, in the process
of obtaining time estimates for the repairs we experienced a flood within portions of our manufacturing facility. As a result,
we   will be constrained in our ability to manufacture product in the near future due to this
flood in the upstream processing cleanroom that contains the bioreactor. The flood occurred on the afternoon of January 5, 2016,
caused by a malfunctioning water supply pipe for the sprinkler system covering a large amount of the cleanroom in stagnant water
and silt from the sprinkler system.  Our facility insurer has been proactive in addressing and covering the loss. While repairs
have required preapproval by our insurer, activity moved forward quickly. The repairs noted below required special action because
of the need to keep this critical manufacturing room within International Organization for Standardization (ISO) classifications
and the need to certify that all the equipment that was exposed, or submerged, is in proper condition and operating effectively
following the corrective actions. All HEPA filters affected by the flood were tested by an outside contractor and have passed all
required tests. The flooring that was damaged has been repaired using a special epoxy that is used in cleanrooms. A large portion
of the walls in the ISO classified area were damaged. We had a damage mitigation company come in to stop any moisture from seeping
further into the ISO classified areas. Subsequently, all damaged walls and ceilings have been replaced with cleanroom grade materials
and need no further work. Six pumps that were affected by the flood were sent back to the manufacturer for inspection and repair.
Repairs that were required have been completed on the pumps and they were reinstalled in the Alferon manufacturing facility after
the floor repair work was completed. All pumps will need to be qualified for use in the manufacturing process prior to the validation
process for a Pre-Approval Inspection. All air ducts supplying the Alferon manufacturing area were cleaned and insulation replaced
along with ceiling tiles. All smaller pieces of machinery and equipment that could not be salvaged have been replaced. We also
completed the HVAC air balancing and qualification. At this time, we believe that all repairs to the manufacturing facility have
been completed. 

We also are exploring the
possibility of selling the facility if we can obtain a long term lease back on the facility on acceptable terms. 

Currently,
the manufacturing process is on hold and there is no definitive timetable to have the facility back online.  Due to the Company
extending the timeline of Alferon  production to an excess of one year, we reclassified Alferon  work-process-inventory
to other assets within our balance sheet as of September 30, 2016.  In addition,  due to the
high cost estimates to bring the facility back online, we most likely will need additional funds to finance the revalidation process
in our facility to initiate commercial manufacturing, thereby readying ourselves for an FDA Pre-Approval Inspection. If we are
unable to gain the necessary FDA approvals related to the manufacturing process and/or final product of new Alferon  inventory,
our operations most likely will be materially and/or adversely affected. In light of these contingencies, there can be no assurances
that the approved Alferon N Injection  product will be returned to production on a timely basis, if at all, or that if and
when it is again made commercially available, it will return to prior sales levels.      

To formulate, fill, finish
and package ( fill and finish ) Alferon N Injection  Drug Product, we require a FDA approved third party Contract
Manufacturing Organization ( CMO ). In January 2012, we agreed to a Technology, Transfer, Validation and Commercial
Supply Agreement with Althea Technologies, Inc. ( Althea ) of San Diego, CA, regarding the fill and finish process
for Alferon N Injection . In November 2014, we entered into a purchase commitment with Althea for approximately $622,000 for
the production of validation batches of Alferon  N Injection for emergency use and/or commercial sale. The Company has paid
approximately $210,000 to Althea with regard to this open purchase commitment as of September 30, 2016 and has recorded this amount
within work-in-process inventory. 

Marketing/Distribution  

Our marketing strategy
for Ampligen  reflects the differing health care systems around the world along with the different marketing and distribution
systems that are used to supply pharmaceutical products to those systems. We expect that, subject to receipt of FDA, ANMAT and/or
other regulatory approval, Ampligen  may be utilized in four medical arenas: physicians  offices; clinics; hospitals;
and the home treatment setting. In preparation for the FDA s consideration of our Ampligen  NDA, we undertook early stage
development of pre-launch and launch driven marketing plans focusing on audience development, medical support and payer reimbursement
initiatives which could facilitate product acceptance and utilization at the time of regulatory approval, if obtained. Similarly,
we continued to consider distribution scenarios for the Specialty Pharmacy/Infusion channel which could provide market access,
offer 3PL (third party logistics) capabilities and provide the requisite risk management control mechanisms. It is our intent to
utilize third party service providers to execute elements of both the marketing/sales and distribution plans. As a possible option,
we considered a plan to utilize a small group of Managed Market account managers to introduce the product to payor, employer and
government account audiences. We believe that this approach could establish a market presence and facilitate the generation of
revenue without incurring the substantial costs associated with a traditional sales force. Furthermore, Management believes that
any approach considered should enable us to retain multiple options for future marketing strategies. 

In January 2010, we engaged
an Argentinean regulatory and business design entity to explore the possibility of initiating clinical trials of Alferon N Injection ,
Ampligen  and Alferon  LDO during the influenza season in Argentina. On June 14, 2010, we executed a five year exclusive
Sales, Marketing, Distribution and Supply Agreement for Argentina with GP Pharm Latinoamerica ( GP Pharm ), an affiliate
company of Spanish GP Pharm SA. Under this Agreement, GP Pharm will be responsible for gaining regulatory approval in Argentina
for Ampligen  to treat CFS in Argentina and for commercializing Ampligen  for this indication in Argentina. We granted
GP Pharm the right to expand rights to sell this experimental therapeutic into other Latin America countries based upon GP Pharm
achieving certain performance milestones. We also granted GP Pharm an option to market Alferon N Injection  in Argentina and
other Latin America countries. Under these agreements, we will manufacture and supply Ampligen  and Alferon N Injection 
to GP Pharm. On November 15, 2010, we amended our June 15, 2010 agreement with GP Pharm to include Mexico in the Territory under
the Sales, Marketing, Distribution and Supply Agreement. Under this Agreement, GP Pharm Mexico will be responsible for seeking
regulatory approval in Mexico for Ampligen , an experimental therapeutic, to treat CFS in Mexico and, if approval is obtained,
for commercializing Ampligen  for this indication in Mexico. On May 24, 2016, we entered into a five year exclusive Renewed
Sales, Marketing, Distribution and Supply Agreement (the  Agreement ) with GP Pharma whereby all material provisions
within the Agreement remained consistent with the original agreement. 

In January 2012, the ANMAT
approved the sale and distribution of Alferon N Injection  (under the brand name  Naturaferon ) in Argentina. The
receipt of the ANMAT approval for HPV is the first step of a regulatory process towards the commercial sales of Naturaferon. On
September 20, 2012, we filed with ANMAT an amended NDA for the use of Alferon N Injection  in patients with chronic hepatitis
C who have become refractory to recombinant interferon as a result of the appearance of neutralizing antibodies against recombinant
interferon. On February 6, 2013, we received the ANMAT approval for the treatment of refractory patients that failed or were intolerant
to the treatment with Interferon recombinant with Naturaferon in Argentina. 

On September 6, 2011, we
executed an amended agreement with Asembia, formerly Armada Healthcare, LLC, to undertake the marketing, education and sales of
Alferon N Injection  throughout the United States. This agreement also provides start-up along with ongoing sales and marketing
support to the Company. On July 31, 2015, it was mutually agreed upon to extend this agreement through August 14, 2017 subject
to the same terms and conditions. We previously extended this agreement for the previous three years also under the same terms
and conditions. 

On September 6, 2011, we
executed a new agreement with specialty distributor, BioRidge Pharma, LLC ( BioRidge ) to warehouse, ship, and distribute
Alferon N Injection  on an exclusive basis in support of U.S. sales. On July 31, 2015, it was mutually agreed upon to extend
this agreement through August 14, 2017 subject to the same terms and conditions. We previously extended this agreement for the
previous three years also under the same terms and conditions. 

On March 9, 2015, we executed
an agreement with Emerge Health Pty Ltd. ( Emerge ) to seek approval of Ampligen  for CFS in Australia and New Zealand
and to commence distribution of Ampligen  in both countries on a named-patient basis, where deemed appropriate. The parties
intend to collaborate on seeking regulatory approval from Australia's Therapeutic Goods Administration ( TGA ) and New
Zealand's Medicines and Medical Devices Safety Authority ( Medsafe ). Under this five-year exclusive license to sell,
market, and distribute Ampligen in Australia and New Zealand to treat CFS, Emerge will implement regulatory-compliant programs
to educate physicians about Ampligen  for CFS and seek orphan drug designation and approval of Ampligen  to treat CFS.
Hemispherx will support these efforts and will supply Ampligen  at a predetermined transfer price. We have the right to buy
out of the agreement at a price equal to three times Ampligen  sales for the preceding 12 months if exercised within the first
two years or two times such sales if exercised after year three. 

On May 24, 2016, we entered
into an amended and restated multi-year agreement with Impatients, N.V. ( Impatients ), a Netherlands based company doing
business as myTomorrows, for the commencement and management of an Early Access Program ( EAP ) in Europe and Turkey
(the  Territory ) related to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Pursuant to the agreement, MyTomorrows, as Hemispherx 
exclusive service provider and distributor in the Territory, would perform EAP activities. These activities would be directed to
(a) the education of physicians and patients regarding the possibility of early access to innovative medical treatments not yet
the subject of a Marketing Authorization (regulatory approval) through named-patient use, compassionate use, expanded access and
hospital exemption (b) patient and physician outreach related to a patient-physician platform, (c) the securing of Early Access
Approvals (exemptions and/or waivers required by regulatory authorities for medical treatments prior to Marketing Authorization)
for the use of such treatments, (d) the distribution and sale of such treatments pursuant to such Early Access Approvals, (e) pharmacovigilance
(drug safety) activities and/or (f) the collection of data such as patient-reported outcomes, doctor-reported experiences and registry
data. Hemispherx would support these efforts and supply Ampligen to myTomorrows at a predetermined transfer price. In the event
that we receive Marketing Authorization in any country in the Territory, we would pay myTomorrows a royalty on products sold. The
parties established a Joint Steering Committee comprised of representatives of both parties to oversee the EAP. 

On August 6, 2015, we executed
an agreement with Emerge to seek approval of Alferon N Injection  in Australia and New Zealand and to commence distribution
of Alferon  in both countries on a named-patient basis, for treating genital warts and other infections and diseases to which
patients in Australia and New Zealand have become refractory to recombinant interferon. Hemispherx and Emerge will collaborate
on seeking regulatory approval from Australia s TGA and New Zealand s Medsafe. Under a five-year exclusive license
to sell, market, and distribute Alferon N Injection  in Australia and New Zealand, Emerge will implement regulatory-compliant
programs to educate physicians about Alferon . Hemispherx will support these efforts and will supply Alferon  at a predetermined
transfer price. We have the right to buy out of the agreement at a price equal to three times Alferon  sales for the preceding
12 months if exercised within the first two years or two times such sales if exercised after year three.  

401(k) Plan   

Each participant immediately
vests in his or her deferred salary contributions, while Company contributions will vest over one year. The 6% Company matching
contribution was terminated effective January 1, 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not make any
contributions towards the 401(k) Plan. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

See    Part
I - Financial Information; Item 1; Financial Statements;     Note 10:   Recent Accounting Pronouncements . 

Disclosure About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

There have been no material
changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in Part II; Item 7:  Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Critical Accounting Policies  contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Three months ended September 30, 2016
versus three months ended September 30, 2015    

Net Loss   

Our net loss was approximately
$2,862,000 and $3,803,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a decrease in loss
of approximately $941,000 or 25% when compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease in loss for these three months was primarily
due to the following: 

3)  a gain on the valuation adjustment on the redeemable warrants of approximately $103,000; and   

4)  an insurance settlement on legal expenses recorded as other income of approximately $190,000, offset by   

Net loss per share was
$(0.13) and $(0.18) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted average number of shares
of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was 21,832,940 as compared to 20,564,538 as of September 30, 2015. 

Revenues   

Revenues from our Ampligen 
Cost Recovery Program were $22,000 and $23,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had no Alferon N Injection  finished good product to commercially sell and all
revenue was generated from the FDA approved open-label treatment protocol, ( AMP 511 ), that allows patient access
to Ampligen    for treatment in an open-label safety study. 

Production Costs   

Production costs were approximately
$272,000 and $353,000, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This decrease of approximately $81,000
or 23% was primarily due to a decline in ongoing stability testing on Alferon  work-in-process inventory. 

Research and Development Costs   

Overall Research and Development
( R D ) costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1,342,000 as compared to $1,968,000
for the same period a year ago, reflecting a decrease of approximately $626,000 or 32%. The primary reason for the decrease in
research and development costs was due to a decrease in general R D expenses of approximately $708,000 including Alferon N
Injection  compliance testing and clinical work and a decrease in executive salaries and wages of approximately $372,000. This
was offset by a general net increase in R D expenses of approximately $336,000 associated with Ampligen .
 These decreases in general R D expenses were mainly the result of implementing a strong financial austerity plan whereby
we conducted an analysis of our research and development programs and our staffing levels within our New Jersey manufacturing facility. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and Administrative
( G A ) expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were approximately $1,634,000 and $1,685,000,
respectively, reflecting a decrease of approximately $51,000 or 3%. The decrease in G A expenses in 2016 was mainly due to
lower professional and legal fees of approximately $50,000 during the current quarter. 

Insurance settlement net of litigation
expenses   

The Company recorded a
net insurance settlement of $190,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 which resulted from the legal settlements
of various class action lawsuits during the current period. There were no such occurrences in the prior period. 

Interest and Other Income   

Interest and other income
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $40,000 and $181,000, respectively, representing a decrease
of approximately $141,000 or 78%. The primary cause for the decrease in investment income during the current period was primarily
due to lower balances available to invest in the current period as compared to the prior period. 

Redeemable Warrants   

The quarterly fiscal revaluation
of certain redeemable warrants resulted in a non-cash gain to the redeemable warrants liability for the three months ended September
30, 2016 amounting to a gain of approximately $103,000 (see Part I - Financial Information; Item 1; Financial Statements;  Note
13: Fair Value  for the various factors considered in the valuation of redeemable warrants). 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016
versus nine months ended September 30, 2015    

Net Loss   

Our net loss was approximately
$6,329,000 and $12,093,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a decrease in loss
of approximately $5,764,000 or 48% when compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease in loss for these nine months was primarily
due to the following: 

5)  a gain on the valuation adjustment on the redeemable warrants of approximately $103,000; offset by   

Net loss per share was
$(0.30) and $(0.62) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted average number of shares
of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was 21,046,418 as compared to 19,358,962 as of September 30, 2015. 

Revenues   

Revenues from our Ampligen 
Cost Recovery Program were $76,000 and $106,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had no Alferon N Injection  Finished Good product to commercially sell and all
revenue was generated from the FDA approved open-label treatment protocol, ( AMP 511 ), that allows patient access
to Ampligen    for treatment in an open-label safety study. 

Production Costs   

Production costs were approximately
$830,000 and 1,232,000, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This decrease of approximately $402,000
or 33% was primarily due to a decline in ongoing stability testing on Alferon  work-in-process inventory. 

Research and Development Costs   

Overall Research and Development
( R D ) costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $3,244,000 as compared to $7,081,000
for the same period a year ago, reflecting a decrease of approximately $3,837,000 or 54%. The primary reason for the decrease in
research and development costs was due to a decrease in general R D expenses of approximately $2,400,000 including Alferon
N Injection  compliance testing and clinical work and a decrease in executive salaries and wages of approximately $1,362,000.
This was offset by a general net increase in R D expenses of approximately $231,000 associated with Ampligen  .
 These decreases in general R D expenses were mainly the result of implementing a strong financial austerity plan whereby
we conducted an analysis of our research and development programs and our staffing levels within our New Jersey manufacturing facility. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and Administrative
( G A ) expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were approximately $5,721,000 and $5,600,000,
respectively, reflecting an increase of approximately $121,000 or 2%. The increase in G A expenses in 2016 was mainly due to
higher salaries and wages and severance related costs of approximately $107,000. 

Interest and Other Income   

Interest and other income
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $156,000 and $343,000, respectively, representing a decrease
of approximately $187,000 or 55%. The primary cause for the decrease in investment income during the current period was primarily
due to lower balances available to invest in the current period as compared to the prior period. 

Insurance settlement net of litigation
expenses   

The Company recorded a
net insurance settlement of $1,626,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 which resulted from the legal settlements
of various class action lawsuits during the current period. Insurance proceeds received of $3,726,000 were offset by litigation
settlement expenses of $2,100,000. There were no such expenses in the prior period (see  Part II - Other Information; Item
1: Legal Proceedings  for details). 

Loss on Sale of Marketable Securities   

Loss on sale of marketable
securities was $56,000 and $0, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Our securities sold during
the current period resulted in net realized losses. There were no such sales that incurred losses in 2015 for the same period. 

Sale of New Jersey Tax Net Operating
Loss   

In January 2016, the Company
effectively sold $16,000,000 of its approximately $29,000,000 of New Jersey state net operating loss carryforwards (for the year
2014) for approximately $1,320,000 and sold research credits for $241,000. In January 2015, the Company effectively sold $14,291,000
of its approximately $28,000,000 of New Jersey state net operating loss carryforwards (for the year 2013) for approximately $1,374,000,
representing an increase in cash gain of $187,000 or 14% (see Part I - Financial Information; Item 1; Financial Statements;  Note
11 :  Funds Received from Sale of Income Tax Net Operating Losses ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the same period in 2015. 

Redeemable Warrants   

The quarterly fiscal revaluation
of certain redeemable warrants resulted in a non-cash adjustment to the redeemable warrants liability for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 amounting to a gain of approximately $103,000 (see Part I - Financial Information; Item 1; Financial Statements;
 Note 13: Fair Value  for the various factors considered in the valuation of redeemable warrants). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Cash used in operating
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $5,278,000 compared to approximately $12,739,000 for
the same period in 2015, a decrease of $7,461,000 or 59%. The primary reason for this decrease in cash used in operations in 2016
was due to lower operating expenses whereby we conducted an analysis of our research and development programs as well as our staffing
levels within our New Jersey manufacturing facility which resulted in a decrease in cash flow used in operations in 2016. In addition,
the Company received net proceeds from an insurance settlement of $1,626,000 which resulted from the legal settlements of various
class action lawsuits during the current period. Also, the Company paid the 2014 executive incentive bonuses in January 2015 for
approximately $1,232,000 reflected in accrued expenses and also paid for work in process inventory of $1,326,000 in 2015. 

Cash provided by investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $2,943,000 compared to approximately $2,083,000 in cash
provided by investing activities for the same period in 2015, an increase of $860,000. The primary reason for the increase can
be attributable to additional sales and maturities of marketable securities during the current period of $3,371,000 as compared
to $2,497,000 in the prior period. 

Cash provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $4,693,000 compared to approximately $9,661,000 for the
same period in 2015, a decrease of $4,968,000. Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
primarily represented net proceeds received from the sale of common stock pursuant to a  Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with certain investors for the sale by us of 3,333,334 shares of our
common stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share. Concurrently with the sale of the common stock, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
we also sold warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of $4,520,000.  Cash provided
by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily represented the Company receiving net proceeds of
$9,680,000 from the sale of 3,416,141 shares sold pursuant to the ATM during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (see Part
I - Financial Information; Item 1; Financial Statements;  Note 8: Stockholders' Equity ). 

As of September 30, 2016,
we had approximately $8,009,000 in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, inclusive of approximately $3,536,000 in Marketable
Securities, representing a decrease of approximately $901,000 from December 31, 2015. In an effort to conserve cash, we conducted
an analysis of our research and development programs as well as our staffing levels within our New Jersey manufacturing facility.
Our analysis disclosed an ability to gain efficiencies and eliminate redundancies within our staffing which will result in a decrease
in cash flow used in operations in 2016 and beyond. If we are unable to commercialize and sell Ampligen  or Alferon  LDO
and/or recommence material sales of Alferon N Injection , our operations, financial position and liquidity may be adversely
impacted, and additional financing may be required. In this regard, due to the repair issues mentioned above within our NJ facility
and the high cost estimates to bring the facility back online, we most likely will need additional funds to finance the revalidation
process in our facility to initiate commercial manufacturing, thereby readying ourselves for an FDA Pre-Approval Inspection. However,
there is no assurance that such financing will be available. 

On
May 24, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated multi-year agreement with Impatients, N.V. ( Impatients ), a Netherlands
based company doing business as myTomorrows, for the commencement and management of an Early Access Program ( EAP )
in Europe  and  Turkey (the  Territory ) related to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Pursuant
to the agreement, MyTomorrows, as Hemispherx  exclusive service provider and distributor in the Territory, would perform
EAP activities. These activities would be directed to (a) the education of physicians and patients regarding the possibility of
early access to innovative medical treatments not yet the subject of a Marketing Authorization (regulatory approval) through named-patient
use, compassionate use, expanded access and hospital exemption (b) patient and physician outreach related to a patient-physician
platform, (c) the securing of Early Access Approvals (exemptions and/or waivers required by regulatory authorities for medical
treatments prior to Marketing Authorization) for the use of such treatments, (d) the distribution and sale of such treatments pursuant
to such Early Access Approvals, (e) pharmacovigilance (drug safety) activities and/or (f) the collection of data such as patient-reported
outcomes, doctor-reported experiences and registry data. Hemispherx would support these efforts and supply Ampligen to myTomorrows
at a predetermined transfer price. In the event that we receive Marketing Authorization in any country in the Territory, we would
pay myTomorrows a royalty on products sold. The parties would establish a Joint Steering Committee composes of representative of
both parties to oversee the EAP. 

We
have been reexamining our fundamental priorities in terms of direction, corporate culture and our ability to fund operations. As
a result, there have been significant changes at the Company in the past few months. The CEO of the Company was terminated and
the Board of Directors has made several changes to the Company s executive management team to provide effective and competent
leadership that, management believes, will properly position the Company to achieve its commercial goals and increase stockholder
value. Recent actions include aggressively pursuing international sales of clinical grade materials and implementing a strong financial
austerity plan. We are committed to a focused business plan oriented toward finding senior co-development partners with the capital
and expertise needed to commercialize the many potential therapeutic aspects of its experimental drug and its approved drug Alferon .
A co-development partner may help in the acceleration of the commercialization of many of our potential experimental drugs as they
have access to additional resources and capital; however, there can be no assurance that such co-development partnerships will
be on acceptable terms, or that such partnerships, will be acceptable from a profitability standpoint. Management s primary
objectives are to create stockholder value and deliver much needed therapies to patients. 

In 2015, Mr. Equels waived
his right under his employment agreement to any future payment of any incentive bonus related to the sale of the Company s
stock or other securities by, or on behalf of, the Company pursuant to the Maxim Equity Distribution Agreement or any similar or
successor ATM equity distribution agreement. Mr. Equels voluntarily provided this waiver in an effort to preserve cash and to help
the Company to ensure its short term commercialization goals. 

On January 26, 2016, the
Board, based on the recommendation of its Compensation Committee, established two programs - the 2016 Senior Executive Deferred
Cash Performance Award Plan for Dr. William A. Carter and Thomas K. Equels, the Company s two primary executive officers,
and the 2016 Voluntary Incentive Stock Award Plan for Company employees and Board members other than Dr. Carter and Mr. Equels.
Both Plans include a Base Pay Supplement provision. 

The
Company maintains a record of the number of shares of stock represented by each Incentive Right issued out of the 2016 Voluntary
Incentive Stock Award Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued 140,936 incentive shares associated
with the Plan and recorded $219,000 in equity-based compensation. For a more detailed subscription of these plans, please see 
Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources
 section within the Company s 2015 Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016. 

On
December 15, 2015, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (the  Chardan Agreement )
to create an at-the-market equity program under which we may sell shares of our common stock from time to time through Chardan
Capital Markets, LLC, as sales agent ( Chardan ). Under the Chardan Agreement, Chardan will be entitled to a commission
at a fixed commission rate of 3.0% of the gross sales price of Shares sold under the Chardan Agreement. Sales of the Shares, if
any, under the Chardan Agreement may be made in transactions that are deemed to be  at-the-market  offerings as defined
in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made by means of ordinary brokers  transactions,
including on the NYSE MKT, at market prices or as otherwise agreed with Chardan. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the
Shares, and may at any time suspend offers under the Chardan Agreement or terminate the Chardan Agreement.  Effective August
26, 2016, the Company halted all future offers and sales of its common stock under the Chardan Agreement and reduced the amount
of potential future offers and sales under the Chardan Agreement to $0.00. Between December 15, 2015, the date of the Chardan Agreement,
and August 26, 2016, we sold an aggregate of 114,394 shares of common stock pursuant to the Chardan Agreement for aggregate net
proceeds of approximately $174,000. 

On
September 6, 2016, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with certain investors
for the sale by us of 3,333,334 shares of our Common Stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share. Concurrently with the sale of
the Common Stock, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we also sold warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock for aggregate
gross proceeds of $5,000,000. The net proceeds from the transactions were approximately $4,520,000 after deducting certain fees
due to the transaction expenses of the placement agent and the Company. The net proceeds received by the Company from the transactions
will be used for preparation for technology transfer opportunities, expenses related to Ampligen  manufacturing, working capital
and general corporate purposes.   See Part I - Financial Information;
Item 1; Financial Statements;  Note 8: Stockholders  Equity .  

There can be no assurances
that, if needed, we will be able to raise adequate funds from these or other sources or enter into licensing, partnering or other
arrangements to advance our business goals. Our inability to raise such funds or enter into such arrangements, if needed, could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop our products. Also, we have the ability to curtail discretionary spending,
including some research and development activities, if required to conserve cash. Because of our long-term capital requirements,
we may seek to access the public equity market whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for
additional capital at that time. We are unable to estimate the amount, timing or nature of future sales of outstanding common stock
or instruments convertible into or exercisable for our common stock. Any additional funding may result in significant dilution
and could involve the issuance of securities with rights, which are senior to those of existing stockholders. We may also need
additional funding earlier than anticipated, and our cash requirements, in general, may vary materially from those now planned,
for reasons including, but not limited to, changes in our research and development programs, clinical trials, acquisitions of intellectual
property or assets, enhancements to the manufacturing process, competitive and technological advances, the regulatory processes
including the commercializing of Ampligen  products or new utilization of Alferon  products. See Part II, Item 1A. Risk
Factors;   We may require additional financing which may not be available.   

ITEM 3:  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

We had approximately $8,009,000
in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, inclusive of approximately $3,536,000 in Marketable Securities as of September
30, 2016, representing a decrease of approximately $901,000 from December 31, 2015. 

To the extent that our
cash and cash equivalents exceed our near term funding needs, we intend to invest the excess cash in money market accounts, high-grade
corporate bonds or fixed-income type bond funds. We employ established conservative policies and procedures to manage any risks
with respect to investment exposure. 

ITEM 4:   Controls and Procedures  

Our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, which have
been designed to permit us to effectively identify and timely disclose important information. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, Management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and Management is required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016, to
ensure that material information was accumulated and communicated to our Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we have made no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1:   Legal Proceedings   

(a)      Mark Zicherman v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., William A. Carter, Thomas K. Equels, Iraj E.
Kiani, William M. Mitchell, Richard C. Piani, David Strayer and Charles T. Bernhardt, U.S. District Court for Eastern District
of Pennsylvania, Case No. 2:13-cv-00243-WY.     

(b)      Michael Desclos v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., William A. Carter, Charles T. Bernhardt, Thomas
K. Equels, David R. Strayer, Richard C. Piani, William M. Mitchell, and Iraj E. Kiani, First Judicial District of Pennsylvania,
Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia, March 2013 Term, No. 110.     

(c)      Richard J. Sussman and Douglas T. Lowe v.     Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., William
A. Carter, Charles T. Bernhardt, Thomas K. Equels, David R. Strayer, Richard C. Piani, William M. Mitchell, and Iraj E. Kiani,
First Judicial District of Pennsylvania, Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia, April 2013 Term, No. 3458.     

(d)      Rena A. Kastis and James E. Conroy v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., William A. Carter, Thomas
K. Equels, Richard C. Piani, William M. Mitchell, Iraj E. Kiani and Robert E Peterson, Chancery Court of the State of Delaware,
June 18, 2013, Case No. 8657.     

(e)      Cato Capital, LLC v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., U.S. District Court for the District of
Delaware, Case No. 9-549-GMS.      

(a)    On January 15, 2013, a Shareholder Derivative Complaint
was filed against the Company, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former Officers and Directors in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Purporting to assert claims on behalf of the Company, the Complaint
in this action, Mark Zicherman v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al., alleges violations of state law, including breaches of fiduciary
duties, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment, arising from the alleged federal securities violations asserted in the
securities class action. On February 22, 2013, the Court entered an order temporarily staying this case pending the outcome of
the securities class action defendants' motion to dismiss that action. On July 3, 2013, Plaintiff filed an Amended Complaint,
adding David R. Strayer, M.D., as a Defendant. On July 18, 2013, the Court entered an order staying the case as against Dr. Strayer
pending the outcome of the motion to dismiss the securities class action. On January 24, 2014, the Court denied the defendants'
motion to dismiss the securities class action. On March 26, 2014, the Court entered an order to continue the temporary stay, and
on March 27, 2014, the Court entered an order placing the action in the Civil Suspense File. On April 11, 2014, the Court entered
a Stipulated Protective Order, which will govern all confidential documents produced in discovery. On January 28, 2015, on request
of the parties, the Court entered an Order continuing the temporary stay, subject to the requirement that the parties submit an
updated joint status report within ten days of the court s entry of an order granting or denying the securities class action
parties  motion for preliminary approval of their settlement agreement. On or about January 13, 2016, the parties agreed
to attempt to resolve the action through mediation. On February 11, 2016, the parties engaged in a mediation and, at that mediation,
reached an agreement in principle to settle all claims. On April 27, 2016, the parties executed a Stipulation and Agreement of
Settlement ( Settlement ). On May 27, 2016, the Court entered an order preliminarily approving the parties 
Settlement. On September 29, 2016, the Court held a final approval hearing to determine whether the parties  Settlement
is fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of Hemispherx. On October 4, 2016, the Court entered an Order granting
final approval of the parties  settlement and     awarding the plaintiffs  counsel
$660,000 in attorneys  fees. The Settlement resolves all claims asserted in this action ( Zicherman ) and the
two related consolidated state-court actions referenced below, Michael Desclos v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. et al., and Richard
J. Sussman and Douglas T. Lowe v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al. The Settlement does not constitute any admission of fault
or wrongdoing by Hemispherx or any of the individual defendants. No Company funds were used to pay attorneys  fees award,
which was funded by Hemispherx s insurance companies. 

(b)    On March 4, 2013, a Shareholder Derivative Complaint
was filed against the Company, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former Officers and Directors in the First
Judicial District of Pennsylvania of the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia. Purporting to assert claims on behalf of the Company,
the Complaint in this action, Michael Desclos v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al., alleges violations of state law, including
breaches of fiduciary duties, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment, arising from the alleged federal securities violations
asserted in the securities class action. On April 10, 2013, the Court entered an order temporarily staying this case pending the
outcome of the securities class action defendants' motion to dismiss that action. On January 24, 2013, the court in the federal
securities class action denied the defendants' motion to dismiss. On January 29, 2014, the court entered an order consolidating
this action with the shareholder derivative action, Richard J. Sussman and Douglas T. Lowe v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al.,
described below. On March 26, 2014, the Court entered an order to continue the temporary stay. On June 9, 2014, the Court entered
a Stipulated Protective Order, which will govern all confidential documents produced in discovery. On or about January 13, 2016,
the parties agreed to attempt to resolve the action through mediation. On February 11, 2016, the parties engaged in a mediation
and, at that mediation, reached an agreement in principle to settle all claims. On April 27, 2016, the parties executed a Stipulation
and Agreement of Settlement ( Settlement ). On May 27, 2016, the Court in Zicherman entered an order preliminarily
approving the parties  Settlement. On September 29, 2016, the Court held a final approval hearing to determine whether the
parties  settlement is fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of Hemispherx. On October 4, 2016, the Court
entered an Order granting final approval of the parties  settlement and     awarding
the plaintiffs  counsel $660,000 in attorneys  fees. The Settlement, which resolves all claims asserted in this action
( Desclos ) and the two related actions, Zicherman, referenced above, and the state court action referenced below,
Richard J. Sussman and Douglas T. Lowe v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al., does not constitute any admission of fault or wrongdoing
by Hemispherx or any of the individual defendants. No Company funds were used to pay attorneys  fees award, which was funded
by Hemispherx s insurance companies. 

(c)    On April 23, 2013, a Shareholder Derivative Complaint
was filed against the Company, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former Officers and Directors in the First
Judicial District of Pennsylvania of the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia. Purporting to assert claims on behalf of the Company,
the Complaint in this action, Richard J. Sussman and Douglas T. Lowe v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al., alleges violations
of state law, including breaches of fiduciary duties, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and unjust
enrichment, arising from the alleged federal securities violations asserted in the securities class action. On May 10, 2013, the
Court entered an order staying this case pending the outcome of the ruling on the Federal Securities Class Action Defendants'
motion to dismiss. On January 24, 2014, the court in the federal securities class action denied the defendants' motion to dismiss.
On January 29, 2014, the Court entered an order consolidating this action with the shareholder derivative action, Michael Desclos
v. Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc., et al., described above. On March 26, 2014, the Court entered an order to continue the temporary
stay. On June 9, 2014, the Court entered a Stipulated Protective Order, which will govern all confidential documents produced
in discovery. On or about January 13, 2016, the parties agreed to attempt to resolve the action through mediation. On February
11, 2016, the parties engaged in a mediation and, at that mediation, reached an agreement to settle all claims. On April 27, 2016,
the parties executed a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement ( Settlement ). On May 27, 2016, the Court in Zicherman
entered an order preliminarily approving the parties  Settlement. On September 29, 2016, the Court held a final approval
hearing to determine whether the parties  settlement is fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of Hemispherx.
On October 4, 2016, the Court entered an Order granting final approval of the parties  settlement and  
  awarding the plaintiffs  counsel $660,000 in attorneys  fees. The Settlement, which resolves all claims
asserted in this action and the two related actions, Zicherman and Desclos, referenced above, does not constitute any admission
of fault or wrongdoing by Hemispherx or any of the individual defendants. No Company funds were used to pay attorneys  fees
award, which was funded by Hemispherx s insurance companies. 

(d)    On June 18, 2013, a Stockholder Derivative Complaint
was filed against the Company, as nominal defendant, and certain of its current and former Officers and Directors in the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The Complaint in this action, Rena A. Kastis and James E. Conroy v. Hemispherx Biopharma,
Inc., et al., alleges breaches of fiduciary duties, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment. The Company's Board of Directors
appointed a Special Litigation Committee ( SLC ) to review the allegations set forth in the Complaint. On September
10, 2013, the Court entered a Stipulation and Order staying all proceedings in this action pending the SLC s review and
recommendation concerning the allegations contained in the Complaint. On December 20, 2013, the SLC issued its Report, in which
it concluded that dismissing the Complaint would be in the best interests of Hemispherx and its stockholders. On January 20, 2014,
the SLC moved to dismiss the Complaint. Following briefing and oral argument on the motion to dismiss, the Court denied the SLC s
motion on August 18, 2015, but did dismiss the claims against former officer Robert E. Peterson. On October 13, 2015, Plaintiffs
filed a Verified Amended Derivative and Class Action Complaint (the  Amended Complaint ), asserting additional claims
for breach of fiduciary duty against Board member Peter W. Rodino, declaratory judgment with respect to certain bonuses paid to
officers of the Company, and a class action claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the current Board in connection with the
solicitation of votes in advance of the Company s 2015 annual meeting. The Amended Complaint also removed all of the dismissed
claims against Mr. Peterson. The Company and all individual defendants except former Board member Richard C. Piani answered the
Amended Compliant on November 19, 2015. The Court entered a scheduling order on December 2, 2015, but on January 5, 2016, the
parties agreed to suspend all litigation for 60 days and to attempt to resolve the action through mediation. The parties engaged
in a mediation on February 10, 2016, and reached an agreement in principle to settle all claims on April 27, 2016. That agreement
was memorialized in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the  Settlement Stipulation ) which was filed with
the Court on June 8, 2016. The settlement was subject to the Court's finally approving the terms of the parties  settlement
agreement in all material respects. On June 8, 2016, concurrent with the filing of the Settlement Stipulation, the parties filed
a joint proposed scheduling order, which the Court entered the same day (the  Scheduling Order ). The Scheduling Order
preliminarily certified the class for settlement purposes, directed the Company to issue notice (in the form approved by the Court)
to Company stockholders and members of the putative class, and scheduled a settlement approval hearing (the  Settlement
Approval Hearing ) to occur on September 9, 2016. At a final settlement hearing on September 19, 2016, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware approved a settlement of the derivative and class action case captioned Kastis, et al. v. Carter, et
al and awarded the plaintiffs  counsel $1.25 million in attorneys  fees. No Company funds were used to pay the settlement
or attorneys  fees award; the settlement was funded by Hemispherx s insurance companies which paid to Hemispherx $3.5
million in settlement of several policy disputes, in part related to this claim, that were in policy mediation. The final settlement
does not constitute any admission of fault or wrongdoing by Hemispherx or any of the individual defendants. 

(e)    Cato Capital, LLC ( Cato ) brought suit against
the Company on July 31, 2009, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (the  Court ), alleging
that under a November 2008 agreement between Cato and Hemispherx, Hemispherx owed Cato a placement fee arising from subsequent
Hemispherx financing and investment transactions. Hemispherx disputed these allegations, asserting that Cato failed to comply
with the provisions of its own contract. The Amended Complaint sought damages in the amount of $9,830,000.00 plus attorneys' fees
and punitive damages. Pursuant to an indemnification responsibility, Hemispherx has also retained this firm to undertake the defense
of the Sage Group. 

The Parties had a Non-Jury trial
on March 4, 5 and 6, 2013 before the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. On September 29, 2014, the Court
found in favor of Hemispherx and Sage on all counts, and dismissed Cato s claims in their entirety. On January 13, 2015,
the Court granted the Company s motion for attorney s fees and costs and awarded the Company $770,852.76. 

On October 24, 2014, Cato filed
a notice of appeal of the Court s September 29, 2014 decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
(the  Third Circuit ). On March 3, 2015, Cato filed its Brief in the Third Circuit. The Company s Brief in Response
was filed on April 6, 2015, with a Reply Brief by Cato filed on April 19, 2015. The Court of Appeals conducted Oral Argument on
July 16, 2015. On August 21, 2015 the Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment of the District Court. On September 9, 2015 Cato sought
reconsideration of the decision through re-argument or re-hearing by the en banc Court of Appeals. On September 17, 2015 the Court
of Appeals denied Cato s requests. On October 1, 2015 Hemispherx filed for additional costs and fees to be added to its existing
judgment. On February 10, 2016 the Court increased Hemispherx  judgment by an additional $48,725.75 to reflect the costs
of defending the Cato appeal. On February 11, 2016 the Court of Appeals returned the mandate to the District Court. The Company
is pursuing collection of its judgment in the amount of $829,578.51. 

ITEM 1A: Risk Factors  

The following cautionary
statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-Q. Among the key factors that have a direct bearing on our results of operations are: 

Risks Associated with Our Business  

No assurance of successful product development
and finding co-development partners.   

Ampligen  and related
products. The development of Ampligen  and our other related products is subject to a number of significant risks. Ampligen 
may be found to be ineffective or to have adverse side effects, fail to receive necessary regulatory clearances, be difficult to
manufacture on a commercial scale, be uneconomical to market or be precluded from commercialization by proprietary right of third
parties. Our investigational products are in various stages of clinical and pre-clinical development and require further clinical
studies and appropriate regulatory approval processes before any such products can be marketed. We do not know when, if ever, Ampligen 
or our other products will be generally available for commercial sale for any indication. Generally, only a small percentage of
potential therapeutic products are eventually approved by the FDA for commercial sale (Please see the next Risk Factor and Part
1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business; Our Products;
Ampligen   above for more information). 

Alferon N Injection .
Although Alferon N Injection  is approved for marketing in the United States for the intralesional treatment of refractory
or recurring external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older, to date it has not been approved for other indications.
We face many of the risks discussed above, with regard to developing this product for use to treat other ailments (Please see the
next Risk Factor and Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Business; Our Products;  Alferon N Injection   above for more information). 

We are committed to a focused
business plan oriented toward finding co-development partners with the necessary capital and expertise required to commercialize
the many therapeutic aspects of our experimental drugs and our FDA approved drug Alferon N . If we are unable to find a suitable
co-development partner to assist in the product development and commercialization of our experimental drugs and our FDA approved
drug Alferon N , we may be unable to continue or complete our development and commercialization of our products. In addition,
there can be no assurance that such co-development partnerships would be on acceptable terms, or that such partnerships, will be
acceptable from a profitability standpoint. 

Our drug and related technologies are
investigational and subject to regulatory approval. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval in a timely manner, or at all,
our operations will be materially harmed and our stock adversely affected.   

All of our drugs and associated
technologies, other than Alferon N Injection , are investigational and must receive prior regulatory approval by appropriate
regulatory authorities for commercial distribution and sale and are currently legally available only through clinical trials with
specified disorders. At present, Alferon N Injection  is approved for the intralesional treatment of refractory or recurring
external genital warts in patients 18 years of age or older. Use of Alferon N Injection  for other indications will require
regulatory approval. 

Our products, including
Ampligen , are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States ( U.S. )
and other countries, including, but not limited to, the FDA in the U.S., the Health Protection Branch ( HPB ) of Canada,
the Agency for the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) in Europe and the Administracion Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos
y Tecnologia Medica ( ANMAT ) in Argentina. Obtaining regulatory approvals is a rigorous and lengthy process and requires
the expenditure of substantial resources. In order to obtain final regulatory approval of a new drug, we must demonstrate to the
satisfaction of the regulatory agency that the product is safe and effective for its intended uses and that we are capable of manufacturing
the product to the applicable regulatory standards. We require regulatory approval in order to market Ampligen  or any other
proposed product and receive product revenues or royalties. We cannot assure you that Ampligen  will ultimately be demonstrated
to be safe and efficacious. While Ampligen  is authorized for use in clinical trials in the U.S., we cannot assure you that
additional clinical trial approvals will be authorized in the United States or in other countries, in a timely fashion or at all,
or that we will complete these clinical trials. In addition, although Ampligen  has been authorized by the FDA for treatment
use under certain conditions, including provision for cost recovery, there can be no assurance that such authorization will continue
in effect. 

On February 1, 2013, we
received a CRL from the FDA declining to approve our Ampligen  NDA for the treatment of CFS. The FDA communicated that we should
conduct at least one additional clinical trial, complete various nonclinical studies and perform a number of data analysis. For
more detailed information about the current status of our Ampligen  NDA please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business; Our Products; Ampligen   above. 

The FDA's regulatory review
and approval process is extensive, lengthy, expensive and inherently uncertain. To receive approval for a product candidate, we
must, among other things, demonstrate to the FDA's satisfaction with substantial evidence from well-controlled pre-clinical and
clinical trials that the product candidate is both safe and effective for each indication for which approval is sought. Before
we can sell Ampligen  for any use, or promote Alferon  for any use other than as Alferon N Injection  for treatment
of refractory or recurring genital warts, we will need to file the appropriate NDA with the FDA in the U.S. and the appropriate
regulatory agency outside of the U.S. where we intend to market and sell such products. At present the only NDA we have filed with
the FDA is the NDA for the use of Ampligen  to treat CFS. As discussed in the prior paragraph, the FDA declined to approve
this NDA and indicated that we needed to conduct additional work. Therefore, ultimate FDA approval, if any, may be delayed by several
years and may require us to expend more resources than we have available. It is also possible that additional studies, if performed
and completed, may not be successful or considered sufficient by the FDA for approval or even to make our applications approvable.
If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon one or more of our future applications for approval, which might significantly
harm our business and prospects. As a result, we cannot predict if or when we might receive regulatory approval for the use of
Ampligen  to treat CFS or for the use of any other products. Even if regulatory approval from the FDA is received for the use
of Ampligen  to treat CFS or eventually, for the use of any other product, any approvals that we obtain could contain significant
limitations in the form of narrow indications, patient populations, warnings, precautions or contra-indications or other conditions
of use, or the requirement that we implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy. In such an event, our ability to generate
revenues from such products could be greatly reduced and our business could be harmed. 

Even if we believe that
data collected from our preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidate are promising, this data has not been,
and may not be in the future, sufficient to support marketing approval by the FDA, and regulatory interpretation of these data
and procedures may continue to be unfavorable. 

To the extent that we are
required by the FDA pursuant to the Ampligen  NDA to conduct additional studies and take additional actions, approval of any
applications that we submit may be delayed by several years, or may require us to expend more resources than we have available.
It is also possible that additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be successful or considered sufficient by the
FDA for approval or even to make our applications approvable. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon one or
more of our future applications for approval, which might significantly harm our business and prospects. As a result, we cannot
predict when or whether regulatory approval will be obtained for any product candidate we develop. 

Obtaining approval of a NDA by the FDA, or a
comparable foreign regulatory authority, is inherently uncertain. Even after completing clinical trials and other studies, a product
candidate could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 

not be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that our product candidate is safe and effective for any indication;   

the FDA may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials or other studies;   

the results of the clinical trials or other studies may not demonstrate that a product candidate's
clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks;   

the FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from clinical trials or other studies;   

the data collected from clinical trials and other studies of a product candidate may not be sufficient
to support the submission of a NDA;   

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly change in a manner rendering
our clinical and other study data insufficient for approval; and   

the FDA may not approve the proposed manufacturing processes and facilities for a product candidate.   

In 2012, FDA reviewers
raised certain questions about the status of our existing lots of older Work-In-Process Alferon  materials and Alferon 
Active Pharmaceutical Product ( API ), which would need to be released by the FDA before those materials could be used
in commercial product. After conducting all of the appropriate tests on samples of the inventory during 2013, we concluded that
we could not alleviate certain questions the FDA had about the older Work-In-Process Alferon N Injection . Accordingly, these
lots were not submitted to the FDA to request release for commercial sale and their remaining dollar value was written-off. In
the absence of FDA approvals for product manufactured from existing inventory, commercial sales of Alferon  will not resume
until new batches of Alferon  inventory and API can be produced, filled and finished, and released by the FDA for commercial
sale. (Please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Business; Our Products; Manufacturing  above for more information). 

Alferon  LDO has been
approved for pre-clinical testing for possible use as prophylaxis and treatment against influenza. While the studies to date have
been encouraging, preliminary testing in the laboratory and in animal models is not necessarily predictive of successful results
in clinical testing or human treatment. No assurance can be given that similar results will be observed in clinical trials. Use
of Alferon  as a possible treatment of influenza requires prior regulatory approval. In October 2009, we originally submitted
a protocol to the FDA proposing to conduct a Phase II, double-blind, adaptive-design, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging
study of Alferon  LDO for the prophylaxis and treatment of seasonal and pandemic influenza of more than 200 subjects. In December
2010, the FDA authorized this Phase II, double-blind, adaptive-design, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging study of Alferon 
LDO for the prophylaxis and treatment of seasonal and pandemic influenza of more than 200 subjects. Our Phase II study has been
delayed. The outcome of this confirmatory study, if and when resumed, will allow us to better evaluate the potential effectiveness
of this product and to proceed with this study of seasonal and pandemic influenza. We are unable to provide any assurances that
the Phase II Alferon  LDO study for the prophylaxis and treatment of seasonal and pandemic influenza will be undertaken. 

If we are unable to gain
necessary FDA approvals related to Ampligen  and Alferon  on a timely basis, our operations most likely will be materially
and/or adversely affected. Additionally, if we are unable to generate the additional data, successfully complete inspections or
obtain approvals as required by the FDA on a timely manner, or at all, or determine that any of our clinical studies are not cost/justified
to undertake or if, for that or any other reason, Ampligen , Alferon  or one of our other products or production processes
do not receive necessary regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere: 

our ability to generate revenues to sustain our operations will be substantially impaired, which
would increase the likelihood that we would need to obtain additional financing for our other development efforts;   

our reputation among investors might be harmed, which might make it more difficult for us to obtain
equity capital on attractive terms or at all; and   

our profitability would be delayed, our business will be materially harmed and our stock price may be adversely affected.   

Biotechnology stock prices,
including our stock price, have declined significantly in certain instances where companies have failed to meet expectations with
respect to FDA approval or the timing for FDA approval. 

We may continue to incur substantial
losses and our future profitability is uncertain.   

We last reported net profit
from 1985 through 1987. Since 1987, with a major emphasis on new drug diagnostic and development, we have incurred substantial
operating losses, as we pursued our clinical trial effort to get our experimental drug, Ampligen , approved. As of September
30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was approximately $299,328,000. We have not yet generated significant revenues from our products
and may incur substantial and increased losses in the future. We cannot assure that we will ever achieve significant revenues from
product sales or become profitable. We require, and will continue to require, the commitment of substantial resources to develop
our products. We cannot assure that our product development efforts will be successfully completed or that required regulatory
approvals will be obtained or that any products will be manufactured and marketed successfully, or be profitable. 

We most likely will require additional
financing which may not be available.   

The development of our
products requires the commitment of substantial resources to conduct the time consuming research, preclinical development, and
clinical trials that are necessary to bring pharmaceutical products to market. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $8,009,000
in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (inclusive of approximately $3,536,000 in Marketable Securities). However,
if we are unable to commercialize and sell Ampligen  or Alferon  LDO and/or recommence material sales of Alferon N Injection ,
our operations, financial position and liquidity may be adversely impacted. 

In its CRL, the FDA communicated
that Hemispherx should conduct at least one additional clinical trial, complete various nonclinical studies and perform a number
of data analyses. Until we undertake the end-of-review conference(s) with the FDA or otherwise reach an agreement with the FDA
regarding the design of a confirmatory study, we are unable to reasonably estimate the nature, costs, necessary efforts to obtain
FDA clearance or anticipated completion dates of any additional clinical study or studies. Utilizing the industry norms for undertaking
a Phase III clinical study, we estimate upon acceptance of the study's design that it would take approximately 18 months to three
years to complete a new well-controlled Ampligen  clinical study for resubmission to the FDA. It can be reasonably anticipated
that the time and cost to undertake clinical trial(s), studies and data analysis are beyond our current financial resources without
gaining access to additional funding. The actual duration to complete the clinical study may be different based on the length of
time it takes to design the study and obtain FDA's acceptance of the design, the final design of an acceptable Phase III clinical
study design, availability of suitable participants and clinical sites along with other factors that could impact the implementation
of the study, analysis of results or requirements of the FDA and/or other governmental organizations. 

Given the challenging economic
conditions, we continue to review every aspect of our operations for cost and spending reductions to assure our long-term financial
stability while maintaining the resources necessary to achieve our primary objectives of obtaining NDA approval of Ampligen 
along with the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of our products, including Alferon N Injection . Due to the repair
issues mentioned above within our NJ facility and the high cost estimates to bring the facility back online, we most likely will
need additional funds to finance the revalidation process in our facility to initiate commercial manufacturing, thereby readying
ourselves for an FDA Pre-Approval Inspection. We may also need additional capital to eventually commercialize and sell Ampligen 
or Alferon  LDO and/or recommence and increase sales of Alferon N Injection  or our other products. We anticipate considering
multiple options in an attempt to secure funding, including but not limited to such methods as the sales of additional equity,
licensing agreements, partnering with other organizations, debt financing or other sources of capital. We may also  review
the possibility of selling the remaining work-in-process inventory through the EAP; however, this inventory has yet to go through
the fill and finish process.   

If we are unable to obtain
additional funding, through the EDA or otherwise, our ability to develop our products, commercially produce inventory or continue
our operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Our Alferon N Injection  Commercial
Sales were halted due to lack of finished goods inventory. If we are unable to gain the necessary FDA approvals related to Alferon ,
our operations most likely will be materially and/or adversely affected.   

Commercial sales of Alferon
N Injection  were halted in March 2008 when our finished goods inventory expired. The production of Alferon N Injection 
from the Work-In-Process Inventory was restarted in May 2010, continued into January 2011 with its conversion into API. 

In April 2012, FDA reviewers
raised certain questions about the status of our existing lots of older Work-In-Process Alferon  materials and Alferon 
API, which would need to be released by the FDA before those materials could be used in commercial product. After conducting all
of the appropriate tests on samples of the inventory during 2013, we concluded that we could not alleviate certain questions the
FDA had about the older Work-In-Process Alferon N Injection  and their remaining dollar value has been written-off. Commercial
sales of Alferon  will not resume until new batches of Alferon  inventory and API can be produced, filled and finished,
and released by the FDA for commercial sale. 

While our facility is FDA
approved under the BLA by the FDA for Alferon , this status will need to be reaffirmed upon the completion of the facility's
upgrades for Alferon . We cannot provide any guarantee that the facility will necessarily pass a FDA pre-approval inspection
for Ampligen  or Alferon  manufacture, which are conducted in separately dedicated areas within the overall New Brunswick
manufacturing complex. Please see the Risk Factor   There is no assurance that our manufacturing facility will again be
granted a BLA certification by the FDA upon completion of the manufacturing enhancements or return to commercial, large-scale production . 
below for more information. 

If we are unable to gain
the necessary FDA approvals related to the manufacturing process and/or final product of new Alferon  inventory, our operations
most likely will be materially and/or adversely affected. For more information on Alferon N Injection  regarding potential
commercial sales, please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Business; Manufacturing . 

In light of these contingencies,
there can be no assurances that the approved Alferon N Injection  product will be returned to production on a timely basis,
if at all, or that if and when it is again made commercially available, it will return to prior sales levels. 

We may not be profitable unless we can
protect our patents and/or receive approval for additional pending patents.   

We need to preserve and
acquire enforceable patents covering the use of Ampligen  for a particular disease in order to obtain exclusive rights for
the commercial sale of Ampligen  for such disease. We obtained all rights to Alferon N Injection , and we plan to preserve
and acquire enforceable patents covering its use for existing and potentially new diseases. Our success depends, in large part,
on our ability to preserve and obtain patent protection for our products and to obtain and preserve our trade secrets and expertise.
Certain of our know-how and technology is not patentable, particularly the procedures for the manufacture of our experimental drug,
Ampligen . We also have been issued a patent which affords protection on the use of Ampligen  in patients with Chronic
Fatigue Syndrome. We have not yet been issued any patents in the United States for the use of Ampligen  as a sole treatment
for any of the cancers which we have sought to target. For more information on Patents, please see 2015 Form 10-K, PART I, Item
I    Business; Patents . 

We cannot assure that our
competitors will not seek and obtain patents regarding the use of similar products in combination with various other agents, for
a particular target indication prior to our doing so. If we cannot protect our patents covering the use of our products for a particular
disease, or obtain additional patents, we may not be able to successfully market our products. 

The patent position of biotechnology
and pharmaceutical firms is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions.   

To date, no consistent
policy has emerged regarding the breadth of protection afforded by pharmaceutical and biotechnology patents. There can be no assurance
that new patent applications relating to our products, process or technology will result in patents being issued or that, if issued,
such patents will afford meaningful protection against competitors with similar technology. It is generally anticipated that there
may be significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and intellectual property rights. Such litigation could require
substantial resources from us and we may not have the financial resources necessary to enforce the patent rights that we hold.
No assurance can be made that our patents will provide competitive advantages for our products, process and technology or will
not be successfully challenged by competitors. No assurance can be given that patents do not exist or could not be filed which
would have a materially adverse effect on our ability to develop or market our products or to obtain or maintain any competitive
position that we may achieve with respect to our products. Our patents also may not prevent others from developing competitive
products or process using related technology. 

There can be no assurance that we will
be able to obtain necessary licenses if we cannot enforce patent rights we may hold. In addition, the failure of third parties
from whom we currently license certain proprietary information or from whom we may be required to obtain such licenses in the future,
to adequately enforce their rights to such proprietary information, could adversely affect the value of such licenses to us.   

If we cannot enforce the
patent rights we currently hold we may be required to obtain licenses from others to develop, manufacture or market our products.
There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain any such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We currently
license certain proprietary information from third parties, some of which may have been developed with government grants under
circumstances where the government maintained certain rights with respect to the proprietary information developed. No assurances
can be given that such third parties will adequately enforce any rights they may have or that the rights, if any, retained by the
government will not adversely affect the value of our license. 

There is no guarantee that our trade
secrets will not be disclosed or known by our competitors.   

To protect our rights,
we require all employees and certain consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements with us. There can be no assurance that
these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate and enforceable remedies for any breach, or that any trade secrets
of ours will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

We have limited marketing and sales capability.
If we are unable to obtain additional distributors and our current and future distributors do not market our products successfully,
we may not generate significant revenues or become profitable.   

We have limited marketing
and sales capability. We are dependent upon existing and, possibly future, marketing agreements and third party distribution agreements
for our products in order to generate significant revenues and become profitable. As a result, any revenues received by us will
be dependent in large part on the efforts of third parties, and there is no assurance that these efforts will be successful. 

Our commercialization strategy
for Ampligen  for CFS, if and when it is approved for marketing and sale by the FDA, may include licensing/co-marketing agreements
utilizing the resources and capacities of a strategic partner(s). We continue to seek a world-wide marketing partner with the goal
of having a relationship in place before approval is obtained. In parallel to partnering discussions, appropriate pre-marketing
activities will be undertaken. It is our current intention to control manufacturing of Ampligen  on a world-wide basis. 

Our commercialization strategy
for Alferon N Injection  may include the utilization of internal functions and/or licensing/co-marketing agreements that would
utilize the resources and capacities of one or more strategic partners. Accordingly, we have engaged Armada Healthcare to undertake
the marketing, education and sales of Alferon N Injection  throughout the United States along with GP Pharm for both Ampligen 
and Alferon  in Argentina along with other South and Latin American countries. 

We cannot assure that our
U.S. or foreign marketing strategy will be successful or that we will be able to establish future marketing or third party distribution
agreements on terms acceptable to us, or that the cost of establishing these arrangements will not exceed any product revenues.
Our inability to establish viable marketing and sales capabilities would most likely have a materially adverse effect on us. There
can be no assurances that the approved Alferon N Injection  product will be returned to prior sales levels. 

There are no long-term agreements with
suppliers of required materials and services for Ampligen  and there are a limited number of raw material/reagent suppliers
for Ampligen  and  Alferon  . If we are unable to obtain
the required raw materials/Reagents and/or services, we may not be able to manufacture Ampligen  and  Alferon  .   

A number of essential raw
materials are used in the production of Ampligen  as well as packaging materials utilized in the fill and finish process. We
do not have, but continue to work towards having long-term agreements for the supply of such materials, when possible. There can
be no assurance we can enter into long-term supply agreements covering essential materials on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. 

There are a limited number
of suppliers in the United States and abroad available to provide the raw and packaging materials/reagents for use in manufacturing
Ampligen  and Alferon . At present, we do not have any agreements with third parties for the supply of any of these materials
or we are relying on a limited source of reagent suppliers necessary for the manufacture of Alferon . We have established relevant
manufacturing operations within our New Brunswick, New Jersey facility for the production of Ampligen  polymers from raw materials
in order to obtain a more consistent manufacturing basis in the quantities necessary for clinical testing. In September 2011 and
similar to our prior agreements, Hollister-Stier has agreed to undertake the manufacturing sets to formulate, fill, finish and
package Ampligen  from the key polymers that we would supply. Hollister-Stier would have the right of first refusal to manufacture
certain Ampligen  related products. In July 2016, we reached an agreement with Avecia to serve as an additional contract manufacturer
of Ampligen  for use with clinical studies as well as the recently initiated Early Access Program (EAP) in Europe and Turkey.
We believe that we have sufficient quantities of Ampligen  to meet our limited near term projected needs until we start receiving
product from Avecia. Should there be an unanticipated delay in receiving new product from Avecia or should we experience an unexpected
demand for Ampligen  in our clinical studies or pursuant to the EAP, our ability to supply Ampligen  most likely will be
adversely affected. Although the Company has engaged Avecia, we will continue to work towards an amended agreement with Hollister-Stier. 

In addition,  during
the final stage of the manufacturing process we encountered issues regarding a change in both the contract supplier of leukocytes
and the long term supply availability related to a reagent used in the formulation of Alferon . We have substantially
resolved these issues through engaging in multiple agreements with suppliers of leukocytes as well as entering into a licensing
agreement with a foreign multinational chemicals and biotechnology company that has been in business for over a century for the
sourcing of the primary reagent allowing us to manufacture Alferon . However, due to the interruption of the required flow
of leukocytes, production ceased, causing parts to malfunction in the upstream process when the system was restarted for testing.
We were working diligently to make the necessary repairs to be able to restart the validation process; however, in the process
of obtaining time estimates for the repairs we experienced a flood within portions of our manufacturing facility. As a result,
we   will be constrained in our ability to manufacture product in the near future due to this
flood in the upstream processing cleanroom that contains the bioreactor. The flood occurred on the afternoon of January 5, 2016,
caused by a malfunctioning water supply pipe for the sprinkler system covering a large amount of the cleanroom in stagnant water
and silt from the sprinkler system.  Our facility insurer has been proactive in addressing and covering the loss. While repairs
have required preapproval by our insurer, activity moved forward quickly. The repairs noted below required special action because
of the need to keep this critical manufacturing room within International Organization for Standardization (ISO) classifications
and the need to certify that all the equipment that was exposed, or submerged, is in proper condition and operating effectively
following the corrective actions. All HEPA filters affected by the flood were tested by an outside contractor and have passed all
required tests. The flooring that was damaged has been repaired using a special epoxy that is used in cleanrooms. A large portion
of the walls in the ISO classified area were damaged. We had a damage mitigation company come in to stop any moisture from seeping
further into the ISO classified areas. Subsequently, all damaged walls and ceilings have been replaced with cleanroom grade materials
and need no further work. Six pumps that were affected by the flood were sent back to the manufacturer for inspection and repair.
Repairs that were required have been completed on the pumps and they were reinstalled in the Alferon manufacturing facility after
the floor repair work was completed. All pumps will need to be qualified for use in the manufacturing process prior to the validation
process for a Pre-Approval Inspection. All air ducts supplying the Alferon manufacturing area were cleaned and insulation replaced
along with ceiling tiles. All smaller pieces of machinery and equipment that could not be salvaged have been replaced. We also
completed the HVAC air balancing and qualification. At this time, we believe that all repairs to the manufacturing facility have
been completed. 

Currently, the manufacturing
process is on hold and there is no definitive timetable to have the facility back online.  If
we are unable to gain the necessary FDA approvals related to the manufacturing process and/or final product of new Alferon 
inventory, our operations most likely will be materially and/or adversely affected. In light of these contingencies, there can
be no assurances that the approved Alferon N Injection  product will be returned to production on a timely basis, if at all,
or that if and when it is again made commercially available, it will return to prior sales levels.  

If we are unable to obtain
or manufacture the required materials/reagents, and/or procure services needed in the final steps in the manufacturing process,
we may be unable to manufacture Ampligen . The costs and availability of products and materials we need for the production
of Ampligen  are subject to fluctuation depending on a variety of factors beyond our control, including competitive factors,
changes in technology, ownership of intellectual property, FDA and other governmental regulations. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain such products and materials on terms acceptable to us or at all. For more information on Ampligen 
manufacturing, please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Business; Our Products; Manufacturing  above. 

There are a limited number of organizations
in the United States available to provide the final manufacturing steps of formulation, fill, finish and packing sets for Alferon
N Injection  and Ampligen .   

There are a limited number
of organizations in the United States available to provide the final steps in the manufacturing for Alferon N Injection  and
Ampligen . To formulate, fill, finish and package our products ( fill and finish ), we require a FDA approved third
party CMO. 

In January 2012, we agreed
to a Technology, Transfer, Validation and Commercial Supply Agreement with Althea Technologies, Inc. regarding the fill and finish
process for Alferon N Injection . As we no longer have any existing inventory, commercial sales of Alferon  will not resume
until new batches of Alferon  inventory and API can be produced, filled and finished, and released by the FDA for commercial
sale. 

Pursuant our Supply Agreement
with Hollister-Stier, they will formulate, fill, finish and package Ampligen  from the key raw materials that we would supply.
We are unable to provide any assurances that the FDA will approve the inventory manufactured by us or produced by Hollister-Stier.
If this finish goods inventory is not granted approval by the FDA, our operations may be materially adversely affected. This Supply
Agreement expired on March 11, 2014. The Company is working towards an amendment to the existing Supply Agreement which may contain
additional fees as part of entering into the extension. In October 2014, we entered into a purchase commitment with a contract
manufacturer (Hollister Stier) for approximately $700,000 for the manufacture of clinical batches of Ampligen . We are in discussion
with Hollister-Stier about this purchase commitment. In July 2016, we reached an agreement with Avecia to serve as an additional
contract manufacturer of Ampligen  for use with clinical studies as well as the recently initiated Early Access Program (EAP)
in Europe and Turkey. Avecia should be able to meet our immediate requirements. We believe that we have sufficient quantities of
Ampligen  to meet our limited near term projected needs until we start receiving product from Avecia. Should there be an unanticipated
delay in receiving new product from Avecia or should we experience an unexpected demand for Ampligen  in our clinical studies
or pursuant to the EAP, our ability to supply Ampligen  most likely will be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to procure
services needed in the final steps in the manufacturing process, we may be unable to manufacture Alferon N Injection  and/or
Ampligen . The costs and availability of products and materials we need for the production of Ampligen  and the commercial
production of Alferon N Injection  and other products which we may commercially produce are subject to fluctuation depending
on a variety of factors beyond our control, including competitive factors, changes in technology, and FDA and other governmental
regulations and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such products and materials on terms acceptable to us
or at all. For more information on Ampligen  and Alferon N Injection  manufacturing, please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business; Our Products; Manufacturing  above. 

There is no assurance that our manufacturing
facility will again be granted a BLA certification by the FDA or return to commercial, large-scale production.    

We completed the construction
of our $8 million facility enhancement project in 2015 which, upon FDA approval, should provide for a higher capacity, more cost
effective manufacturing process for the production of Alferon N Injection . The production of new Alferon  API inventory
commenced in February 2015. While the facility is approved by FDA under the BLA for Alferon , this status will need to be reaffirmed
upon the completion of the facility's enhancements prior to commercial sale of newly produced inventory product. If and when we
obtain a reaffirmation of FDA BLA status, we will need FDA approval to release the final product confirming the quality and stability
to allow commercial sales to resume. For more information, please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business; Our Products; Manufacturing  above for more information. There
can be no assurance the BLA status will be recertified by the FDA upon the completion of the enhancement process or that the manufacturing
facility will return to commercial, large-scale production for Alferon . Additionally, there can be no assurance that any given
product will be determined to be safe and effective, or capable of being manufactured under applicable quality standards.  

Only if and when our BLA
status is recertified by the FDA to produce Alferon  API at our enhanced manufacturing facility and Althea gains FDA s
approval to formulate, fill and finish Alferon, can batches of Alferon  be released by the FDA for commercial sales. We are
unable to provide any assurances that the FDA will approve our enhanced manufacturing process and/or newly created finish product
lots formulated, filled and finished at Althea. Without FDA approval, our Alferon N Injection  will not be considered suitable
for commercial sales. 

Our ability to manufacture
at our manufacturing facility was also hampered and delayed by the damage resulting from the flood in January 2016. See Part 1,
Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business;  Marketing . 

In light of these contingencies,
there can be no assurances that the approved Alferon N Injection  product will be returned to commercial production or sale
on a timely basis, if at all, or that if and when it is again made commercially available, it will return to prior sales levels. 

There is no assurance that upon successful
manufacture of a drug on a limited scale basis for investigational use will lead to a successful transition to commercial, large-scale
production.   

Changes in methods of manufacturing,
including commercial scale-up, may affect the chemical structure of Ampligen  and other RNA drugs, as well as their safety
and efficacy. The transition from limited production of pre-clinical and clinical research quantities to production of commercial
quantities of our products will involve distinct management and technical challenges and may require additional management, technical
personnel and capital to the extent such manufacturing is not handled by third parties. While we believe that the Company could
successfully upgrade our production capability at our New Brunswick, NJ facility in a commercial scale-up of Ampligen , there
can be no assurance that our manufacturing will be successful or that any given product will be determined to be safe and effective,
or capable of being manufactured under applicable quality standards, economically, and in commercial quantities, or successfully
marketed. 

We have limited manufacturing experience
for Ampligen  and Alferon . We may not be profitable unless we can produce Ampligen , Alferon  or other products
in commercial quantities at costs acceptable to us  . 

Satisfactory inspection
by the FDA of both our Ampligen  and Alferon  manufacturing process is required before commercial sale of project would
be allowed. The CRL from the FDA on February 1, 2013, requests evaluation of variation between lots of Ampligen  tested in
the development process and recommends tighter control of the Ampligen  manufacturing process. We cannot provide any guarantee
that the facility will pass a FDA pre-approval inspection for Ampligen  or Alferon  manufacture, which are conducted in
separately dedicated areas within the overall New Brunswick manufacturing complex. The failure to obtain FDA approval for either
of our manufacturing process areas would most likely have a materially adverse impact upon us. 

Ampligen  has been
produced to date in limited quantities for use in our clinical trials, and we are dependent upon a qualified third party supplier
for the manufacturing, filling, finish and packaging process. The failure to continue these arrangements or to achieve other such
arrangements on satisfactory terms could have a material adverse effect on us. In furtherance of the capital improvement program
at our New Brunswick, NJ facility to upgrade our manufacturing capability to produce bulk quantities of Alferon N Injection 
API, the validation phase of the Alferon  manufacturing project is currently underway. While the facility is approved by FDA
under the BLA for Alferon , this status will need to be reaffirmed upon the completion of the facility's enhancements prior
to commercial sale of newly produced inventory product. If and when we obtain a reaffirmation of FDA BLA status, we will need FDA
approval to release the final product confirming the quality and stability to allow commercial sales to resume. For more information,
please see Part 1, Item II:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business;
Our Products; Manufacturing  above. In light of these contingencies, there can be no assurances that the approved Alferon
N Injection  product will be returned to production on a timely basis, if at all. The failure to obtain FDA approval of any
of our manufacturing process would most likely have a materially adverse impact upon us. 

Also to be successful,
our products must be manufactured in commercial quantities in compliance with regulatory requirements and at acceptable costs.
We believe, but cannot assure, that our enhancements to our manufacturing facilities will be adequate for our future needs for
the production of our proposed products for large-scale commercialization. We intend to ramp up our existing facility and/or utilize
third party facilities if and when the need arises or, if we are unable to do so, to build or acquire commercial-scale manufacturing
facilities. We will need to comply with regulatory requirements for such facilities, including those of the FDA pertaining to cGMP
requirements or maintaining our BLA status. There can be no assurance that such facilities can be used, built, or acquired on commercially
acceptable terms, or that such facilities, if used, built, or acquired, will be adequate for the production of our proposed products
for large-scale commercialization or our long-term needs. 

We have never produced
Ampligen , Alferon  or any other products in large commercial quantities. We must manufacture our products in compliance
with regulatory requirements in large commercial quantities and at acceptable costs in order for us to be profitable. We intend
to utilize third party manufacturers and/or facilities if and when the need arises or, if we are unable to do so, to build or acquire
commercial-scale manufacturing facilities. If we cannot manufacture commercial quantities of Ampligen  and/or Alferon ,
or continue to maintain third party agreements for its manufacture at costs acceptable to us, our operations will be significantly
affected. If and when the Ampligen  NDA is approved, we may need to find an additional vendor to manufacture the product for
commercial sales. Also, each production lot of Alferon N Injection  is subject to FDA review and approval prior to releasing
the lots to be sold. This review and approval process could take considerable time, which would delay our having product in inventory
to sell, nor can we provide any assurance as to the receipt of FDA approval of our finished inventory product. There can be no
assurances that the Ampligen  and/or Alferon  can be commercially produced at costs acceptable to us. 

Rapid technological change may render
our products obsolete or non-competitive.   

The pharmaceutical and
biotechnology industries are subject to rapid and substantial technological change. Technological competition from pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities and others diversifying into the field is intense and is expected
to increase. Most of these entities have significantly greater research and development capabilities than us, as well as substantial
marketing, financial and managerial resources, and represent significant competition for us. There can be no assurance that developments
by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive or that we will be able to keep pace with technological
developments. 

Our products may be subject to substantial
competition.   

Ampligen . Competitors
may be developing technologies that are, or in the future may be, the basis for competitive products. Some of these potential products
may have an entirely different approach or means of accomplishing similar therapeutic effects to products being developed by us.
These competing products may be more effective and less costly than our products. In addition, conventional drug therapy, surgery
and other more familiar treatments may offer competition to our products. Furthermore, many of our competitors have significantly
greater experience than we do in preclinical testing and human clinical trials of pharmaceutical products and in obtaining FDA,
HPB and other regulatory approvals of products. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining FDA, HPB or other regulatory
product approvals more rapidly than us. There are no drugs approved for commercial sale with respect to treating CFS in the United
States. The dominant competitors with drugs to treat disease indications in which we plan to address include Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline,
Merck   Co., Novartis and AstraZeneca. Biotech competitors include Baxter International, Fletcher/CSI, AVANT Immunotherapeutics,
AVI BioPharma and Genta. These potential competitors are among the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, are well known
to the public and the medical community, and have substantially greater financial resources, product development, and manufacturing
and marketing capabilities than we have. Although we believe our principal advantage is the unique mechanism of action of Ampligen 
on the immune system, we cannot assure that we will be able to compete. 

Alferon N Injection .
Our competitors are among the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, are well known to the public and the medical community,
and have substantially greater financial resources, product development, and manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we have.
Alferon N Injection  currently competes with Merck's injectable recombinant alpha interferon product (INTRON  A) for the
treatment of genital warts. In addition, other pharmaceutical firms offer self-administered topical cream, for the treatment of
external genital and perianal warts such as Graceway Pharmaceuticals (Aldara ), Watson Pharma (Condylox ) and MediGene
(Veregen ). Alferon N Injection  also competes with surgical, chemical, and other methods of treating genital warts. We
cannot assess the impact products developed by our competitors, or advances in other methods of the treatment of genital warts,
will have on the commercial viability of Alferon N Injection . If and when we obtain additional approvals of uses of this product,
we expect to compete primarily on the basis of product performance. Our competitors have developed or may develop products (containing
either alpha or beta interferon or other therapeutic compounds) or other treatment modalities for those uses. There can be no assurance
that, if we are able to obtain regulatory approval of Alferon N Injection  for the treatment of new indications, we will be
able to achieve any significant penetration into those markets. In addition, because certain competitive products are not dependent
on a source of human blood cells, such products may be able to be produced in greater volume and at a lower cost than Alferon N
Injection . Currently, our wholesale price on a per unit basis of Alferon N Injection  is higher than that of the competitive
recombinant alpha and beta interferon products. Please see risk factor  We may not be profitable unless we can protect our
patents and/or receive approval for additional pending patents  above for additional information. 

General. Other companies
may succeed in developing products earlier than we do, obtaining approvals for such products from the FDA more rapidly than we
do, or developing products that are more effective than those we may develop. While we will attempt to expand our technological
capabilities in order to remain competitive, there can be no assurance that research and development by others or other medical
advances will not render our technology or products obsolete or non-competitive or result in treatments or cures superior to any
therapy we develop. 

Possible side effects from the use of
Ampligen  or Alferon N Injection  could adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of our
product.   

Ampligen . We believe
that Ampligen  has been generally well tolerated with a low incidence of clinical toxicity, particularly given the severely
debilitating or life threatening diseases that have been treated. A mild flushing reaction has been observed in approximately 15-20%
of patients treated in our various studies. This reaction is occasionally accompanied by a rapid heartbeat, a tightness of the
chest, urticaria (swelling of the skin), anxiety, shortness of breath, subjective reports of  feeling hot , sweating
and nausea. The reaction is usually infusion-rate related and can generally be controlled by reducing the rate of infusion. Other
adverse side effects include liver enzyme level elevations, diarrhea, itching, asthma, low blood pressure, photophobia, rash, visual
disturbances, slow or irregular heart rate, decreases in platelets and white blood cell counts, anemia, dizziness, confusion, elevation
of kidney function tests, occasional temporary hair loss and various flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills, fatigue, muscular
aches, joint pains, headaches, nausea and vomiting. These flu-like side effects typically subside within several months. 

The FDA in its February
1, 2013 CRL, set forth the reasons for not approving Ampligen  at this time and provided recommendations to address certain
of the outstanding issues. The Agency stated that the submitted data do not provide substantial evidence of efficacy of Ampligen 
for the treatment of CFS and that the data do not provide sufficient information to determine whether the product is safe for use
in CFS due to the limited size of the safety database and multiple discrepancies within the submitted data. 

If approved, one or more
of the potential side effects of the drug might deter usage of Ampligen  in certain clinical situations and therefore, could
adversely affect potential revenues and physician/patient acceptability of our product. 

Alferon N Injection .
At present, Alferon N Injection  is approved for the intralesional (within the lesion) treatment of refractory or recurring
external genital warts in adults. In clinical trials conducted for the treatment of genital warts with Alferon N Injection ,
patients did not experience serious side effects; however, there can be no assurance that unexpected or unacceptable side effects
will not be found in the future for this use or other potential uses of Alferon N Injection  which could threaten or limit
such product's usefulness. 

We may be subject to product liability
claims from the use of Ampligen , Alferon N Injection , or other of our products which could negatively affect our future
operations. We have limited product liability and clinical trial insurance.   

We maintain a limited amount
of Products Liability and Clinical Trial insurance coverage world-wide for Ampligen  and Alferon  due to the minimal amount
of historical loss claims regarding these products in the marketplace. Any claims against our products, Ampligen , Alferon
N Injection  and Alferon  LDO, could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

We face an inherent business
risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of Ampligen , Alferon N Injection  or other of our
products results in adverse effects. This liability might result from claims made directly by patients, hospitals, clinics or other
consumers, or by pharmaceutical companies or others manufacturing these products on our behalf. Our future operations may be negatively
affected from the litigation costs, settlement expenses and lost product sales inherent to these claims. While we will continue
to attempt to take appropriate precautions, we cannot assure that we will avoid significant product liability exposure. 

With our recent development
on the collaborative agreement with myTomorrows to provide access to our natural alpha interferon for patients that have become
intolerant to treatment with recombinant interferon or where such treatment fails in South America and Europe, we have initiated
the process of enhancing our insurance coverage for any potential sales that may arise from this arrangement. 

The loss of services of key personnel
could hurt our chances for success.   

Our success is dependent
on the continued efforts of our staff, especially certain doctors and researchers. The loss of the services of personnel key to
our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and chances for success. The loss of key personnel or the
failure to recruit additional personnel as needed could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to achieve our objectives.
Mr. Equels is a key employee with reference to operational and financial management. 

Uncertainty of health care reimbursement
for our products.   

Our ability to successfully
commercialize our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which reimbursement for the cost of such products and related
treatment will be available from government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other organizations.
Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care products, and from time to time legislation
is proposed, which, if adopted, could further restrict the prices charged by and/or amounts reimbursable to manufacturers of pharmaceutical
products. We cannot predict what, if any, legislation will ultimately be adopted or the impact of such legislation on us. There
can be no assurance that third party insurance companies will allow us to charge and receive payments for products sufficient to
realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 

There are risks of liabilities associated
with handling and disposing of hazardous materials.   

Our business involves the
controlled use of hazardous materials, carcinogenic chemicals, flammable solvents and various radioactive compounds. Although we
believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials comply in all material respects with the standards
prescribed by applicable regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely
eliminated. In the event of such an accident or the failure to comply with applicable regulations, we could be held liable for
any damages that result, and any such liability could be significant. We do not maintain insurance coverage against such liabilities. 

We rely upon information technology and
any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cyber security incidents, could harm
our ability to operate our business effectively.   

Despite the implementation
of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract are vulnerable to damage
from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical
failures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions in our operations, and could result in a material
disruption of our business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss
of clinical trial data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover
or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data
or applications, or inappropriate public disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our
product development and commercialization efforts could be delayed. 

Risks Associated with an Investment in Our
Common Stock:  

The market price of our stock may be
adversely affected by market volatility.   

The market price of our
common stock has been and is likely to be volatile. This is especially true given the current significant instability in the financial
markets. In addition to general economic, political and market conditions, the price and trading volume of our stock could fluctuate
widely in response to many factors, including: 

announcements of the results of clinical trials by us or our competitors;   

announcements of availability or projections of our products for commercial sale;   

announcements of legal actions against us and/or settlements or verdicts adverse to us;   

adverse reactions to products;   

governmental approvals, delays in expected governmental approvals or withdrawals of any prior governmental approvals or public
or regulatory agency comments regarding the safety or effectiveness of our products, or the adequacy of the procedures, facilities
or controls employed in the manufacture of our products;   

changes in U.S. or foreign regulatory policy during the period of product development;   

developments in patent or other proprietary rights, including any third party challenges of our intellectual property rights;   

announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;   

announcements of new products or new contracts by us or our competitors;   

actual or anticipated variations in our operating results due to the level of development expenses and other factors;   

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and whether our earnings meet or exceed the estimates;   

conditions and trends in the pharmaceutical and other industries;   

new accounting standards;   

overall investment market fluctuation;   

restatement of prior financial results;   

notice of NYSE MKT non-compliance with requirements; and   

occurrence of any of the risks described in these  Risk Factors .   

Our common stock is listed
for quotation on the NYSE MKT. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the trading price of our common stock has ranged from
$2.64 to $0.84 per share. We expect the price of our common stock to remain volatile. The average daily trading volume of our common
stock varies significantly. 

Our stock price may be adversely affected
if a significant amount of shares is sold in the public market.   

We may issue shares to
be used to meet our capital requirements or use shares to compensate employees, consultants and/or Directors. In this regard, we
have registered securities for public sale pursuant to a universal shelf registration statement and we had been selling shares
under this shelf registration statement and the EDA with Maxim.  Effective
December 15, 2015, we halted all future offers and sales of our Common Stock under the EDA with Maxim and reduced the amount of
potential future offers and sales under the EDA to $0.00. Between July 23, 2012, the date of the EDA, and December 15, 2015, we
sold an aggregate of 8,881,788 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the EDA for aggregate gross proceeds of $47,453,220.  On
December 15, 2015, we filed a  prospectus supplement related to the issuance
and sale of up to $7,941,000 of our common stock from time to time through our sales agent, Chardan Capital Markets, LLC .
Effective August 26, 2016, the Company halted all future offers and sales of its common stock under the Chardan Agreement and reduced
the amount of potential future offers and sales under the Chardan Agreement to $0.00. Between December 15, 2015, the date of the
Chardan Agreement, and August 26, 2016, we sold an aggregate of 114,394 shares of common stock pursuant to the Chardan Agreement
for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $180,000.  On September 6,
2016, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with certain investors for the sale
by us of 3,333,334 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share. Concurrently with the sale of the common
stock, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we also sold warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock for aggregate net
proceeds of $4,520,000. We also issued placement agent warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 166,667 shares of our common
stock.  Please see Part I, Item II - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations;
Liquidity and Capital Resources  above for more information. 

We are unable to estimate
the amount, timing or nature of future sales of outstanding common stock or instruments convertible into or exercisable for our
common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including additional sale of securities pursuant
to the EDA with Chardan or otherwise under the universal shelf registration statement or upon exercise of outstanding options and
warrants, could cause the market price for our common stock to decrease. Furthermore, a decline in the price of our common stock
would likely impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of common stock or other equity securities. 

Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation
and Delaware law could defer a change of our Management which could discourage or delay offers to acquire us.   

Provisions of our Certificate
of Incorporation and Delaware law may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of us or for our stockholders to remove
existing management, and might discourage a third party from offering to acquire us, even if a change in control or in Management
would be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation allows us to issue shares of preferred stock
without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative
rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further
stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would
grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are
distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the
redemption of our common stock. In this regard, on November 2, 2012, we amended and restated our Stockholder Rights Plan ( Rights
Plan ) and, under the Rights Plan, our Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding
share of Common Stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2002. Each Right initially entitles holders
to buy one-hundredth unit of preferred stock for $30.00 and may be redeemed prior to November 19, 2017, the expiration date, at
$0.001 per Right under certain circumstances. The Rights generally are not transferable apart from the common stock and will not
be exercisable unless and until a person or group acquires or commences a tender or exchange offer to acquire, beneficial ownership
of 15% or more of our common stock. 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements   

Because the risk factors
referred to above could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements
made by us, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Our research in clinical efforts may continue for
the next several years and we may continue to incur losses due to clinical costs incurred in the development of Ampligen  for
commercial application. Possible losses may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of differences in the timing of significant
expenses incurred and receipt of licensing fees and/or cost recovery treatment revenue. 

ITEM 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Aside from the sale of
the Warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our Common Stock and the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 166,667
shares of our Common Stock in the transactions pursuant to the September 6, 2016, Securities Purchase Agreement with certain investors,
we did not have any unregistered sales nor repurchase any of our securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Please
see Part I, Item II - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations; Liquidity and
Capital Resources  above for more information. 

ITEM 3: Defaults upon Senior Securities  

None. 

ITEM 4: Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5: Other Information  

None. 

ITEM 6: Exhibits   

(a)      Exhibits 

1.1 
       
      Engagement Letter, dated as of August 26, 2016 by and between Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. and Rodman   Renshaw, a unit of H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC. (1)   

4.1 
       
      Form of Investor Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued on September 6, 2016. (1)   

10.1 
       
      Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 30, 2016 with the Company and certain investors. (1)   

31.1 
       
     Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.  

31.2 
       
     Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.  

32.1 
       
     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 from the Company's Chief Executive Officer.  

32.2 
       
     Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 from the Company's Chief Financial Officer.  

101 
       
     The following materials from Hemispherx  Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i)
    Condensed Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iii) Changes in Stockholders'
    Equity; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(1) 
      Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-13441) filed September 1, 2016 and is hereby incorporated by reference.   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.  

/s/ Thomas K. Equels  

Thomas K. Equels, Esq.  

Chief Executive Officer   President  

/s/ Adam Pascale  

Adam Pascale  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104631_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas K. Equels certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Thomas K. Equels  

Thomas K. Equels, Esq.  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104631_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Adam Pascale, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Adam Pascale  

Adam Pascale  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104631_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas K. Equels, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Thomas K. Equels  

Thomas K. Equels, Esq.  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104631_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Adam Pascale, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Adam Pascale  

Adam Pascale  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 heb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 heb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 heb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 heb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 heb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 heb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

