<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1263364_0001213900-16-018368_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3432143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101562</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>219966</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>845042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1359435</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>829226</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>60</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018368.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114121852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018368
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Joway Health Industries Group Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001263364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [9995]
		IRS NUMBER:				980221494
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-108715
		FILM NUMBER:		161992682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 19 BAOWANG ROAD
		STREET 2:		BAODI ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			TIANJIN, PRC
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			300180
		BUSINESS PHONE:		862258896888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 19 BAOWANG ROAD
		STREET 2:		BAODI ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			TIANJIN, PRC
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			300180

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	G2 VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018368.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_jowayhealth.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
D.C. 20549    

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT   

For
the transition period from              to             

Commission
File No. 333-108715   

Joway
Health Industries Group Inc.        

   (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

(Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes     No  

The number of shares outstanding of the
Issuer s Common Stock as of November 13, 2016 was 20,054,000 shares. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      1   

Item
    1. Financial Statements  
      1   

Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      20   

Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      30   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures  
      30   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION  
      31   

Item
    1. Legal Proceedings  
      31   

Item
    1A. Risk Factors  
      31   

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      31   

Item
    3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      31   

Item 4.
    Mine Safety Disclosures  
      32   

Item
    5. Other Information  
      32   

Item
    6. Exhibits  
      32   

SIGNATURES  
      33   

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.
Financial Statements.   

In
the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q reflect
all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations
for the periods presented. The results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the full year.  

INDEX
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (UNAUDITED)   

JOWAY
HEALTH INDUSTRIES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  

JOWAY
HEALTH INDUSTRIES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  

JOWAY
HEALTH INDUSTRIES GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  

JOWAY
HEALTH INDUSTRIES GROUP INC.    

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE
1   ORGANIZATION    

The
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Joway Health Industries Group Inc. (referred
to herein as  Joway Health ), its subsidiaries, and variable interest entities ( VIEs ) where Joway Health
is deemed the primary beneficiary. Joway Health, its subsidiaries and VIEs are collectively referred to herein as the  Company ,
 we  and  us .  

Joway
Health (formerly G2 Ventures, Inc.) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas on March 21, 2003. On September
21, 2010, Joway Health entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Share Exchange ) with the sole stockholder of
Dynamic Elite International Limited. As a result of the Share Exchange, Dynamic Elite became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Joway
Health and the stockholders of Dynamic Elite acquired approximately 76.08% of the issued and outstanding stock of Joway Health.
The share exchange transaction resulted in the shareholders of Dynamic Elite acquiring a majority voting interest in Joway Health.
Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America require that the company whose shareholders retain the
majority interest in the combined business be treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes. The reverse acquisition process
utilizes the capital structure of Joway Health and the assets and liabilities of Dynamic Elite recorded at historical cost. On
December 22, 2010, Joway Health changed its jurisdiction of incorporation from the State of Texas to the State of Nevada.  

Dynamic
Elite International Limited (referred to herein as  Dynamic Elite ) was incorporated under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands on June 2, 2010 as a limited liability company (a BVI company). Dynamic Elite engages in manufacturing and distributing
tourmaline products in China. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Tianjin Junhe Management Consulting Co., Ltd. was incorporated on September
15, 2010 in Tianjin, People s Republic of China ( PRC ). Other than the equity interest in Junhe Consulting,
Dynamic Elite does not own any assets or conduct any operations.  

Tianjin
Junhe Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (referred to herein as  Junhe Consulting ) conducts its business through Tianjin
Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd. that is consolidated as a variable interest entity.  

Tianjin
Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd. (referred to herein as  Joway Shengshi ) was incorporated in PRC on May 17, 2007. Joway
Shengshi is currently owned 99% by Jinghe Zhang, the Company s current CEO and President and 1% by Song Baogang. Joway Shengshi
engages in manufacturing and distributing tourmaline products in China. Shenyang Joway Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., Tianjin
Joway Decoration Engineering Co., Ltd. and Tianjin Oriental Shengtang Trading Import   Export Trading Co., Ltd are subsidiaries
of Joway Shengshi.  

Shenyang
Joway Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. (referred to herein as  Joway Technology ) was originally named Liaoning Joway
Technology Engineering Co., Ltd. which was incorporated on March 28, 2007 in PRC. The name was changed on June 22, 2011. It engages
in the distribution of Tourmaline Activated Water Machines and Tourmaline Wellness Houses. Prior to July 25, 2010, Joway Shengshi
owned 90.91% of Joway Technology. Joway Shengshi entered into a share acquisition agreement with Jingyun Chen, another stockholder
of Joway Technology on July 25, 2010 to acquire the remaining 9.09% of the share of Joway Technology. As a result of the share
acquisition, Joway Technology became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Joway Shengshi.  

Tianjin
Joway Decoration Engineering Co., Ltd. (referred to herein as  Joway Decoration ) was incorporated on April 22, 2009
in PRC. It engages in the distribution of Tourmaline Activated Water Machines, Tourmaline Wellness House for family use and Tourmaline
Wellness House materials. Prior to July 9, 2010, Joway Shengshi owned 90% of Joway Decoration. Joway Shengshi entered into a share
acquisition agreement with Jingyun Chen, another stockholder of Joway Decoration on July 9, 2010 to acquire the remaining 10%
of the shares of Joway Decoration. As a result of the share acquisition, Joway Decoration became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Joway Shengshi. Jingyun Chen is currently the General Manager of Joway Decoration.  

Tianjin
Oriental Shengtang Import   Export Trading Co., Ltd (referred to herein as  Shengtang Trading ) was incorporated
on September 18, 2009 in the PRC. It engages in purchasing raw materials which it sells to other companies of the group. Prior
to July 28, 2010, Joway Shengshi owned 95% of Shengtang Trading. Joway Shengshi entered into a share acquisition agreement with
Wang Aiying, another stockholder of Shengtang Trading on July 28, 2010 to acquire the remaining 5% of the shares of Shengtang
Trading. As a result of the share acquisition, Shengtang Trading became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Joway Shengshi.  

The
following table lists the Company and its subsidiaries:  

Name   
         
       Domicile
    and Date of Incorporation   
         
       Paid
    in Capital   
         
       Percentage
    of Effective Ownership   
         
       Principal
    Activities    
 
      Joway
    Health Industries Group Inc.  
         
       March
        21, 2003,  
          Nevada   
         
      USD
    20,054  
         
       86.8%
        owned by Crystal Globe Limited  
          13.2%owned
        by other institutional and individual investors   
         
       Investment  
          Holding    
 
      Dynamic
    Elite International Limited  
         
       June
2, 2010,  
          British
        Virgin Islands   
         
      USD
    10,000  
         
      100%
    owned by Joway Health Industries Group Inc.  
         
       Investment  
          Holding    
 
      Tianjin
    Junhe Management Consulting Co., Ltd.  
         
      September
    15, 2010, PRC  
         
      USD
    20,000  
         
      100%
    owned by Dynamic Elite International Limited  
         
      Advisory   
 
      Tianjin
    Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd.  
         
      May
    17, 2007, PRC  
         
      USD
    7,216,140.72  
         
      99%
    owned by Jinghe Zhang, and 1% owned by Baogang Song  
         
       Production
        and  
          distribution
        of Healthcare Knit Goods and Daily Healthcare and Personal Care products    
 
      Shenyang
    Joway Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.  
         
      March
    28, 2007, PRC  
         
      USD
    142,072.97  
         
      100%
    owned by Tianjin Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd  
         
      Distribution
    of Tourmaline Activated Water Machine and construction of Tourmaline Wellness House   
 
      Tianjin
    Joway Decoration Engineering Co., Ltd.  
         
      April
    22, 2009, PRC  
         
      USD
    292,367.74  
         
      100%
    owned by Tianjin Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd  
         
      Distribution
    of Wellness House for family use and Activated Water Machine and construction of Tourmaline Wellness House   
 
      Tianjin
    Oriental Shengtang Import   Export Trading Co., Ltd.  
         
      September
    18, 2009, PRC  
         
      USD
    292,463.75  
         
      100%
    owned by Tianjin Joway Shengshi Group Co., Ltd  
         
      Distribution
    of tourmaline products   

On
September 16, 2010, prior to the share exchange, Junhe Consulting entered into a series of contractual agreements (the  Contractual
Agreements ) with Joway Shengshi and Joway Shengshi s owners. The following is a brief description of the Contractual
Agreements entered into between Junhe Consulting and Joway Shengshi or Joway Shengshi s owners:  

1.
 Consulting Services Agreement.  Pursuant to the consulting services agreement between Junhe Consulting and Joway Shengshi,
Junhe Consulting has the right to advise, consult, manage and operate Joway Shengshi, and collect and own all of the net profits
of the Operating Entities.  

2.
 Operating Agreement.  Under the operating agreement between Junhe Consulting and Joway Shengshi, Junhe Consulting has the
right to recommend director candidates and appoint the senior executives of Joway Shengshi, approve any transactions that may
materially affect the assets, liabilities, rights or operations of Joway Shengshi, and guarantee the contractual performance by
Joway Shengshi of any agreements with third parties, in exchange for a pledge by Joway Shengshi of its accounts receivable and
assets.  

3.
 Voting Rights Proxy Agreement.  Under the voting rights proxy agreement between Joway Shengshi s owners and Junhe
Consulting, the owners of Joway Shengshi have vested their collective voting control over Joway Shengshi to Junhe Consulting and
will only transfer their respective equity interests in Joway Shengshi to Junhe Consulting or its designee.  

4.
 Option Agreement.  Under the option agreement between Joway Shengshi s owners and Junhe Consulting, the owners of
Joway Shengshi have granted Junhe Consulting the irrevocable right and option to acquire all of their equity interests in Joway
Shengshi.  

5.
 Equity Pledge Agreement.  Under the equity pledge agreement between Joway Shengshi s owners and Junhe Consulting,
the owners of Joway Shengshi have pledged all of their rights, titles and interests in Joway Shengshi to Junhe Consulting to guarantee
Joway Shengshi s performance of its obligations under the Consulting Services Agreement.  

As
a result of the Contractual Agreements, Joway Shengshi is effectively a variable interest entity of Junhe Consulting. Accordingly,
the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary Junhe Consulting, consolidates Joway Shengshi s results of operation, assets
and liabilities in its financial statements.  

In connection with the Share Exchange and as
consideration for entering into the VIE Agreements, Jingshe Zhang and Baogang Song, the shareholders of Joway Shengshi (the  Grantees ),
entered into a Call Option Agreement, dated July 20,2010 with Lionel Evan Liu (the  Grantor ), the sole shareholder
of Crystal Globe Limited (the controlling shareholder of Dynamic Elite), a British Virgin Islands company ( CGL ) (the
 Call Option Agreement ), pursuant to which the Grantees had the right to purchase up to 100% of the shares of CGL
(the  Call Option ) at an exercise price of $2.00 per share (the  Exercise Price ) for a period of five
years. The Call Option vested as to 34% of the shares of CGL on April 2, 2011 and as to 33% on each of April 2, 2012 and 2013(the
respective  Call Option Effective Date ). On March 28, 2015, the Grantor and Grantees amended the Call Option Agreement,
to (i) reduce the Exercise Price to $0.00 per share and (ii) extend the Grantees  rights to exercise their call option within
ten years from the respective Option Effective Date. 

On November 13, 2016, Jinghe Zhang exercised
his Call Option as to 99% of the shares of CGL and Baogang Song exercised his Call Option as to 1% of the shares of CGL. As a result
of exercising his Call Option, Jinghe Zhang became the controlling shareholder of CGL and in turn, the controlling shareholder
of the Company. Jinghe Zhang now controls 17,233,920 shares, or 85.9%, of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock. 

NOTE
2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
and the footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. The Company s
functional currency is the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ); however, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars ( USD ). All significant inter-company transactions
and balances have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include all adjustments that, in the opinion of management,
are necessary to make the financial statements not misleading.  

Operating
results for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be
read in conjunction with the Company s form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed on March 30,
2016.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management
makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.  

Basis
of Consolidation   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries and controlled VIEs. All
significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation.  

Pursuant
to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810  Consolidation  ( ASC 810 ), the Company is required to
include in its consolidated financial statements the financial statements of its variable interest entities ( VIEs ).
ASC 810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a majority of the risk of loss for the VIE
or is entitled to receive a majority of the VIE s residual returns. VIEs are those entities in which a company, through
contractual arrangements, bears the risk of, and enjoys the rewards normally associated with ownership of the entity, and therefore
the company is the primary beneficiary of the entity.  

Based
on the various Contractual Agreements, the Company is able to exercise control over the VIEs, and to obtain the full economic
benefits. The terms of the exclusive option agreement are currently exercisable and legally enforceable under PRC laws and regulations.
The minimum amount of consideration permitted by the applicable PRC law to exercise the option does not represent a financial
barrier or disincentive for the Company to exercise its rights under the exclusive option agreement. A simple majority vote of
the Company s board of directors is required to pass a resolution to exercise its rights under the exclusive option agreement,
for which consent of the shareholder of VIEs is not required. Therefore, this gives the Company the power to direct the activities
that most significantly impact VIEs  economic performance. The Company s ability to exercise effective control, together
with the consulting service agreements and the equity pledge agreements, give the Company the rights to receive substantially
all of the economic benefits from VIEs in consideration for the services provided by its wholly owned subsidiaries in China. Accordingly,
as the primary beneficiary of VIEs and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, Joway Shengshi, Joway Technology, Joway Decoration, and Shengtang
Trading, as VIEs of Junhe Consulting, has been consolidated in the Company s financial statements. Sales from Joway Shengshi,
Joway Technology, Joway Decoration, and Shengtang Trading are included in the Company s total sales, their incomes or losses
from operations are consolidated with the Company s, and the Company s net income or loss includes net income or loss
from Joway Shengshi, Joway Technology, Joway Decoration, and Shengtang Trading.  

Foreign
Currency Translation   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in USD. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The consolidated
financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at period-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities
and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Equity accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when
the equity transactions occurred. The resulting transaction adjustments are recorded as a component of stockholders  equity.
Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in net income.  

The
RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.
No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into USD at the rates used in translation.  

Foreign
currency translation adjustments have been reported as comprehensive loss in the consolidated financial statements and totaled
$25,644 and $309,078 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $173,906 and $228,781 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Other
Comprehensive Income   

Other
comprehensive income is defined as the change in equity during the period from transactions and other events, excluding the changes
resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, and is not included in the computation of income tax expense
or benefit. Accumulated other comprehensive income represents the accumulated balance of foreign currency translation adjustments.  

Concentrations
of Credit Risk   

The
Company's operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations
may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC's economy.
The Company's operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
companies in North America. The Company's results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to
laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation,
among other things. Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
of cash. Substantially all of the Company s cash is maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC, and no deposits are
covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks
on its cash in bank accounts.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820 establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level 1 defined as observable inputs such as quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level 2 defined as inputs other than quoted prices
in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and   

Level 3 defined as unobservable inputs in which
little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.   

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, accounts payable, other payable,
and amounts due from related parties generally approximate their fair market values based on the short-term maturity of these
instruments. ASC 825-10  Financial Instruments  allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial
assets and liabilities at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument
basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized
gains and losses for that instrument should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect
to apply the fair value option to any outstanding instruments.  

Cash   

For
financial reporting purposes, the Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments with an original maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents at any point during the period of the financial statements
presented. Balances at financial institutions or state-owned banks within the PRC are not covered by insurance. The Company has
not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant risks on its cash in bank accounts.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses. On a periodic basis, the Company reviews the composition of the accounts receivable and analyzes historical
bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns
to evaluate the adequacy of these allowances. Accounts are written off after exhaustive efforts at collection. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, based on a review of its outstanding balances, the Company allowance for doubtful accounts had
a zero balance, respectively.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost, as determined by the specific identification method on contract level (for each individual contract,
inventories cost flow are determined by weighted-average method), or the net realizable value, which is determined on selling
prices less any further costs expected to be incurred for completion and disposal. The Company regularly evaluates the composition
of its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine whether a valuation allowance is required. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded $124,207 and $127,587 for inventory valuation allowance, respectively.  

Advances
to Suppliers   

Advances
to suppliers represent the cash paid in advance for inventory items or construction in progress. The advance payments are meant
to ensure preferential pricing and delivery. The amounts advanced under such arrangements totaled $106,288 and $90,542 as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Property,
Plant, and Equipment   

Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, and include expenditures that substantially increase the
useful lives of existing assets.  

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives are as follows:  

Building  
         
      20
    years  

Operating
    Equipment  
         
      10
    years  

Office
    furniture and equipment  
         
      3
    or 5 years  

Vehicles  
         
      10
    years  

The
cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts, and any gain or
loss is included in the consolidated statements of operations. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to
expenses as incurred. Significant renewals and betterment to buildings and equipment are capitalized. Leasehold improvements are
depreciated over the lesser of the useful life or the life of the lease.  

Intangible
Assets   

Intangible
assets mainly consist of land use rights. All land located in the PRC is owned by the government and cannot be sold to any individual
or company. The land use rights granted to the Company are being amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term
of 50 years. Other intangible assets are software programs that are amortized over their estimated useful life of 10 years.  

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets   

Long-lived
assets of the Company are reviewed annually as to whether their carrying value has become impaired, pursuant to the guidelines
established in FASB ASC 360. The Company considers assets to be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the future projected cash
flows from the related operations. The Company also re-evaluates the periods of depreciation and amortization to determine whether
subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. The Company did not record any impairment loss
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
the purchase price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

With
respect to sales of product to both franchisee and non-franchisee customers, the Company prepares product shipments upon the receipt
of a customer s purchase order. Sales prices are based on fixed price lists that are different depending on whether the
price list is for a franchisee customer or for non-franchisee customers. The Company recognizes revenue when the product is shipped.
The Company does not sell product to any customers with a right of return as defined in ASC 605-15-25-4. Sales are presented net
of value added tax (VAT).  

For
Tourmaline Wellness House sales, the Company recognizes revenue under the completed contract method. Customers contact the Company
with requests to construct a Wellness House. The Company and the customer enter into a contract, at which time the customer pays
a deposit of at least one-half of the sales price. A contract is considered completed when all significant costs have been incurred
and the project has been accepted by the customer. The contracts have a place for the customer to sign indicating their acceptance
of the completed Wellness House. At this time the customer will also pay any remaining balance on the contract. The Company recognizes
the full contract revenue at this point. Contract costs consist primarily of materials and labor costs. The construction period
of a Wellness House generally does not exceed five days.  

Shipping
Costs   

Shipping
costs are included in selling expenses and totaled $41,060 and $17,704 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $125,915 and $63,611 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company is governed by the Income Tax Law and associated legislations of the PRC. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with FASB ASC 740  Income Taxes , which is an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's financial
statements or tax returns. ASC 740 additionally requires the establishment of a valuation allowance to reflect the likelihood
of realization of deferred tax assets. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, of which
the timing and amount are uncertain.  

According
to ASC 740, the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than
not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based
on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold
to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount
of benefit that is greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed
to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold
is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized in the
first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures, and transition.  

Basic
and Diluted Earnings per Share   

The
Company reports earnings per share in accordance with FASB ASC 260  Earnings per share . The Company s basic
earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the periods presented. Diluted earnings
per share are computed based on the assumption that any dilutive options or warrants were converted or exercised. Dilution is
computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, the Company s outstanding stock warrants are assumed
to be exercised, and funds thus obtained were assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the
period. There were no dilutive instruments outstanding during the nine months periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Segment
Information   

The
Company follows FASB ASC 280-Segment Reporting, which requires that companies disclose segment data based on how management makes
decision about allocating resources to segments and evaluating their performance.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, management has determined that the Company is operating
in three reportable business segments, (1) Healthcare Knit Goods Series, (2) Daily Healthcare and Personal Care Series, and (3)
Wellness House and Activated Water Machine Series. The Company's reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different
products. They are managed separately based on the fundamental differences in their operations.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The standard requires several targeted changes including that equity investments
(except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new guidance also changes certain disclosure requirements
and other aspects of current US GAAP. Amendments are to be applied as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of
the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. This standard is effective for fiscal years starting after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The standard does not permit early adoption with the exception of certain targeted
provisions. The Company is currently assessing the impact and timing of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued a new standard related to leases to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by requiring the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. Most prominent among the amendments is
the recognition of assets and liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP.
Under the new standard, disclosures are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the
amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. We anticipate this standard will have a material impact on
our consolidated balance sheets, and we are currently evaluating its impact.  

In
March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued a new standard that changes the accounting for
certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. The new guidance requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be
recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition, cash flows related to excess tax benefits will
no longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also allows us
to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting, clarifies
that all cash payments made on an employee s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity on our
cash flows statement, and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company is currently
assessing the impact and timing of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016- 10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing . The amendments add further guidance on identifying performance obligations and also to improve the operability
and understandability of the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance
in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods therein. Early application for public entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process
of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-11,  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission
of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016
EITF Meeting , The amendments rescinds SEC paragraphs pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging
Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically, registrants should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon
adoption of Topic 606: 1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for Freight Services in Process, which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2;
2) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs, which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; 3) Accounting for Consideration
Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller of the Vendor's Products), which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1; 4)
Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements (i.e., use of the  entitlements method ), which is codified in paragraph 932-10-S99-5,
which is effective upon adoption of ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
Practical Expedients . The amendments, among other things: (1) clarify the objective of the collectability criterion for
applying paragraph 606-10-25-7; (2) permit an entity to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar)
taxes from the transaction price; (3) specify that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception; (4) provide
a practical expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning
of the earliest period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations, determining the transaction
price, and allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations; (5) clarify that a completed
contract for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the revenue was recognized under legacy
GAAP before the date of initial application, and (6) clarify that an entity that retrospectively applies the guidance in Topic
606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the accounting change for the period of adoption.
The effective date of these amendments is at the same date that Topic 606 is effective. The Company is currently in the process
of evaluating the impact of the adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology
that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to
inform credit loss estimates. For trade and other receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, we will be required to
use a forward-looking expected loss model rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses which reflects losses
that are probable. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will also be recorded through an allowance for
credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities. The new standard will be effective for
us beginning July 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted beginning July 1, 2019. Application of the amendments is through
a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard
on our consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE
3   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   

Accounts
receivable consisted of the following:  

As
of the periods presented, the Company has no allowance for bad debts, because the management, based on their analysis, considers
all the accounts receivable to be collectible.  

NOTE
4   INVENTORIES    

Inventories
consisted of the following:  

Low
value consumables represent low priced and easily worn articles and are amortized on equal-split amortization method. Pursuant
to this method, half value of the low value consumable should be amortized once used and the remaining half value should be amortized
when disposed of.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recognized $124,207 and $127,587, respectively, as a reserve for impairment
loss from inventory.  

NOTE
5    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   

Property,
plant and equipment consisted of the following:  

Depreciation
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $128,343 and $6,293, respectively, and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $355,083 and $283,868, respectively.  

NOTE
6    INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

Intangible
assets consisted of the following:  

Amortization
expense of intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $17,132 and $13,574, respectively. 

The
estimated amortization expense for the next five years is as follows:  

NOTE
7    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Payables
due to related parties consist of the following:  

Transactions
with Shenyang Joway   

Shenyang
Joway Industrial Development Co., Ltd. ( Shenyang Joway ) was formed in 2005 in Shenyang, China by Mr. Jinghe Zhang
and three other individuals. Mr. Zhang holds more than 50% of the equity in Shenyang Joway. Shenyang Joway was in the business
of marketing and distributing clothing and related products to other companies. In 2009, Mr. Zhang decided to shut down the operations
of Shenyang Joway in order to focus his attention on Joway Shengshi s business. Shenyang Joway has ceased operations, although
it still exists as a legal entity, and Joway Shengshi was able to find new suppliers with no material adverse impact to the Company.  

On
                                         May 7, 2007, the Company s subsidiary Joway Shengshi entered into an agreement
                                         with Shenyang Joway pursuant to which Joway Shengshi and Shenyang Joway agreed to provide
                                         each other with interest-free, unsecured advances for working capital. On May 10, 2007,
                                         the Company s subsidiary Joway Technology and Shenyang Joway entered into an agreement
                                         pursuant to which Joway Technology and Shenyang Joway agreed to provide each other with
                                         interest-free, unsecured advances for working capital.     

Shenyang
                                         Joway ceased operations at the end of 2009.    

Transactions
with Jinghe Zhang   

On
                                         December 1, 2009, the Company, through its subsidiary Joway Shengshi, entered into a
                                         royalty-free license agreement with Jinghe Zhang, our President, Chief Executive Officer
                                         and director. Pursuant to the license agreement, we are authorized to use the trademark
                                          Joway  for a term of nine years and five patents from December 1, 2009 till
                                         the expiration dates of the patents.    

On
                                         May 10, 2007, Joway Shengshi entered into a cash advance agreement with Jinghe Zhang,
                                         the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer and director. Pursuant to the
                                         agreement, Jinghe Zhang agreed to advance operating capital to Joway Shengshi. The advances
                                         are interest free, unsecured, and have no specified repayment terms. The agreement is
                                         valid throughout Joway Shengshi s term of operation.     

The
amounts owed to related parties are non-interest bearing and have no specified repayment terms.  

NOTE
8    INCOME TAXES   

The
Company operations in the People s Republic of China are subject to the Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of
China. Pursuant to the PRC Income Tax Laws, the Company is subject to the Enterprise Income Tax ( EIT ) which is generally
a statutory rate of 25% beginning January 2008, on income as reported in its statutory financial statements after appropriate
tax adjustments.  

The
table below summarizes the differences between the PRC statutory federal rate and the Company s effective tax rate:  

NOTE
9   STATUTORY RESERVES   

Pursuant
to the laws and regulations of the PRC, annual income of the Company s subsidiaries is required to be partly allocated to
the statutory reserves funds after the payment of the PRC income taxes. The allocation to the statutory reserves funds should
be at least 10% of income after tax until the reserves reaches 50% of the entities  registered capital or members 
equity. The reserve funds are not transferable to the Company in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. Thus the reserve
funds are not available for distribution except in liquidation. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had allocated $354,052 to
statutory reserves.  

NOTE
10   SEGMENTS   

In
2016 and 2015, the Company operated in three reportable business segments: (1) Healthcare Knit Goods Series, (2) Daily Healthcare
and Personal Care Series and (3) Wellness House and Activated Water Machine Series. The Company's reportable segments are strategic
business units that offer different products. They are managed separately based on the fundamental differences in their operations.
Information with respect to these reportable business segments is as follows:  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015  

NOTE
11 - FRANCHISE REVENUES   

The
Company enters into franchising agreements to develop retail outlets for the Company's products. The agreements provide that franchisees
will sell Company products exclusively at a predetermined retail price. In exchange the Company provides them with geographic
exclusivity, discounted products, training and support. The agreements also require franchisees to adhere to certain standards
of product merchandising, promotion and presentment. The agreements also prohibit franchisees from selling competitor s
products. The agreements do not require any initial franchise fees from the franchisees, nor do they require the franchisees to
pay continuing royalties. The agreements do not require the franchisees to purchase any minimum levels of product, but do require
that they make at least one purchase during each year. The Company does not act to manage the franchisees  levels of product.
Franchisees hold periodic conferences, assisted by the Company s marketing department, to promote product awareness and
the introduction of new products. The franchising agreements are generally for terms of three years and are renewable at the mutual
agreement of both parties. The franchising agreements are cancelable at the Company s discretion if franchisees violate
the terms of the agreements.  

The
following is a breakdown of revenue between franchise and non-franchise customers:  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.   

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30,
2016.   

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS:    

Certain
statements made in this report may constitute  forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about
future events.  These forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may
cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by some words
such as  may,   should,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates, 
 intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates,  and similar expressions. These statements
are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and
we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise,
other than as required by law. In light of these assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, the forward-looking events discussed in
this report might not occur and actual results and events may vary significantly from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.  

Overview

General    

We
develop, manufacture, market, distribute, and sell products, including knit goods, daily healthcare and personal care products,
and wellness house and activated water machine products, that are coated, embedded or filled with tourmaline. Most of our products,
such as clothing, bedding, and mattresses are purchased as finished products which we then coat and/or infuse with liquid or granular
tourmaline using one or more of our manufacturing techniques. We conduct all of our operations in Tianjin City, China and distribute
most of our products to more than 100 franchisees in China. Our franchisees, in turn, sell the products to their customers. All
of our revenues to date have been generated by sales to customers located in the PRC.  

Beginning
in 2009, we began to develop a franchise network to distribute our healthcare knit goods, daily healthcare products and personal
care products. Through these franchisees, we were able to significantly increase sales of our healthcare knit goods segment and
daily healthcare and personal care segment. In 2010, we began distributing our wellness house and activated water machine products
through our franchise network.  

We
are a holding company with no material operations of our own. All of our operations are conducted through Joway Shengshi and its
three subsidiaries, Joway Technology, Joway Decoration and Shengtang Trading. Joway Shengshi engages in the manufacture and distribution
of tourmaline health-related products such as knit goods, and daily healthcare and personal care products. Joway Technology and
Joway Decoration engage in the manufacture and distribution of activated water machines and wellness houses. We utilize our Shengtang
Trading subsidiary to purchase raw materials, which are then sold to Joway Shengshi and Joway Decoration.  

As
a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders depends in part upon dividends
and other distributions paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries. The amount of dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to us primarily
depends on the service fees paid to our PRC subsidiaries from Joway Shengshi and its subsidiaries, and, to a lesser degree, our
PRC subsidiaries  retained earnings. Conducting our operations through contractual arrangements with Joway Shengshi and
its subsidiaries has a risk that we may lose the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance
of Joway Shengshi and its subsidiaries, which may result in our being unable to consolidate their financial results with our results
and may impair our access to their cash flow from operations and thereby reduce our liquidity.  

Description
of Selected Income Statement Items     

Revenues.
 We generate revenue from sales of our Healthcare Knit goods Series, Daily Healthcare and Personal Care Series and Wellness
House and Activated Water Machine Series.  

Cost
of goods sold.  Cost of goods sold consists of costs directly attributable to production, including the cost of raw materials,
salaries for staff engaged in production activity, electricity, depreciation, packing materials, and related expenses.  

Operating
expenses.  Our total operating expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses. Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and traveling expenses of our marketing department employees, transportation
expenses, and advertising expenses. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries of our administrative department
employees, payroll taxes and benefits, general office expenses and depreciation.  

Other
(expense) income.  Our other (expense) income consists primarily of interest income, investment income and bank service fee.  

Income
taxes.  According to the revised Enterprise Income Tax Law effective as of January 1, 2008, the income tax rate of our PRC
subsidiaries is generally 25%. Joway Health Industries Group Inc. was established under the laws of the State of Nevada and is
subject to U.S. federal income tax and Nevada annual reporting requirements.  

Results
of Operations   

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our results of operations.  

Business
Segments   

In
2016 and 2015, we operated in three reportable business segments: (1) Healthcare Knit Goods, (2) Daily Healthcare and Personal
Care Products and (3) Wellness House and Activated Water Machine Products. The following table sets forth the contributions of
each reportable business segment in dollars and as a percent of revenue:  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015  

For
The Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to September 30, 2015   

Revenue.
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, revenue was $894,194 compared to $858,128 for the three months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $36,066 or 4.2%. This increase was mainly due to the increase in revenue from wellness house.  

Revenue
from healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $86,443 or 36.7% to $149,220 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from
$235,663 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in sales of our mattress
products. During the third quarter of 2015, we promoted our mattress products by offering more discounts to our franchisees and
brought out bigger sales.  

Revenue
from daily healthcare and personal care products increased by $11,617 or 5% to $242,402 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 from $230,785 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to the increase in sales of Body Composition
Analyzer, which is a new product launched in August 2016.  

Revenue
from wellness houses and activated water machines increased by $110,892 or 28.3% to $502,572 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from $391,680 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was mainly due to a steadily increase in the
wellness house usages. Since the second quarter of 2014, we strengthened our promotion on wellness houses, which attracted more
and more customers for wellness houses.  

Cost
of Goods Sold.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, cost of goods sold was $375,874 compared to $290,731 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $85,143 or 29.3%. This increase was mainly due to the increase in the cost
of wellness house and activated water machine segment and daily healthcare and personal care segment.  

Cost
of goods sold for healthcare knit goods segment decreased to $37,915 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $55,714
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $17,799 or 31.9%. This decrease was due to the decrease in sales.  

Cost
of goods sold for the daily healthcare and personal care segment increased to $117,278 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 from $73,031 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $44,247 or 60.6%. This increase was due to the
increase in sales.  

Cost
of goods sold for our wellness house and activated water machine segment increased to $220,681 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 from $161,986 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $58,695 or 36.2%. This increase was mainly
due to the increase in the cost of the construction of our wellness house as a result of the increase in sales.  

Gross
profit.  Our gross profit decreased by $49,077 or 8.6% to $518,320 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to $567,397 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in gross profit of healthcare
knit goods segment and daily healthcare and personal care segment. Our gross margin decreased from 66.1% for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 to 58% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was mainly due to the decreased gross
margin in daily healthcare and personal care segment.  

Gross
profit for the healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $68,644 or 38.1% to $111,305 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $179,949 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to decrease in gross profit
from our mattress products, as a result of decrease in sales. The gross margins of healthcare knit goods segment decreased slightly
from 76.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 74.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Gross
profit of daily healthcare and personal care segment decreased by $32,630 or 20.7% to $125,124 for the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $157,754 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to the decreased profit
of tourmaline shawls. The gross margin of daily healthcare and personal care segment decreased from 68.4% for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 to 51.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, which were influenced greatly by price reduction
after more discounts to our franchisees.  

Gross
profit of the wellness house and activated water machine segments increased by $52,197 or 22.7% to $281,891 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $229,694 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was mainly due to
the increase in gross profit from construction of wellness houses. The gross margin of our wellness house and activated water
machine segments decreased from 58.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 56.1% for the three months ended September
30, 2016. This decrease was mainly due to that we offered more discounts to our franchisees for foot sauna bucket and tourmaline
activated water machines.  

Operating
expenses.  Our total operating expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our
total operating expenses increased by $36,789 or 6.1%, from $604,843 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $641,632
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This increase was mainly due to the increase of travel expenses and transportation
expenses. Operating expenses for healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $63,292 or 40% to $95,012 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $158,304 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Operating expenses for daily healthcare and personal
care segment increased by $8,091 or 4.6% to $182,899 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $174,808 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Operating expenses for our wellness house and activated water machine segment increased by $91,990
or 33.9% to $363,721 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $271,731 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Loss
from operations.  As a result of the foregoing, our loss from operations was $123,312 for the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $37,446 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $85,866. The increased loss was mainly
due to the increase in both product cost and operating expenses.  

Income
taxes.  Our income tax expenses were negative $8 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to negative $4,265
for the three months ended. The negative income tax for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 were due to the change of currency
translation rate.  

Net
loss.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our net loss was $123,500 compared to $80,453 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, which was mainly due to increase in both product cost and operating expenses.  

For
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to September 30, 2015   

Revenue.
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, revenue was $2,519,260 compared to $2,410,328 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, an increase of $108,932 or 4.5%. This increase was mainly due to the increase in revenue from wellness house and activated
water machine segment.  

Revenue
from healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $160,876, or 21.3% to $593,718 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
$754,594 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in sales of our mattress products.  

Revenue
from daily healthcare and personal care products increased by $50,172 or 10% to $554,188 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $504,016 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This was primarily due to the increase in sales of Tourmaline
knee Protector and Body Composition Analyzer.  

Revenue
from wellness houses and activated water machines increased by $219,636 or 19.1% to $1,371,354 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $1,151,718 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was mainly due to the increase in construction
of wellness houses.  

Cost
of Goods Sold.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of goods sold was $959,700 compared to $816,202 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $143,498, or 17.6%. This increase was mainly due to the increase in the cost
of wellness house and activated water machine segment and daily healthcare and personal care segment.  

Cost
of goods sold for healthcare knit goods segment decreased to $175,603 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $187,142
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $11,539 or 6.2%. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the
cost of our mattress products, as a result of decrease in sales.  

Cost
of goods sold for the daily healthcare and personal care segment increased to $229,879 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $166,134 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $63,745 or 38.4%. This increase was mainly due
to the increase in sales.  

Cost
of goods sold for our wellness house and activated water machine segment increased to $554,218 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from $462,926 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $91,292 or 19.7%. This increase was mainly
due to the increase in the cost of the construction of our wellness houses.  

Gross
profit.  Our gross profit decreased by $34,566 or 2.2% to $1,559,560 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to $1,594,126 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was due to RMB s depreciation against USD. Excluding
the effect of exchange rate fluctuation, our gross profit increased by RMB 439,947 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared with the same period of 2015. Our gross margin decreased from 66.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 61.9%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was mainly due to healthcare knit goods segment and daily healthcare
and personal care segment.  

Gross
profit for the healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $149,337 or 26.3% to $418,115 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $567,452 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in gross
profit for our mattress products. The gross margins of healthcare knit goods segment decreased from 75.2% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 to 70.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The reduced output of our healthcare knit goods
caused higher cost rate and lower gross profit margin.  

Gross
profit of daily healthcare and personal care segment decreased by $13,573 or 4% to $324,309 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $337,882 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to RMB s depreciation
against USD. In fact our gross profit of daily healthcare and personal care segment increased by RMB 52,151 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period of 2015, excluding the effect of exchange rate fluctuation. Our gross
margin of daily healthcare and personal care segment decreased from 67% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 58.5%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was mainly due to more discounts offered to our franchisees.  

Gross
profit of the wellness house and activated water machine segments increased by $128,344 or 18.6% to $817,136 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $688,792 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was mainly due to the
increase in gross profit from wellness houses. The gross margin of our wellness house and activated water machine segments decreased
slightly from 59.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 59.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Operating
expenses.  Our total operating expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our
total operating expenses increased by $60,454 or 2.9%, from $2,065,956 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $2,126,410
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This increase was mainly due to the increase of conference expenses. Operating expenses
for healthcare knit goods segment decreased by $145,646 or 22.5% to $501,136 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
$646,782 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Operating expenses for daily healthcare and personal care segment increased
by $35,763 or 8.3% to $467,770 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $432,007 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Operating expenses for our wellness house and activated water machine segment increased by $170,337 or 17.3% to $1,157,504
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $987,167 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Loss
from operations.  As a result of the foregoing, our loss from operations was $566,850 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $471,830 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $95,020. This was mainly due to the increase
in operating expenses.  

Income
taxes.  Our income tax expenses were $925 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $13,218 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was due to the decreased income of Joway Decoration.  

Net
loss.  Our net loss was $573,591 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $511,641 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. This increase was mainly due to the increase in loss from operation.  

Franchising   

We
enter into franchise agreements to develop retail outlets for our products. These agreements provide that franchisees will sell
our products exclusively. In exchange, we provide them with geographic exclusivity, discounted products, training, and support.
The agreements also require franchisees to adhere to certain standards of product merchandising, promotion, and presentment. The
agreements do not require the franchisees to purchase any minimum levels of product, but do require that they make at least one
purchase during each year. The agreements are generally for terms of three years and are renewable at the mutual agreement of
both parties. The Agreements are cancelable at our discretion if franchisees violate the terms of the agreements.  

The
following is a breakdown of revenue between franchise and non-franchise customers:  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

Our
cash at December 31, 2015 was $369,249 and increased to $404,798 at September 30, 2016, an increase of $35,549. This increase
was mainly provided by our operating activities. On September 30, 2016, we had net working capital of $841,041, a decrease of
$270,182 from $1,111,223 on December 31, 2015.  

Our
cash flow information summary is as follows:  

Net
Cash Provided by Operating Activities   

Net
cash provided by operating activities was $115,441 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $177,091 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to increased loss of $61,950.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash was mainly used to cover the loss of $573,591, which was primarily offset by an
add-back of $355,083 of depreciation for non-cash expense, the increase in advances from customer of $160,013 and the decrease
in inventory purchase of $151,418.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash was mainly used to cover the loss of $511,641, which was primarily offset by an
add-back of $283,868 of depreciation for non-cash expense, the increase in advances from customer of $188,649, the decrease in
inventory purchase of $69,768 and the increase in accounts payable of $47,900.  

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities   

Net
cash used in investing activities was $46,183 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $165,512 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we expended $46,335 on purchase of office equipment. For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we expended $165,512 on purchase of vehicles and office equipment.  

Net
Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities   

Net
cash used in financing activities was $2,463 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $89,956 provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

On
May 7, 2007, our operating subsidiary, Joway Shengshi entered into an agreement with Shenyang Joway pursuant to which Joway Shengshi
and Shenyang Joway agreed to provide each other with interest-free, unsecured advances for working capital. On May 10, 2007, our
subsidiary, Joway Technology and Shenyang Joway entered into an agreement pursuant to which Joway Technology and Shenyang Joway
agreed to provide each other with interest-free, unsecured advances for working capital. Pursuant to these agreements, Shenyang
Joway advanced an aggregate of $791,701 to Joway Shengshi and Joway Technology through December 31, 2010. We repaid $60 and $3,780
of these advances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the total unpaid
principal balance due Shenyang Joway for advances was $2,184. Shenyang Joway ceased operations at the end of 2009, although it
still exists as a legal entity.  

On
May 10, 2007, our operating subsidiaries, Joway Shengshi entered into a cash advance agreement with Jinghe Zhang, our President,
Chief Executive Officer and director. Pursuant to the agreements, Jinghe Zhang agreed to advance operating capital to Joway Shengshi.
These advances are interest free, unsecured and are repayable upon demand. During the period beginning May 17, 2007 (inception
of Joway Shengshi) through March 31, 2016, Joway Shengshi received cash advances in the aggregate principal amount of $4,736,754
from Jinghe Zhang. We repaid $2,403 of advances for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and received $93,736 of advances
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the total unpaid principal balance due Jinghe Zhang for
advances made to Joway Shengshi was $126,286.  

The
Company has sufficient liquidity from internal and external sources to meet the Company s operating cash needs over the
next 12 months even if Mr. Zhang and Shenyang Joway were to demand immediate repayment of the remaining balance under these loans
and no longer wish to provide future loans to any of our operating units.  

STATUTORY
RESERVES   

Pursuant
to the laws and regulations of the PRC, the Company s PRC subsidiaries are required to allocate a portion of their after-tax
income to statutory reserves funds. The minimum statutory reserves allocation is 10% of after-tax income until the reserves reach
50% of the entities  registered capital or members  equity. The reserve funds are not transferable to the Company
in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. Thus, the reserve funds are not available for distribution except in liquidation.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had allocated $354,052 to statutory reserves.  

Off
Balance Sheet Items   

Under
SEC regulations, we are required to disclose off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, such as changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. An off-balance sheet arrangement means a
transaction, agreement or contractual arrangement to which any entity that is not consolidated with us is a party, under which
we have:  

any
    obligation under certain guarantee contracts,   

any
    retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit,
    liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets,   

any
    obligation under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument, except that it is both indexed to our
    stock and classified in shareholder equity in our statement of financial position, and   

any
    obligation arising out of a material variable interest held by us in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity,
    market risk or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us.   

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary
course of business, we enter into operating lease commitments, purchase commitments and other contractual obligations. These transactions
are recognized in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Management s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our financial statements
reflect the selection and application of accounting policies which require management to make significant estimates and judgments.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the
following reflect the more critical accounting policies that currently affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

Basis
of Consolidation   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include Joway Health and its wholly owned subsidiaries and controlled VIEs. All
significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation.  

Pursuant
to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810  Consolidation  ( ASC 810 ), the Company is required to
include in its consolidated financial statements the financial statements of its variable interest entities ( VIEs ).
ASC 810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a majority of the risk of loss for the VIE
or is entitled to receive a majority of the VIE s residual returns. VIEs are those entities in which a company, through
contractual arrangements, bears the risk of, and enjoys the rewards normally associated with ownership of the entity, and therefore
the company is the primary beneficiary of the entity.  

Based
on the various Contractual Agreements, we believe we are able to exercise control over the VIEs, and to obtain the full economic
benefits. We believe that the terms of the exclusive option agreement are currently exercisable and legally enforceable under
PRC laws and regulations. We also believe that the minimum amount of consideration permitted by the applicable PRC law to exercise
the option does not represent a financial barrier or disincentive for us to exercise our rights under the exclusive option agreement.
A simple majority vote of our board of directors is required to pass a resolution to exercise our rights under the exclusive option
agreement, for which consent of the shareholder of VIEs is not required. Therefore, we believe this gives us the power to direct
the activities that most significantly impact VIEs  economic performance. T We believe that our ability to exercise effective
control, together with the consulting service agreements and the equity pledge agreements, give us the rights to receive substantially
all of the economic benefits from VIEs in consideration for the services provided by its wholly owned subsidiaries in China. Accordingly,
as the primary beneficiary of VIEs and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, Joway Shengshi, Joway Technology, Joway Decoration, and Shengtang
Trading, as VIEs of Junhe Consulting, has been consolidated in the Company s financial statements. Sales from Joway Shengshi,
Joway Technology, Joway Decoration, and Shengtang Trading are included in our total sales, their incomes or losses from operations
are consolidated with ours, and our net income or loss includes net income or loss from Joway Shengshi, Joway Technology, Joway
Decoration, and Shengtang Trading.  

Revenue
Recognition   

We
recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the
purchase price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

With
respect to sales of product to both franchisee and non-franchisee customers, we prepare product shipment upon the receipt of a
customer s purchase order. Sales prices are based on fixed price lists that are different depending on whether the price
list is for franchisee customers or for non-franchisee customers. We recognize revenue when the product is shipped. We do not
sell product to any customers with a right of return as defined in ASC 605-15-25-4. Sales are presented net of value added tax
(VAT).  

We
recognize revenue on the sale of our wellness houses under the completed contract method. At the time when we enter into a contract
with a customer to build a wellness house, the customer pays a deposit of at least one-half of the sales price. We consider the
contract to be completed when all significant costs have been incurred and the customer accepts the project in writing by signing
in the appropriate place on the contract. At this time the customer will also pay any remaining balance on the contract. We recognize
the full contract revenue at this point. Contract costs consist primarily of materials and labor costs. The construction period
of a wellness house generally does not exceed five days.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are carried at net realizable value. We provide reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management
reviews the composition of the accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customers 
credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer s payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these
reserves.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost, as determined by the specific identification method on contract level (for each individual contract,
inventories cost flow is determined by weighted-average method), or the net realizable value, which is determined on selling prices
less any further costs expected to be incurred for completion and disposal. Management regularly evaluates the composition of
its inventories to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine whether a valuation allowance is required.  

Property,
Plant, and Equipment   

Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, and include expenditures that substantially increase the
useful lives of existing assets.  

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives are as follows:  

Building  
         
      20
    years   
 
      Operating
    Equipment  
         
      10 years   
 
      Office
    furniture and equipment  
         
      3
    or 5 years   
 
      Vehicles  
         
      10 years   

The
cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts, and any gain or
loss is included in the consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals
are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Significant renewals and betterment to buildings and equipment are capitalized.
Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the useful life or the life of the lease.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

We
do not anticipate that the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a material effect on our condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.   

Not
applicable.  

Item 4.
Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial
Officer ( CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in SEC Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. The purpose of this evaluation is to determine
if, as of Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were operating effectively such that the information, required
to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports (i) was recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) was accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.  

Based
on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, based on the material weakness described below:  

We
did not have sufficient skilled accounting personnel that are either qualified as Certified Public Accountants in the U.S. or
that have received education from U.S. institutions or other educational programs that would provide enough relevant education
relating to U.S. GAAP. The Company s CFO and Financial Manager have worked for U.S. listed companies but have limited experience
with U.S. GAAP and are not U.S. Certified Public Accountants. Further, our operating subsidiaries are based in China, and in accordance
with PRC laws and regulations, are required to comply with PRC GAAP, rather than U.S. GAAP. Thus, the accounting skills and understanding
necessary to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including the preparation of financial statements and consolidation,
are inadequate, and determined to be a material weakness.  

Remediation
Initiative    

We
    have started a training program in the principles and rules of U.S. GAAP, SEC reporting requirements and the application thereof.
    The program is provided by an independent training institution, for our finance and accounting personnel, including our Chief
    Financial Officer, Financial Manager and others.    

We
    are in the process of designing a program to provide ongoing company-wide training regarding the Company s internal
    controls, with particular emphasis on our finance and accounting staff.    

In
    2011 we established the position of internal audit manager. From September 2011 to July 2012, we hired an internal audit manager
    who implemented an internal review process over financial reporting to review all recent accounting pronouncements and to
    verify that the accounting treatments identified in such report have been fully implemented and confirmed by our internal
    control department. Currently, we are still in the process of seeking for a proper candidate to perform as our internal audit
    manager.   

We
believe that the foregoing steps will remediate the significant deficiencies identified above, and we will continue to monitor
the effectiveness of these steps and make any changes that our management deems appropriate.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that materially
affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.
Legal Proceedings.   

None.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

As
of the date of this filing, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A (Risk Factors)
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We operate in a changing environment that involves
numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our operations. The risks, uncertainties and other
factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 may cause our actual results, performances
and achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. If any of these
risks or events occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.  

Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item 3.
Defaults upon Senior Securities.   

None.  

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

Item 5.
Other Information.   

Item
5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.  

On
July 20, 2010, in connection with the Share Exchange and as consideration for entering into the VIE Agreements, Lionel Evan Liu
(the  Grantor ), the sole shareholder of Crystal Globe Limited, a British Virgin Islands company ( CGL ),
entered into a Call Option Agreement (the  Call Option Agreement ) with Jinghe Zhang and Baogang Song, the shareholders
of Joway Shengshi (the  Grantees ) and Lionel Evan Liu (the  Grantor , pursuant to which the Grantees
had the right to purchase up to 100% of the shares of CGL (the  Call Option ) at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
(the  Exercise Price ) for a period of five years. The Call Option vested as to 34% of the shares of CGL on April
2, 2011 and as to 33% on each of April 2, 2012 and 2013(the respective  Call Option Effective Date ). On March 28,
2015, the Grantor and Grantees amended the Call Option Agreement, to (i) reduce the Exercise Price to $0.00 per share and (ii)
extend the Grantees  rights to exercise their call option within ten years from the above respective Option Effective Date.
As of September 30, 2016, CGL held 17,408,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, representing 86.81% of the issued and
outstanding shares of the Company.  

On
November 13, 2016, Jinghe Zhang exercised his Call Option as to 99% of the shares of CGL and Baogang Song exercised his Call Option
as to 1% of the shares of CGL. As a result of exercising his Call Option, Jinghe Zhang became the controlling shareholder of CGL
and in turn, the controlling shareholder of the Company. Jinghe Zhang now controls 17,233,920 shares, or 85.9%, of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock.  

Item 6.
Exhibits.   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

*
Filed herewith  

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

Joway
    Health Industries Group Inc.   

By:  
       /s/
        Jinghe Zhang    

Jinghe
    Zhang   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
       /s/
        Yuan Huang    

Yuan
    Huang   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

33  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_jowayhealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATION  

I,
Jinghe Zhang, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of Joway Health Industries Group
Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Jinghe Zhang   

Jinghe Zhang   

Chief Executive
    Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_jowayhealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATION  

I,
Yuan Huang, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of Joway Health Industries Group
Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

/s/
    Yuan Huang   

Yuan Huang   

Chief
Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_jowayhealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,
Jinghe Zhang, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Joway Health Industries Group Inc. for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Joway Health Industries Group Inc.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    Jinghe Zhang   

Jinghe
    Zhang   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_jowayhealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO  

  18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,
Yuan Huang, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Joway Health Industries Group Inc. for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Joway Health Industries Group Inc.  

Date:
November 14, 2016  

By:   
      /s/
    Yuan Huang   

Yuan
    Huang   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gtvi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gtvi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gtvi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gtvi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gtvi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gtvi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

