<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1619954_0001047469-16-016488_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4403160</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97119</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>169673</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1142293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1836211</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>952193</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016488.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103090025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inovalon Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001619954
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				471830316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36841
		FILM NUMBER:		161970327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4321 COLLINGTON ROAD
		CITY:			BOWIE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-809-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4321 COLLINGTON ROAD
		CITY:			BOWIE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20716

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016488.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 a2230155z10-q.htm
 10-Q

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Table of Contents    

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       Washington, D.C. 20549     

   Form 10-Q     

(Mark One)   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

or   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period
from                to                   

Commission File Number 001-36841     

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(301) 809-4000    
Registrant's telephone number, including area code   

          Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes        No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No       

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer      
     
  Accelerated filer      
     
  Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes        No       

As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 63,056,269 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 83,970,518 shares of
Class B common stock outstanding.   

Table of Contents    

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.              FORM 10-Q   FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016            

           TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Page    

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
     
         Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    

1   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

1   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

5   

Item 2.    
     
         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

15   

Item 3.    
     
         Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

29   

Item 4.    
     
         Controls and Procedures    

30   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    
     
         Legal Proceedings    

30   

Item 1A.    
     
         Risk Factors    

30   

Item 2.    
     
         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

31   

Item 3.    
     
         Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

32   

Item 4.    
     
         Mine Safety Disclosures    

32   

Item 5.    
     
         Other Information    

32   

Item 6.    
     
         Exhibits    

32   

SIGNATURES    

34   

Table of Contents    

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.         Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements             

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS     

    (in thousands, except share and par value amounts)     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   

  1  

Table of Contents    

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME     

    (Unaudited, in thousands, except per-share amounts)     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   

  2  

Table of Contents    

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     

    (Unaudited, in thousands)     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   

  3  

Table of Contents    

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     

    (Unaudited, in thousands)     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   

  4  

Table of Contents    

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.     

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     

    (Unaudited)     

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION     

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") for interim financial reporting and as required by Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements may not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for audited financial statements. The year-end December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet data
was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the Company's management, the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of items of a normal and recurring nature, necessary to present fairly the Company's financial position as of
September 30, 2016, and the results of operations, and comprehensive income for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
expected for the full year. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of
assets and liabilities, and related disclosures, as of the date of the financial statements, and the amounts of revenue and expenses reported during the period. Actual results could differ from
estimates. The information contained herein should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015.   

          The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Inovalon Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.   

          The
Company's management considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued to provide additional evidence relative
to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date of issuance of these financial statements.   

Recently Issued Accounting Standards      

There have been no developments to recently issued accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on the
Company's consolidated financial statements and note disclosures, from those disclosed in the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, that would be expected to impact the Company except for
the following:   

  5  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Continued)    

          In
February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,    Leases (Topic
842)    ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires the identification of arrangements that should be accounted for as leases by lessees. This guidance is effective for public companies
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. In general, for lease arrangements exceeding a twelve month term, these arrangements will be
recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet of the lessee. Under ASU 2016-02, a right-of-use asset and lease obligation will be recorded for all leases, whether operating or
financing, while the income statement will reflect lease expense for operating leases and amortization/interest expense for financing leases. The balance sheet amount recorded for existing leases at
the date of adoption of ASU 2016-02 will be calculated using the applicable incremental borrowing rate at the date of adoption. In addition, ASU 2016-02 requires the use of the modified retrospective
method, which will require adjustment to all comparative periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting
standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and note disclosures.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-08,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)    ("ASU 2016-08"). This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2017. ASU 2016-08 clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The guidance includes indicators to assist an entity in
determining whether it controls a specified good or service before it is transferred to the customers. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will
have on its consolidated financial statements and note disclosures.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,    Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   
("ASU 2016-09"). This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted. ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash
flows. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adopting this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and note disclosures. The adoption of this new
accounting standard could have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.   

          In
August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,    Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments    ("ASU 2016-15"). The update amends the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 230,    Statement of Cash Flows   ,
and clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice related to eight
specific cash flow issues. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.   

  6  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

2. NET INCOME PER SHARE     (in thousands, except per share amounts)     

Holders of all outstanding classes of common stock participate ratably in earnings on an identical per share basis as if all shares were a single class. Basic earnings per share ("EPS")
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, (Class A common stock and Class B common stock), outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS
is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period under the treasury
stock method. Potentially dilutive securities include stock options and restricted stock units ("RSUs") and restricted stock awards ("RSAs"). Under the treasury stock method, dilutive securities are
assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the periods and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Securities are excluded from
the computations of diluted earnings per share if their effect would be anti-dilutive to EPS.   

          The
Company has issued RSAs under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Company considers issued and unvested RSAs to be participating securities as the holders of these RSAs have a
non-forfeitable right to dividends in the event of the Company's declaration of a dividend on shares of Class A and Class B common stock. Subsequent to the issuance of the participating
securities, the Company applied the two-class method required in calculating net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock. Under the two-class method, net income attributable
to common stockholders is determined by allocating undistributed earnings, calculated as net income, less earnings attributable to participating securities. The net income per share attributable to
common stockholders is allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock as if the income for the period has been distributed.
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical for both classes of common stock, the net income attributable to common stockholders is allocated on a proportionate basis.   

  7  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

2. NET INCOME PER SHARE     (in thousands, except per share amounts) (Continued)    

The
following table reconciles the weighted average shares outstanding for basic and diluted EPS for the periods indicated:   

8  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

2. NET INCOME PER SHARE     (in thousands, except per share amounts) (Continued)    

          The
computation of diluted EPS does not include certain unvested awards, on a weighted average basis, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect on EPS. The awards excluded because of their anti-dilutive effect are as follows:   

3. SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS     (in thousands)     

As of September 30, 2016, short-term investments consisted of the following:   

As
of December 31, 2015, short-term investments consisted of the following:   

9  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

3. SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS     (in thousands) (Continued)    

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our short-term investments, designated as available-for-sale and classified by the contractual maturity date of the securities
as of the dates shown:   

The
Company has certain available-for-sale securities in a gross unrealized loss position. The Company reviews its debt securities classified as short-term investments on a regular basis
to evaluate whether or not any security has experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value. The Company considers factors such as the length of time and extent to which the market value has
been less than the cost, the financial position and near-term prospects of the issuer and the Company's intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the
investment before recovery of the investment's amortized-cost basis. If the Company determines that an other-than-temporary decline exists, or if write downs related to credit losses are necessary, in
one of these securities, the unrealized losses attributable to the respective investment would be reclassified to realized losses on short-term investments within the statement of operations. There
were no impairments considered other-than-temporary as of September 30, 2016.   

The
following table shows the fair values and the gross unrealized losses of available-for-sale securities that were in a gross unrealized loss position, as of September 30, 2016,
aggregated by investment category:   

10  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

4    . FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS     (in thousands)     

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016:   

The
following table presents the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015:   

The
Company determines the fair value of its security holdings based on pricing from its pricing vendors. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of financial instruments
having Level 2 inputs were derived from non-binding consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data or quoted market prices for similar instruments. Such market prices may be
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 inputs) or pricing determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly
(Level 2 inputs). The Company performs procedures to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded such as comparing prices obtained from other sources.   

  11  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

4    . FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS     (in thousands) (Continued)    

The
following table presents our financial instruments measured at fair value using unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016:   

5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES     (in thousands)     

             Legal Proceedings     From time to time the Company is involved in various litigation matters arising out of the normal course of business. The
Company
consults with legal counsel on those issues related to litigation and seeks input from other experts and advisors with respect to such matters. Estimating the probable losses or a range of probable
losses resulting from litigation, government actions and other legal proceedings is inherently difficult and requires an extensive degree of judgment, particularly where the matters involve
indeterminate claims for monetary damages, may involve discretionary amounts, present novel legal theories, are in the early stages of the proceedings, or are subject to appeal. Whether any losses,
damages or remedies ultimately resulting from such matters could reasonably have a material effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows will depend on a
number of variables, including, for example, the timing and amount of such losses or damages (if any) and the structure and type of any such remedies. The Company's management does not presently
expect any litigation matters to have a material adverse impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company.   

  12  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES     (in thousands) (Continued)    

          On
June 24, 2016, a purported securities class action complaint (   Xiang v. Inovalon Holdings, Inc., et.al   .,
No. 1:16-cv-04923) was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, certain officers, directors and underwriters in the Company's initial
public offering. The complaint is brought on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons or entities who purchased shares of the Company's Class A common stock pursuant or traceable
to the Registration Statement issued in connection with the Company's initial public offering on February 18, 2015. The complaint asserts violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the
Securities Act based on allegedly false or misleading statements and omissions with respect to, among other things, the Company's revenues from sales in the city and state of New York and the
Company's effective tax rate. The complaint seeks certification as a class action and unspecified compensatory damages plus interest and attorneys' fees. On June 28, 2016, an identical
complaint to the    Xiang    complaint (   Patel v. Inovalon Holdings, Inc., et. al   .,
No. 1:16-cv-05065) was filed in the same court. On July 5, 2016, the court consolidated the    Xiang    and     Patel    actions. On August 23, 2016, two
potential plaintiffs, Roofers Local No. 149 Pension Fund and Christopher Peoples, an individual,
moved for appointment as lead plaintiff in the litigation. A lead plaintiff has not yet been appointed. The Company believes that the claims against it and its officers and directors are without
merit, and the Company and the named officers and directors intend to defend themselves vigorously. In light of, among other things, the early stage of the litigation, the Company is unable to predict
the outcome of these consolidated actions and is unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of loss, if any, that could result from an unfavorable outcome.   

6. GOODWILL     (in thousands)     

The following table summarizes the activity related to the carrying value of our goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:   

During
the third quarter of 2016, the Company adjusted certain assets and liabilities related to the finalization of tax returns for Avalere Health, Inc. ("Avalere") and prefunded
escrow-related amounts related to the settlement of a contingent consideration earn-out that was successfully achieved by Avalere. The adjustments had no impact on the Company's revenues or expenses.
Based on our assessments of qualitative and quantitative factors, the adjustments were not considered to be material to our consolidated financial statements, individually or in the aggregate, to any
previously issued consolidated financial statements.   

  13  

Table of Contents   

INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.    

    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

    (Unaudited)    

7. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY     (in thousands, except share amounts and share price)     

             Treasury Stock     On May 4, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $100 million
of Inovalon's Class A common stock through December 31, 2016. Repurchases under the Company's share repurchase program have been made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions
in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. The number of shares
to be purchased and the timing of purchases are based on general business and market conditions, and other factors, including legal requirements. During the three months ended September 30,
2016, there were 3,364,531 Class A common shares repurchased for $51,118 at an average cost of $15.19 per share, excluding commissions. At September 30, 2016, $48,882 remained available
to commit to repurchase shares under the share repurchase program. The Company has no obligation to repurchase common stock under the share repurchase program. Shares that are repurchased under the
repurchase program were recorded as treasury stock, based on the stock trading dates, and are available for future issuance, until retired.   

8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS     (in thousands, except share amounts)     

             Business Combination     On October 1, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Creehan Holding Co., Inc. ("Creehan"). Creehan,
through its subsidiary Creehan   Company Corporation, is a leading provider of specialty pharmacy software solutions to the pharmaceutical industry. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2016 (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"), Creehan became a wholly owned subsidiary of Inovalon.   

          Pursuant
to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Inovalon acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Creehan for an aggregate purchase price of
$130 million, which was comprised of $120 million in cash and $10 million in shares of Class A common stock of the Company. The Company completed the acquisition of Creehan
through the use of cash on hand and the issuance of 651,355 shares, subject to sale restrictions, of Class A common stock. Certain components of the aggregate purchase price are subject to the
achievement of financial performance objectives. The Company acquired Creehan for the assembled workforce, technology platform, client base, and to accelerate entry into the specialty pharmacy
software market. Transaction costs in connection with the acquisition are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses. The results of operations related to Creehan
will be included in our consolidated statements of operations beginning from the date of acquisition. Additional information, to the extent required by Accounting Standards Codification
805-   Business Combinations   , including revenue and earnings contributions from Creehan and pro forma financial information effecting the business
acquisition as of January 1, 2016, to the extent material, will be provided in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016, upon completion of
the initial accounting of the acquisition.   

  14  

Table of Contents    

Item 2.         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations             

          The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the
related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 26, 2016. Unless we otherwise indicate or the context requires, references to the
"Company," "Inovalon," "we," "our," and "us" refer to Inovalon Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.   

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements     

          This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements contained in this Quarterly Report other than
statements of historical fact, including but not limited to statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth, and our
objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "expect," and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our
financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and
assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the
forward-looking statements.   

          Factors
that may cause actual results to differ from expected results include, among others:  

our future financial performance, including our ability to continue and manage our growth;  
            our ability to retain our client base;  
            the effect of the concentration of our revenue among our top clients;  
            our ability to innovate and adapt our platforms and toolsets;  
            the effects of regulations applicable to us, including regulations relating to data protection and data
privacy;  
            the effects of consolidation in the managed care industry;   
            the ability to successfully integrate our acquisitions and the ability of the acquired business to perform as expected;    
            the successful implementation and adoption of new platforms, products and solutions;   
            the effects of changes in tax legislation for jurisdictions within which we operate;   
            the ability to protect the privacy of our clients' data and prevent security breaches;   
            the continuation of our share repurchase program;   
            the effect of current or future securities class action litigation;    
 
  15  

Table of Contents   

the effect of competition on our business; and   
            the efficacy of our platforms and toolsets.    

Forward-looking
statements are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by such statements. These factors include, among other factors, those set forth in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, under the heading Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors".   

          You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or
occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. We
are under no duty to, and we disclaim any obligation to, update any of these forward- looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report or to conform these statements to actual results or
revised expectations.   

Overview            

          We are a leading technology company that combines advanced cloud-based data analytics and data-driven intervention platforms to achieve
meaningful impact in clinical and quality outcomes, utilization, and financial performance across the healthcare landscape. Our unique achievement of value is delivered through the effective
progression of Turning Data into Insight, and Insight into Action . Currently, our clients include health plans, hospitals, physicians, patients, pharmaceutical companies and researchers.   

          Our
large proprietary datasets, advanced integration technologies, sophisticated predictive analytics, data-driven intervention platforms, and deep subject matter expertise deliver a
seamless, end-to-end capability that brings the benefits of big data and large-scale analytics to the point of care. Driven by data, our data analytics platforms uniquely identify gaps in care,
quality, data integrity, and financial performance while bringing to bear the unique capabilities to resolve them. Providing technology that supports hundreds of healthcare organizations
in 98.7% of U.S. counties and Puerto Rico, Inovalon's cloud-based analytical and data-driven intervention platforms are informed by data pertaining to more than 837,000 physicians, 354,000 clinical
facilities, and more than 139 million Americans. Through these capabilities, Inovalon is able to drive high-value impact, improving quality and economics for health plans, ACOs, hospitals,
physicians, consumers and pharma/life-sciences researchers.   

          We
generate the substantial majority of our revenue through the sale or subscription licensing of our cloud-based data analytics, intervention and reporting platforms and related support
services.   

          For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated revenue of $105.0 million and $331.5 million, respectively, from the sale of our services
compared to $105.5 million and $316.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Given the scope of our market opportunity, we have historically
invested more each year on innovation and infrastructure, in order to support our growth.   

  16  

Table of Contents   

Recent Developments            

Share Repurchase Program Authorization     

          On May 4, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $100 million of Inovalon's
Class A common stock through December 31, 2016. Repurchases under the Company's share repurchase program have been made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions in compliance
with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. The share repurchase program does
not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2016, we repurchased 3,364,531 Class A common stock shares for approximately
$51.1 million or $15.19 per share.   

Acquisition of Creehan     

          On October 1, 2016, we completed our acquisition of Creehan, a leading provider of specialty pharmacy software solutions to the
pharmaceutical industry. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Creehan for an aggregate purchase price of
$130 million, which was comprised of $120 million in cash and $10 million in shares of Class A common stock of the Company. We completed the acquisition of Creehan through
the use of cash on hand and the issuance of 651,355 shares, subject to sale restrictions, of Class A common stock. Certain components of the aggregate purchase price are subject to the
achievement of financial performance objectives. We acquired Creehan for the assembled workforce, technology platform, client base, and to accelerate entry into the specialty pharmacy software market.
Transaction costs in connection with the acquisition are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses. The results of operations related to Creehan will be included in
our consolidated statements of operations beginning from the date of acquisition.   

Quarterly Key Metrics            

We review certain metrics quarterly, including the key metrics shown in the table below. We believe that these metrics are indicative of our
overall level of analytical activity and the underlying growth in our business.   

(1)    MORE 2 
Registry  dataset metrics and Trailing 12 month PAM, each of which is presented in the table, are key operating metrics that
management uses to assess our level of operational activity. While we believe that each of these metrics is indicative of our overall level of analytical activity and the underlying growth in our
business, increases or decreases in these metrics do not necessarily correlate to proportional increases or decreases in revenue, or net income. For instance, although increased levels of analytical
activity historically have corresponded to increases in revenue over the long term, differences in fees charged for different analytical packages exist and differences in how analytics trigger the
applicability of our data-driven intervention platforms may result in increases in analytical activity that do not result in proportional increases in revenue, or net income (and vice versa).
Accordingly, while we believe the presentation of these operating metrics is helpful to investors in understanding our business, these metrics have limitations and should not be considered as
substitutes for analysis of our financial results reported under generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). In addition, we believe that other companies, including companies in our industry,
do not present similar operating metrics and that there is no commonly accepted method of calculating these metrics, which may reduce their usefulness as comparative measures.    

17  

Table of Contents   

(2)    Unique
patient count is defined as each unique, longitudinally matched, de-identified natural person represented in our MORE 2  Registry  as
of the end of the period presented.
      (3)    Medical
event count is defined as the total number of discrete medical events as of the end of the period presented (for example, a discrete medical event typically
results from the presentation of a patient to a physician for the diagnosis of diabetes and congestive heart failure in a single visit, the presentation of a patient to an emergency department for
chest pain, etc.).
      (4)    PAM
is defined as the sum of the analytical processes performed on each respective patient within patient populations covered by clients under contract. As used in
the metric, an "analytical process" is a distinct set of data calculations undertaken by us which is initiated and completed by our analytical platform to examine a specific question such as whether a
patient is believed to have a condition such as diabetes, or worsening of the disease, during a specific time period.    

Trends and Factors Affecting Our Future Performance            

          A number of factors influence our growth and performance. We see many of these factors as being more quantitatively driven, such as the rate of
growth of the underlying data counts within our datasets, the ongoing investment in innovation, the number of statement of work contracts maintained by us, and our level of analytical activity.
Additionally, there are several factors that influence our growth and performance that are less quantitatively driven, including seasonality, macro-economic forces, and trends within healthcare (such
as payment models, incentivization, and regulatory oversight), that can be driven by changes in federal and state laws and regulations, as well as private sector market forces.   

             Growth of Datasets.        Healthcare costs in the United States have been increasing significantly for many years. This rise in
healthcare costs has driven
a broad transition from consumption-based payment models to quality and value-based payment models across the healthcare landscape. As a result, the specific disease and comorbidity status, clinical
and quality outcomes, resource utilization, and care details of the individual patient have become increasingly relevant to the various constituents across the healthcare delivery system.
Concurrently, the count and complexity of diseases, diagnostics, and treatments       as well as payment models and regulatory oversight
requirements       have soared. In this setting, granular data has become critical to determining and improving quality and financial performance
in healthcare. Our MORE 2  Registry  is our largest principal dataset and serves as a proxy for our general growth of datasets within Inovalon. The growth of our datasets that
inform our analytical capabilities and comparative analytics is a key aspect of our provision of value to our clients and is indicative of our overall growth and capabilities.   

Innovation and Platform Development.        Our business model is based upon our ability to deliver value to our clients through the
combination of
advanced, cloud-based data analytics and data-driven intervention platforms focused on the achievement of meaningful and measureable improvements in clinical quality outcomes and financial performance
in healthcare. Our ability to deliver this value is dependent in part on our ability to continue to innovate, design new capabilities, and bring these capabilities to market in an enterprise scale.
Our continued ability to innovate our platform and bring differentiated capabilities to market is an important aspect of our business success. Our investment in innovation includes costs for research
and development, capitalized software development, and capital expenditures related to hardware and software platforms on which our data analytics and data-driven interventions capabilities are
deployed as summarized below (in thousands, except percentages).   

  18  

Table of Contents   

(1)    Research
and development primarily includes employee costs related to the development and enhancement of our service offerings.
      (2)    Capitalized
software development includes capitalized costs incurred to develop and enhance functionality for our data analytics and data-driven intervention
platforms.
      (3)    Research
and development infrastructure investments include strategic capital expenditures related to hardware and software platforms under development or
enhancement.     

Client and Analytical Process Count Growth.        Our business is generally driven by the number of underlying patients for which our
analytics and
data-driven intervention platforms are being utilized. As such, we track the number of analytical processes that we run on patients each month in fulfillment of our client contracts, as totaled for
the trailing 12 months. This metric is referred to as the Trailing 12 month Patient Analytical Months, or PAM. We believe that PAM is indicative of our overall level of analytical
activity, and we expect our period-to-period comparisons of our PAM to be indicative of underlying growth of our business, although changes in levels of analytical activity do not always directly
translate to changes in financial performance of our business. Differences in fees charged for different analytical packages exist and differences in how analytics trigger the applicability of our
data-driven intervention platforms may result in increases in analytical activity that do not result in proportional increases in revenue, or net income (and vice versa). Therefore, in situations in
which a new engagement is initiated for analytical processes that have a higher than average fee rate, revenue could expand disproportionately faster than the increase in PAM. Likewise, if engagements
for analytical processes that have a higher than average fee rate are concluded then such conclusions can negatively affect revenue disproportionately more than PAM.   

             Seasonality.        The nature of our customers' end-market results in seasonality reflected in both revenue and cost of revenue
differences during the
year. Regulatory impact of data submission deadlines in, for example, March, June, September, and January drive timing of analytics and data processing activity variances from quarter to quarter.
Further, regulatory clinical encounter deadlines of June 30th and December 31st drive intervention concentrations variances from quarter to quarter. The timing of these
factors results in analytical and intervention activity mix variances which impact financial performance from quarter to quarter.   

  19  

Table of Contents   

             Macro-Economic and Macro-Industry Trends.        Our clients are affected, sometimes directly, and sometimes counter-intuitively, by
macro- economic trends
such as economic growth (or economic recession), inflation, and unemployment. Further, industry trends in federal and state laws and regulations, as well as emerging trends in private sector payment
models, affect our clients' businesses and their need for technologies and services to support these challenges. These factors have various effects on our business, and on occasion have resulted in
the slowing or cessation of the decision-making process by clients adopting our technologies and services. On the other hand, changes in macro-economic trends and the industry landscape have
accelerated the need for our technologies and services from time-to-time, particularly as regulators introduce complex requirements with which our clients must comply.   

Shift to Fully Automated Data-Driven Intervention Platform Services.        The proportion of our revenue derived from pure data
analytics and fully
automated data-driven intervention platform services revenue is expected to continue to expand over time as a percentage of total revenue as a result of our continued expansion of our cloud-based
interconnectivity technologies and the continued expansion of interconnectivity within the healthcare landscape. In order to drive value for our clients and serve them irrespective of their level of
connectivity, we continue to provide cloud-based partially automated data-driven intervention platform services, converting the performance of such services to cloud-based fully automated data-driven
intervention platform services wherever possible. As the healthcare infrastructure becomes more interconnected and our integration and interconnectivity technologies continue to expand, enabled by our
continued investment in innovation, we believe that we will be able to achieve more rapid implementation, and greater value impact, at more efficient costs.   

Critical Accounting Policies     

          Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and
estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other
factors we believe to be relevant at the time we prepare our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The accounting estimates used in the preparation of our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements will change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained, and as our operating environment changes. On a regular basis,
we review the accounting policies, assumptions, and evaluate and update our assumptions, estimates, and judgments to ensure that our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are presented
fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such
differences could be material.   

          Critical
accounting policies are those policies that affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. For a more detailed discussion of our critical accounting policies, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the
SEC on February 26, 2016.   

  20  

Table of Contents   

Components of Results of Operations     

Revenue      

          We earn revenue primarily through the sale or subscription licensing of our cloud-based data analytics, data-driven intervention platform
services, and our advisory services and business intelligence solutions.   

          Our
cloud-based data analytics services are performed either at the beginning of a data-driven intervention process, which typically aligns with regulatory submission deadlines, or on a
monthly basis, depending on the particular client's needs. Cloud-based data analytics revenue is driven primarily by the number of identified gaps in care, quality, data integrity, and financial
performance identified in a client's dataset, the number of unique patients in a client's dataset, a minimum data analytics processing fee, and a contractually negotiated transactional price for each
identified gap or unique patient. Subscription licensing revenue is driven primarily by the number of clients, the number of unique patients in a client's population dataset, the number of analytical
services contracted for by a client, and the contractually negotiated price of such services.   

          Cloud-based
data-driven intervention platform service revenue represents revenue that is generated from fully automated processes (i.e., those processes that require no material
variable-based labor components) and partially automated processes (i.e., those processes that require a degree of variable-based labor components). As many of our analytical capabilities are
designed to identify gaps in care, quality, utilization, compliance, and/or other gaps that may impact our clients' achievement of greater healthcare quality and financial performance, our cloud-based
data driven intervention platform services revenue is driven primarily by the results of our cloud-based data analytics processes and our clients' desire to utilize our cloud-based data-driven
intervention platforms to resolve such identified gaps. Informed by our analytics, our cloud-based data-driven intervention platforms are designed to enable the resolution of specific gaps through the
aggregation of specific data or achievement of specific impact. Revenue from our intervention platform utilization is generally driven by the quantity and type of completed interventions enabled by
our platform, and a contractually negotiated transactional price for each such intervention.   

Advisory
service and business intelligence solutions revenue represents revenue that is generated from strategic advisory, analysis and educational services. Revenue from our advisory
services arrangements is generally provided under time and materials, fixed-price, or retainer-based contracts, based on contractually negotiated prices for each such arrangement.   

Cost of Revenue      

          Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses for employees who provide direct contractual services to our clients, including salaries,
benefits, discretionary incentive compensation, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs. Cost of revenue also includes expenses associated with the integration, and verification of
data and other service costs incurred to fulfill our revenue contracts. Cost of revenue does not include allocated amounts for occupancy expense and depreciation and amortization. Many of the elements
of our cost of revenue are relatively variable and semi-variable, and can be reduced in the near-term to offset any decline in our revenue.   

          Our
business and operational models are designed to be highly scalable and leverage variable costs to support revenue generating activities. While we expect to grow our headcount over
time to capitalize on our market opportunities, we believe our increased investment in automation, electronic health record integration capabilities, and economies of scale in our operating model,
will position us to grow our cloud-based data analytics and cloud-based data-driven intervention platform services revenue at a greater rate than our cost of revenue, over time, excluding the impact
of stock-based compensation expense.   

  21  

Table of Contents   

Sales and Marketing      

          Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, commissions, discretionary incentive
compensation, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, business development, and marketing. Sales and marketing expense also
includes operating expenses for marketing programs, research, trade shows and brand messages, and public relations costs. Our sales and marketing expense excludes any allocation of occupancy expense
and depreciation and amortization.   

          We
expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase as we strategically invest to expand our business. We expect to hire additional sales personnel and related support personnel to
capture an increasing amount of our market opportunity. As we scale our sales and marketing activities in the short to medium term, we expect these expenses to increase in both absolute dollars and as
a percentage of revenue.   

Research and Development      

          Research and development expense (one component of our investment in innovation) consists primarily of employee-related expenses, including
salaries, benefits, discretionary incentive compensation, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs for our software developers, engineers, analysts, project managers, and other
employees engaged in the development and enhancement of our service offerings. Research and development expense also includes certain third party consulting fees. Our research and development expense
excludes any allocation of occupancy expense and depreciation and amortization.   

          We
expect to continue our focus on developing new data analytics and data-driven intervention platforms and enhancing our existing data analytics and data-driven intervention platforms.
As a result, we expect our research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars, although it may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue.   

General and Administrative      

          Our general and administrative expense consists primarily of employee-related expenses including salaries, benefits, discretionary incentive
compensation, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs, for employees who are responsible for management information systems, administration, human resources, finance, legal, and
executive management. General and administrative expense also includes occupancy expenses (including rent, utilities, communications, and facilities maintenance), professional fees, consulting fees,
insurance, travel, and other expenses. Our general and administrative expense excludes depreciation and amortization.   

We
expect our general and administrative expense to increase as we expand our business and incur the incremental costs associated with being a public company.   

Depreciation and Amortization Expense      

          Our depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of capitalized software development
costs, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.   

Interest Income      

          Interest income represents interest earned from our short-term investments.   

  22  

Table of Contents    

Interest Expense      

          Interest expense represents interest incurred on our Credit Facilities (as defined below, under the heading "Debt").   

Provision for Income Taxes      

          Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States and foreign income taxes from the territory of Puerto
Rico, including deferred income taxes reflecting the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            

The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for each of the periods presented (in thousands, except
percentages):   

*    Asterisk
denotes not meaningful.    

23  

Table of Contents   

          The
following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue:   

*    Asterisk
denotes not meaningful.     

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

Revenue      

          Revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by approximately $0.4 million, compared with the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to revenue from new clients of $6.7 million offset by a net decrease of $7.1 million in revenue from existing
clients.   

          Revenue
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by approximately $14.8 million, or 5%, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
increase was primarily attributable to revenue from new clients of $37.8 million offset by a net decrease of $23.0 million in revenue from existing clients.   

Cost of Revenue      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, cost of revenue decreased by approximately $3.0 million, or 8%, compared with
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $3.0 million decrease in cost of revenue was primarily due to the composition of a greater volume of data-driven analytics as a percentage
of revenue and efficiency improvements. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue was 34% and 36% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

  24  

Table of Contents   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of revenue increased by approximately $16.7 million, or 16%, compared with the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The $16.7 million increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to the corresponding increase in revenue of $14.8 million, and the composition of a greater volume of data-driven
intervention platform services as a percentage of revenue. Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue was 36% and 33% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Sales and Marketing      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expenses increased by approximately $3.1 million, or 78%,
compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to our investment in the growth of our sales team, related sales infrastructure tools, and
marketing programs. The growth of our sales and marketing team was driven by our investment in new sales personnel to focus on adding new clients and capturing an increased amount of the market
opportunity.   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales and marketing expenses increased by approximately $11.5 million, or 141%, compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to our investment in the growth of our sales team, related sales infrastructure tools, and marketing programs. The growth of our
sales and marketing team was driven by our investment in new sales personnel to focus on adding new clients and capturing an increased amount of the market opportunity.   

Research and Development      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, research and development expense increased by approximately $1.1 million, or
18%, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to growth in employee-related expenses necessary to support our on-going investment in
innovation and platform development compared to the prior period.   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, research and development expense increased by approximately $3.8 million, or 22%, compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to growth in employee-related expenses necessary to support our on-going investment in innovation and platform development compared
to the prior period.   

General and Administrative      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $4.8 million, or
15%, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses of approximately $4.8 million is primarily attributable to an increase
of $4.9 million of post-acquisition contingent consideration expense related to the September 2015 acquisition of Avalere Health Inc. ("Avalere").   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expense increased by approximately $23.2 million, or 28%, compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses of approximately $23.2 million is primarily attributable to an increase of approximately $11.1 million of
post-acquisition contingent consideration expense related to the September 2015 acquisition of Avalere, approximately $8.2 million of increased investment in incremental personnel and
infrastructure to support our growth, and an increase in growth-related infrastructure expenses of approximately $3.9 million.   

  25  

Table of Contents   

Depreciation and Amortization      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $3.4 million,
or 61%, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to approximately $2.1 million of incremental amortization of capitalized software,
and $1.1 million of amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of Avalere, as compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $10.5 million, or 69%, compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily attributable to approximately $5.4 million of incremental amortization of capitalized software, $4.2 million of amortization of
intangible assets related to the acquisition of Avalere, and $0.8 million of depreciation of assets related to the acquisition of Avalere, as compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.   

Gain on Disposal of Equipment      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no equipment disposals.   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we replaced certain data-center equipment. The replacement of the equipment was covered under our insurance and the cost of our
replacement equipment was reimbursed by our insurance carrier. As a result, the disposal and replacement of the equipment resulted in a gain of $0.5 million.   

Interest Income      

          During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest income increased by approximately $0.3 million and
$2.6 million, compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Our interest income is primarily attributable to an increase in earnings derived from our
available-for-sale short-term investments.   

Interest Expense      

          During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense increased by approximately $0.2 million and
$0.5 million, compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase was attributable to interest expense on our Term Loan Facility (as defined
below, under the heading "Debt").   

Provision for Income Taxes      

          During the three months ended September 30, 2016, provision for income taxes decreased by approximately $7.1 million, or 84%,
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we completed our 2015 federal and state tax returns, including those of Avalere
for the pre-acquisition period of January 1, 2015 through August 31, 2015. Through this process, we identified additional tax benefits and, as a result, our effective tax rate for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was 15.0%, as compared to 45.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   

          During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, provision for income taxes decreased by approximately $24.5 million, or 64%, compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. During three months ended September 30, 2016, we completed our 2015 federal and state tax returns, including those of Avalere for the pre-acquisition period of
January 1, 2015 through August 31, 2015. Through this process, we identified additional tax benefits and, as a result, our effective tax rate for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was 34.4%, as compared to 43.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

  26  

Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources     

Sources of Liquidity      

Our principal source of liquidity has been cash generated by operating activities, proceeds from our initial public offering and proceeds from
our Credit Facilities. Our cash generated from such means has been sufficient to fund our growth, including our capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments totaled $713.3 million, of which $498.9 million represented short-term, available-for-sale, investment grade, domestic debt-securities, compared to
$714.1 million of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of September 30, 2015, of which $547.6 million represented short-term, available-for-sale, investment
grade, domestic debt-securities.   

          We
believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balance, expected cash generated by operating activities and availability of cash under our Credit Facilities is
sufficient to fund our operations, finance our strategic initiatives, fund our investment in innovation and new service offerings, and fund our share repurchase program, for the foreseeable future.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our Credit Facilities.   

          On
May 4, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $100 million of Inovalon's Class A common stock through
December 31, 2016. We have and expect to continue to fund repurchases through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and sales of short-term investments, if needed. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were 3,364,531 Class A common shares repurchased for $51.1 million, at an average cost of $15.19 per share, excluding commissions.
At September 30, 2016, approximately $48.9 million remained available to repurchase shares under our share repurchase program. On November 2, 2016, we announced that our Board of
Directors authorized an expansion of the share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $100 million of shares of Inovalon's Class A Common Stock (bringing the total to
$200 million). The additional $100 million of shares can be repurchased between the completion of the first $100 million program and the end of 2017. Repurchases under the
Company's share repurchase program have been made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions.   

Debt      

On September 19, 2014, we entered into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement with a group of lenders including Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as
administrative agent (the "Credit Agreement"). The terms of the Credit Agreement provide-for credit facilities in the aggregate maximum principal amount of $400.0 million, consisting of a
senior unsecured term loan facility in the original principal amount of $300.0 million (the "Term Loan Facility") and a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the maximum principal
amount of $100.0 million (the "Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the "Credit Facilities"). As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding indebtedness
under the Term Loan Facility and capital lease obligations of approximately $270.0 million and approximately $0.4 million, respectively, and had outstanding indebtedness under our Term
Loan Facility and capital lease obligations of approximately $285.0 million and approximately $0.4 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2015. No amounts were outstanding
under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. The Term Loan Facility has a five-year term and is an amortizing facility with principal payments
quarterly and interest payments monthly. Scheduled principal payments totaling $11.3 million and scheduled interest payments totaling $3.6 million were paid during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement.   

  27  

Table of Contents   

Cash Flows      

Operating Cash Flow Activities      

Cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $68.6 million,
representing an increase in cash inflow of approximately $24.5 million compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cash provided by operating activities was driven by net
income of approximately $26.4 million, as adjusted for the exclusion of non-cash expenses totaling approximately $30.0 million, and offset by approximately $12.2 million related
to the effect of changes in working capital and other balance sheet accounts.   

Investing Cash Flow Activities      

Cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $90.3 million compared
with cash used in investing activities of approximately $691.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to
proceeds generated from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, net of purchases, of approximately $115.8 million and was partially offset by approximately $25.5 million
of investments in property and equipment and capitalized software.   

          We
make investments in innovation, including research and development expense, capital software development costs, and research and development infrastructure investments, on a recurring
basis. We expect our investment in innovation to increase in the foreseeable future to support our continued growth and new service offerings.   

Financing Cash Flow Activities      

Cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $58.6 million, compared with
cash provided by financing activities of approximately $651.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was primarily comprised of approximately $51.1 million related to share repurchases, approximately $11.3 million for the repayment of Credit Facility
borrowings, $2.3 million related to the payment of contingent consideration for an earn-out achieved by Avalere, and was offset by approximately $5.1 million of proceeds received from
the exercise of stock options and approximately $1.1 million of excess tax benefits generated from stock-based compensation transactions.   

Contractual Obligations      

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of
business, in our contractual obligations previously disclosed under the caption "Contractual Obligations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed
with the SEC on February 26, 2016.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     

          As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.   

  28  

Table of Contents   

Recently Issued Accounting Standards     

          Recently issued accounting standards and their expected impact, if any, are discussed in Note 1, "Basis of Presentation", in the notes to
our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, included under Item 1 within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies," in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, included under Item 15 within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the
SEC on February 26, 2016.   

Item 3.         Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk             

            Variable Rate Debt Risk.       Our variable rate debt includes our Term Loan Facility and our Revolving Credit Facility. As of
September 30, 2016,
we had $270.0 million outstanding under our Term Loan Facility at an effective interest rate of 1.78%. As a result, if market interest rates were to increase by 1.0%, or 100 basis points,
interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows, net of estimated tax benefits, by approximately $1.6 million annually, assuming that we do not enter into contractual hedging
arrangements. As of September 30, 2016, there was no balance outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility.   

            Marketable Securities Risk.       We had short-term investment portfolios, including cash held in money market funds, totaling approximately
$514.0 million as of September 30, 2016. This amount was invested primarily in marketable securities including corporate notes and bonds, U.S. agency obligations, commercial paper, U.S.
treasury securities, certificates of deposit and money market funds. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.   

          Our
short-term investments are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates, which could affect our results of operations. Fixed rate securities may have their market value
adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment
income may fluctuate due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However
because we classify our marketable securities as "available for sale," no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines
in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary.   

          An
immediate increase of 100-basis points in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $3.6 million market value reduction in our investment portfolio as of
September 30, 2016. An immediate decrease of 100-basis points in interest rates would have increased the market value by approximately $8.1 million as of September 30, 2016. This
estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest
rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities prior to their maturity.   

  29  

Table of Contents    

Item 4.         Controls and Procedures             

Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

          Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer ("CEO") and chief financial officer ("CFO"), has evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level
and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   

Changes in Internal Control     

          There have been no changes in the our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION            

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings            

See "Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies" in the Notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included
under Part I, Item 1 within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    

Item 1A.    Risk Factors            

          For a discussion of potential risks and uncertainties related to our Company see the information in Part I, Item 1A ("Risk
Factors") of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Other than the addition of the risk factor below, there have been no material changes to the risk
factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

We are currently the subject of purported securities class action lawsuits and additional litigation
may be brought against us in the future.      

We are currently the subject of two consolidated purported class action lawsuits which assert violations of Section 11 and
Section 15 of the Securities Act based on allegedly false or misleading statements and omissions in our Registration Statement issued in connection with our initial public offering on
February 18, 2015. See Note 5, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1
within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These lawsuits seek certification as a class and unspecified compensatory damages plus interest and attorneys' fees. We believe that the claims
against us and our officers and directors are without merit, and we and the named officers and directors intend to defend ourselves and themselves vigorously. In light of, among other things, the
early stage of the litigation, we are unable to predict the outcome of these lawsuits or make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of potential loss, if any, that could result from an
unfavorable outcome. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such current and
additional litigation, if any, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management's attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects and cause our stock price to decline.   

  30  

Table of Contents   

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds            

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities      

In connection with the Company's acquisition of Creehan, on October 3, 2016, the Company issued 651,355 shares of Class A common
stock to a former Creehan stockholder in exchange for such stockholder's shares of Creehan common stock. The shares of Class A common stock were issued in reliance on the exemption provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act on the basis that no public offering or general solicitation was made, the recipient was provided with certain disclosure materials and all other
information requested with respect to the Company, and the Company affixed appropriate legends to the shares of Class A common stock setting forth that the issuance and resale of the securities
were not registered and are subject to applicable restrictions on transfer. The issuance of the shares of Class A common stock did not involve any underwriters, underwriting discounts or
commissions.   

Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities      

On February 18, 2015, we completed our initial public offering ("IPO") of 22,222,222 shares of Class A common stock and, upon the
underwriters' exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, issued an additional 3,142,581 shares of Class A common stock for a total of 25,364,803 shares issued. All of the shares
issued in the IPO were primary shares offered by us as none of our stockholders sold any shares in the IPO. The offering price of the shares sold in the IPO was $27.00 per share, resulting in
net proceeds to us, after underwriters' discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by us, of $639.1 million. All of the shares were sold pursuant to our registration statement on
Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-201321), that was declared effective by the SEC on February 11, 2015. Goldman, Sachs   Co., Morgan
Stanley   Co. LLC, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the IPO and as representatives of the underwriters. The principal purposes of
our IPO were to create a public market for our Class A common stock and thereby enable future access to the public equity markets by us and our stockholders, and obtain additional capital. On
September 1, 2015, we used approximately $126.2 million of the net proceeds from the IPO to complete the acquisition of Avalere. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we used approximately $51.1 million of the net proceeds from the IPO to repurchase outstanding Class A common shares. On October 1, 2016, we committed $120.0 million as
partial consideration for our acquisition of Creehan. We intend to use the remaining net proceeds to us from our IPO for working
capital and other general corporate purposes; other than funding the share repurchase program, we do not currently have any specific uses of the remaining net proceeds. Additionally, we may use a
portion of the remaining net proceeds for additional acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, or other assets, or to repay outstanding indebtedness.   

  31  

Table of Contents   

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers      

The following table presents a summary of share repurchases made by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:   

(1)    On
September 1, 2016, we directed the administrator of the Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") to purchase 28,036 shares of Class A common
stock in the open market for a total of approximately $0.5 million, for issuance to the ESPP participants at a discounted price of $13.35 per share. The Company may, in its discretion, based on
market conditions, relative transaction costs and the Company's need for additional capital, continue to instruct the plan administrator to make semi-annual open market purchases of Class A
common stock for ESPP participants to coincide with the ESPP's designated semi-annual purchase dates.
      (2)    On
May 4, 2016, we announced that the Company's Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $100 million of Inovalon's Class A
common stock through December 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 3,364,531 shares at an average purchase price of $15.19 per share for a total purchase price
of approximately $51.1 million under this program. The Company intends to use a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and sales of short-term investments to fund additional
repurchases under this program.    

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities            

Not applicable.    

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures            

          Not applicable.    

Item 5.    Other Information            

None.    

Item 6.    Exhibits            

  32  

Table of Contents    

EXHIBIT INDEX            

*    Filed
herewith.
      **    This
certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to
the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the Exchange Act.     

33  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES            

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

Date: November 3, 2016  
     
    INOVALON HOLDINGS, INC.   

By:  
      
   /s/ KEITH R. DUNLEAVY, M.D. 

Keith R. Dunleavy, M.D.     Chief Executive Officer   Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      
   /s/ CHRISTOPHER E. GREINER 

Christopher E. Greiner     Chief Financial and Operating Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

34  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2230155zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.1            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
Keith R. Dunleavy, M.D., certify that:   

          1.     I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inovalon Holdings, Inc.;   

          2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

          3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

          4.     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)   Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

          (b)   Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

          (c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)   All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and   

          (b)   Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.   

/s/   KEITH R. DUNLEAVY, M.D.   

Keith R. Dunleavy, M.D.     Chief Executive Officer   Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:
November 3, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2230155zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.2            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
Christopher E. Greiner, certify that:   

          1.     I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inovalon Holdings, Inc.;   

          2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

          3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

          4.     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)   Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

          (b)   Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

          (c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)   All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and   

          (b)   Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.   

/s/   CHRISTOPHER E. GREINER   

Christopher E. Greiner     Chief Financial and Operating Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:
November 3, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.2   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2230155zex-32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 32.1            

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002            

          In connection with the Quarterly Report of Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Keith R. Dunleavy, M.D., the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company,
certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

1.    the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
      2.    the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/   KEITH R. DUNLEAVY, M.D.   

Keith R. Dunleavy, M.D.     Chief Executive Officer   Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:
November 3, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 32.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2230155zex-32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32.2            

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002            

          In connection with the Quarterly Report of Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Christopher E. Greiner, Chief Financial and Operating Officer of the Company,
certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:   

1.    the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
      2.    the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/   CHRISTOPHER E. GREINER   

Christopher E. Greiner     Chief Financial and Operating Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:
November 3, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 32.2   
 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 inov-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 inov-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 inov-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 inov-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 inov-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 inov-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

