<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1171825_0000891092-16-018811_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38623247</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>506181</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1215506</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12013390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>17193820</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6455555</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>182</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000891092-16-018811.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109171327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891092-16-018811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIT GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE LESSORS [6172]
		IRS NUMBER:				651051192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31369
		FILM NUMBER:		161985144

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CIT DRIVE
		CITY:			LIVINGSTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9737405000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CIT DRIVE
		CITY:			LIVINGSTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07039

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIT GROUP INC DEL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000891092-16-018811.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 e71795_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Table of Contents      
 
   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
 
    FORM 10-Q  

Commission File Number: 001-31369 

CIT GROUP INC.   

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X 
No  _  
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes  X  No  _  
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): Large
accelerated filer  X  Accelerated filer  _  Non-accelerated filer  _  Smaller reporting company.  _  
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  _  No  X  
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all
documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of
securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes  X  No  _  
 
   As of October 31, 2016 there were 202,061,727 shares of the
registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents      

CONTENTS 

Part
                                         One   Financial Information:   

Item
                                         1. 

Consolidated
                                         Financial Statements   

2  

Consolidated
                                         Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   

2  

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Income (Unaudited)   

3  

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited)   

4  

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited)   

5  

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   

6  

Notes
                                         to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

7  

Item
                                         2. 

Management s
                                         Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

70  

and  

Item
                                         3. 

Quantitative
                                         and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

70  

Item
                                         4. 

Controls
                                         and Procedures   

131  

Part
                                         Two   Other Information:   

Item
                                         1. 

Legal
                                         Proceedings   

133  

Item
                                         1A. 

Risk
                                         Factors   

133  

Item
                                         2. 

Unregistered
                                         Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

133  

Item
                                         4. 

Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures   

133  

Item
                                         6. 

Exhibits

134  

Signatures

139  

Table of Contents    1  

Table of Contents      
 
     Part One   Financial
Information 
 
     Item 1. Consolidated Financial
Statements 

CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
                                         BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited)  (dollars in millions   except share data)  

(1)   

The following table presents information on assets and
liabilities related to Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) that are consolidated by the Company. The difference between VIE total assets and total
liabilities represents the Company s interests in those entities, which were eliminated in consolidation. The assets of the consolidated VIEs will
be used to settle the liabilities of those entities and, except for the Company s interest in the VIEs, are not available to the creditors of CIT
or any affiliates of CIT.   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

2   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
                                         STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited)  (dollars in millions   except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 3  

Table of Contents      
 
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
                                         STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited)  (dollars in millions)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

4   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
                                         STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited)  (dollars in millions)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 5  

Table of Contents      
 
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
                                         STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  (dollars in millions)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

6   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
   CIT Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively
 CIT  or, the  Company ), has provided financial solutions to its clients since its formation in 1908. The Company provides
financing, leasing and advisory services principally to middle market companies in a wide variety of industries primarily in North America, and
equipment financing and leasing solutions to the transportation industry worldwide. CIT is a bank holding company ( BHC ) and a financial
holding company ( FHC ). Through its bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A., CIT provides a full range of commercial and consumer banking and
related services to customers through 70 branches located in Southern California and its online bank, bankoncit.com. 
 
   CIT is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System ( FRB ) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. CIT
Bank, N.A. is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, U.S. Department of the Treasury ( OCC ). 
 
    BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
 
     Basis of Financial Information  

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q for interim financial information and accordingly do not include all information and note disclosures
required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. The
financial statements in this Form 10-Q, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for a fair statement of CIT s financial position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with GAAP. These consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated by the Company s Current
Report filed on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2016, which are on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Effective March 31, 2016, CIT
re-organized its reportable operating segments to Commercial Banking, Transportation Finance, Consumer and Community Banking and Non-Strategic
Portfolios. Refer to  Note 17   Business Segment Information  for further discussion. 
 
   The accounting and financial reporting policies of CIT Group Inc.
conform to GAAP and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported
amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Some of the more significant estimates include: allowance
for loan losses, loan impairment, fair value determination, lease residual values, liabilities for uncertain tax positions, realizability of deferred
tax assets, purchase accounting adjustments, indemnification assets, goodwill, intangible assets, and contingent liabilities, including amounts
associated with the discontinued operation. Additionally where applicable, the policies conform to accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by
bank regulatory authorities. 
 
    Principles of Consolidation  
 
   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
financial information related to CIT Group Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiaries and those variable interest entities ( VIEs ) where the
Company is the primary beneficiary. 
 
   In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all
significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Assets held in an agency or fiduciary capacity are not included in the
consolidated financial statements. 
 
   The results for the quarter and nine months ended September 30,
2016 contain activity of OneWest Bank, National Association ( OneWest Bank ), acquired on August 3, 2015. The comparable 2015 periods
presented in this Form 10-Q includes activity only from the acquisition date through September 30, 2015. See  Note 2   Acquisition and
Disposition Activities  for details. The current period s results of operations do not necessarily indicate the results that may be expected
for any other interim period or for the full year as a whole. 
 
    Discontinued Operations  
 
   The Financial Freedom business, a division of CIT Bank, N.A.
(formerly a division of OneWest Bank) that services reverse mortgage loans, was acquired as part of the OneWest Transaction. Pursuant to ASC 205-20,
the Financial Freedom business was reflected as discontinued operations as of the August 3, 2015 OneWest Transaction and in the subsequent periods. The
business includes the entire third party servicing of reverse mortgage operations, which consist of personnel, systems and servicing assets. The assets
of discontinued operations primarily include Home Equity Conversion Mortgage ( HECM ) loans and servicing advances. The liabilities of
discontinued operations include reverse mortgage servicing liabilities, which relates primarily to loans serviced for third party investors, secured
borrowings and contingent liabilities. Unrelated to the Financial Freedom business, continuing operations includes a portfolio of reverse mortgages,
which is reported in the Consumer and Community Banking segment. 
 
   In addition to the mortgage servicing rights, discontinued
operations reflect HECM loans, which were pooled and securitized in the form of GNMA HMBS and sold into the secondary market with servicing retained.
These HECM loans are insured by the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ). Based upon the structure of the GNMA HMBS the Company has
determined that the HECM loans that were securitized as GNMA HMBS had not met all of the requirements for sale accounting and therefore, has accounted
for these transfers as a financing transaction. Under a financing transaction, the transferred loans remain on the Company s statement of
financial position and the proceeds received are recorded as a secured borrowing. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 7  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Discontinued Operations are discussed in  Note 2   
 Acquisition and Disposition Activities.  
 
    Revisions of Previously Issued Statements of Cash
Flows  
 
   In preparing the financial statements for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company discovered and corrected immaterial errors impacting the classification of certain balances between line items and
categories presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The most significant of these errors related to classification issues between the
operating and investing sections. The Company has evaluated the impact of the errors and has concluded that individually and in the aggregate, the
errors were not material to any previously issued Statement of Cash Flows. However, the Company has elected to revise the Statements of Cash Flows for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, in this filing, and will revise previously issued balances in the Statements of Cash Flows when they are next
filed in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2017, and June 30, 2017, and in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2016. 
 
    Quarter ended September 30, 2015  
 
   The amounts presented comparatively for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 have been revised for these misclassifications. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the misclassifications resulted in an
understatement of net cash flows provided by operations of $13 million, an understatement of net cash flows provided by investing activities of $9
million, and an understatement of net cash flows used in financing activities of $22 million. 
 
    Quarter ended June 30, 2016  
 
   The amounts presented comparatively for the six months ended June
30, 2016 in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 will be revised for these misclassifications. For the six months ended
June 30, 2016, the misclassifications resulted in an understatement of net cash flows provided by operations of $20.4 million, which will result in a
revised balance of $1,036.2 million, an understatement of net cash flows used in investing activities of $20.4 million, which will result in a revised
balance of $(326.8) million, with no impact on net cash flows used in financing activities. 
 
    Quarter ended March 31, 2016  
 
   The amounts presented comparatively for the three months ended
March 31, 2016 in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 will be revised for these misclassifications. For the three months
ended March 31, 2016, the misclassifications resulted in an overstatement of net cash flows provided by operations of $43.5 million, which will result
in a revised balance of $522.5 million, an overstatement of net cash flows used in investing activities of $73.2 million, which will result in a
revised balance of $(299.2) million, and an understatement of net cash flows used in financing activities of $29.7 million which will result in a
revised balance of $ (375.4) million. 
 
    Year ended December 31, 2015  
 
   The amounts presented comparatively for the year ended December
31, 2015 in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 will be revised for these misclassifications. For the year ended December
31, 2015, the misclassifications resulted in an understatement of net cash flows provided by operations of $19.3 million, which will result in a
revised balance of $871.2 million, an overstatement of net cash flows provided by investing activities of $19.3 million, which will result in a revised
balance of $1,463.8 million, with no impact on net cash flows used in financing activities. 
 
    Year ended December 31, 2014  
 
   The amounts presented comparatively for the year ended December
31, 2014 in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 will be revised for these misclassifications. For the year ended December
31, 2014, the misclassifications resulted in an understatement of net cash flows provided by operations of $13.7 million, which will result in a
revised balance of $1,206.4 million, an understatement of net cash flows used in investing activities of $13.7 million, which will result in a revised
balance of $(981.4) million, with no impact on net cash flows used in financing activities. 
 
   These revisions had no impact on the Company s reported net
income, shareholders  equity, net change in cash, total assets, or total liabilities for any period. 
 
    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
   Significant accounting policies are included with the current
Form 10-K on file. There were no material changes to these policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 except for applicable updates to
reflect the change in segment and classes. 
 
    Accounting Pronouncements Adopted  
 
   During the first quarter of 2016, the Company adopted the
following Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ): 

n    

ASU 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period ;  

n    

ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and
Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items ;  

8   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

n    

ASU 2015-15,  Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to SEC Paragraphs
Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting.   

Stock Compensation  
 
   ASU 2014-12 directs that a performance target that affects
vesting and can be achieved after the requisite service period is a performance condition. That is, compensation cost would be recognized over the
required service period if it is probable that the performance condition would be achieved. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and
after the requisite service period would reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and would be adjusted to reflect those awards that
ultimately vest. The ASU does not require additional disclosures. 
 
   CIT adopted this ASU, effective January 1, 2016, for all awards
granted or modified after the effective date. Adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on CIT s financial statements or
disclosures. 
 
    Extraordinary and Unusual Items  
 
   ASU 2015-01 eliminates the concept of extraordinary items and the
need for entities to evaluate whether transactions or events are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. 
 
   The ASU precludes (1) segregating an extraordinary item from the
results of ordinary operations; (2) presenting separately an extraordinary item on the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing
operations; and (3) disclosing income taxes and earnings-per-share data applicable to an extraordinary item. However, the ASU does not affect the
reporting and disclosure requirements for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or that occurs infrequently. Consequently, although the
Company will no longer need to determine whether a transaction or event is both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring, CIT will still need to
assess whether items are unusual in nature or infrequent to determine if the additional presentation and disclosure requirements for these items
apply. 
 
   CIT adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2016. Adoption of this
guidance did not have a significant impact on CIT s financial statements or disclosures. 
 
    Consolidation  
 
   ASU 2015-02 amended the current consolidation guidance to change
the way reporting enterprises evaluate whether (a) they should consolidate limited partnerships and similar entities, (b) fees paid to a decision maker
or service provider are variable interests in a variable interest entity ( VIE ), and (c) variable interests in a VIE held by related parties
of the reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. It also eliminates the VIE consolidation model based on majority
exposure to variability that applied to certain investment companies and similar entities. 
 
   The Board changed the way the voting rights characteristic in the
VIE scope determination is evaluated for corporations, which may significantly impact entities for which decision making rights are conveyed through a
contractual arrangement. 
 
   Under ASU 2015-02: 

n   

More limited partnerships and similar entities will be evaluated
for consolidation under the revised consolidation requirements that apply to VIEs.  

n   

Fees paid to a decision maker or service provider are less
likely to be considered a variable interest in a VIE.  

n   

Variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of a
reporting enterprise are less likely to require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE.  

n   

There is a new approach for determining whether equity at-risk
holders of entities that are not similar to limited partnerships have power to direct the entity s key activities when the entity has an
outsourced manager whose fee is a variable interest.  

n   

The deferral of consolidation requirements for certain
investment companies and similar entities of the VIE in ASU 2009-17 is eliminated.  

The impacts of the update include: 

n   

A new consolidation analysis is required for VIEs, including
many limited partnerships and similar entities that previously were not considered VIEs.  

n   

It is less likely that the general partner or managing member of
limited partnerships and similar entities will be required to consolidate the entity when the other investors in the entity lack both participating
rights and kick-out rights.  

n   

Limited partnerships and similar entities that are not VIEs will
not be consolidated by the general partner.  

n   

It is less likely that decision makers or service providers
involved with a VIE will be required to consolidate the VIE.  

n   

Entities for which decision making rights are conveyed through a
contractual arrangement are less likely to be considered VIEs.  

n   

Reporting enterprises with interests in certain investment
companies and similar entities that are considered VIEs will no longer evaluate those entities for consolidation based on majority exposure to
variability.  

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 9  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

CIT adopted ASU 2015-02, effective January 1, 2016, under the
modified retrospective approach. Based on CIT s re-assessment of its VIEs under the amended guidance, the adoption of this ASU did not have a
significant impact on CIT s financial statements or disclosures. 
 
    Debt Issuance Costs  
 
   ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt
discount. 
 
   Debt issuance costs are specific incremental costs, other than
those paid to the lender, that are directly attributable to issuing a debt instrument ( i.e.,  third party costs). Prior to the issuance of the
standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented in the balance sheet as a deferred charge ( i.e.,  an asset). 
 
   ASU 2015-15 clarified ASU 2015-03, which did not address the
balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs that are either (1) incurred before a debt liability is recognized ( e.g.,  before the debt
proceeds are received), or (2) associated with revolving debt arrangements. ASU 2015-15 states that the SEC staff would not object to an entity
deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the LOC
arrangement, regardless of whether there are outstanding borrowings under that LOC arrangement. 
 
   In accordance with the new guidance, CIT reclassified deferred
debt costs previously included in other assets to borrowings in the first quarter of 2016 and conformed prior periods. The adoption of this guidance
did not have a significant impact on CIT s financial statements or disclosures. 
 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 
   The following accounting pronouncements have been issued by the
FASB but are not yet effective: 

n    

ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern;   

n    

ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ;  

n    

ASU 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of
Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships ;  

n    

ASU 2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint
Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting ;  

n    

ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) ;  

n    

ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting;   

n    

ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ;  

n    

ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients;   

n    

ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses
(Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments; and   

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern  
 
   ASU 2014-15 describes how entities should assess their ability to
meet their obligations and sets disclosure requirements about how this information should be communicated. The standard will be used along with
existing auditing standards, and provides the following key guidance: 

1.   

Entities must perform a going concern assessment by evaluating
their ability to meet their obligations for a look-forward period of one year from the financial statement issuance date (or date the financial
statements are available to be issued).  

2.   

Disclosures are required if it is probable an entity will be
unable to meet its obligations within the look-forward period. Incremental substantial doubt disclosure is required if the probability is not mitigated
by management s plans.  

3.   

Pursuant to the ASU, substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern exists if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one
year after the date the annual or interim financial statements are issued or available to be issued (assessment date).  

10   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The new standard applies to all entities for the first annual
period ending after December 15, 2016. Company management is responsible for assessing going concern uncertainties at each annual and interim reporting
period thereafter. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on CIT s financial statements or
disclosures. 
 
    Financial Instruments  
 
   ASU 2016-01 addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The main objective is enhancing the reporting model for financial instruments to
provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information. The amendments to current GAAP are summarized as follows: 

n    

Supersede current guidance to classify equity securities into
different categories ( i.e.,  trading or available-for-sale);  

n   

Require equity investments to be measured at fair value with
changes in fair value recognized in net income, rather than other comprehensive income. This excludes those investments accounted for under the equity
method, or those that result in consolidation of the investee;  

n   

Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without
readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment (similar to goodwill);  

n   

Eliminate the requirement to disclose the method(s) and
significant assumptions used to estimate fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost;  

n   

Require the use of the exit price notion when measuring the fair
value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes;  

n   

Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive
income the portion of the change in fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has
elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with fair value option for financial instruments;  

n    

Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset ( i.e.,  securities, or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or
accompanying notes to the financial statements;  

n   

Clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation
allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.  

For public business entities, the amendments in this ASU are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. CIT is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting this amendment on its financial instruments. 
 
    Leases  
 
   ASU 2016-02, which is intended to increase transparency and
comparability of accounting for lease transactions, will require all leases to be recognized on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease
liabilities. 
 
   Lessor accounting remains similar to the current model, but
updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model ( e.g.,  certain definitions, such as initial direct costs, have been updated) and the
new revenue recognition standard. Lease classifications by lessors are similar; operating, direct financing, or sales-type. 
 
   Lessees will need to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease
liability for virtually all of their leases. The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the
liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to
be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease
accounting, but without explicit thresholds. The ASU will require both quantitative and qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing
arrangements. 
 
   The standard is effective for the Company for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a
modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain practical expedients. Transition will require application of the new guidance at the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. CIT is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on its financial statements and
disclosures. 
 
    Derivatives and Hedge Accounting  
 
   ASU 2016-05 clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a
derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship
provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. An entity will, however, still need to evaluate whether it is probable that the
counterparty will perform under the contract as part of its ongoing effectiveness assessment for hedge accounting. Therefore, a novation (replacing one
counterparty to a derivative instrument with a new counterparty) of a derivative to a counterparty with a sufficiently high credit risk could still
result in the dedesignation of the hedging relationship. The new guidance, which may be applied either on a prospective 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 11  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

basis or a modified retrospective basis, is effective for public business entities
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. CIT is currently reviewing the impact of adopting this guidance on CIT s financial statement or disclosures.  
   ASU 2016-06 clarifies that in assessing whether an embedded
contingent put or call option is clearly and closely related to the debt host, an entity is required to perform only the four-step decision sequence in
ASC 815, as amended by the ASU. Accordingly, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, there is no requirement that an entity must assess
whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. The new guidance is effective
for public business entities in interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted in any
interim period for which the entity s financial statements have not been issued but would be retroactively applied to the beginning of the year
that includes that interim period. CIT is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on its financial statements and disclosures. 
 
    Equity Method and Joint Ventures  
 
   ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement that an entity
retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting if an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of
ownership or degree of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the
investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment
becomes qualified for equity method accounting. 
 
   For available-for-sale securities that become eligible for the
equity method of accounting, any unrealized gain or loss recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income should be recognized in earnings at the
date the investment initially qualifies for the use of the equity method. 
 
   The new standard should be applied prospectively for investments
that qualify for the equity method of accounting after the effective date. For all entities, public and nonpublic, the new standard is effective for
interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. CIT is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on its
financial statements and disclosures. 
 
    Revenue Recognition  
 
   ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all of the revenue
recognition guidance in GAAP, except as it relates to lease accounting. The core principle of the five-step model is that a company will recognize
revenue when it transfers control of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, many companies will have to make more estimates and use more judgment than they do under current
GAAP. The five-step analysis of transactions, to determine when and how revenue is recognized, includes: 

1.   

Identify the contract with the customer.  

2.   

Identify the performance obligations in the contract.  

3.   

Determine the transaction price.  

4.   

Allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations.  

5.   

Recognize revenue when or as each performance obligation is
satisfied.  

Companies can choose to apply the standard using either the full
retrospective approach or a modified retrospective approach. Under the modified approach, financial statements will be prepared for the year of
adoption using the new standard, but prior periods will not be adjusted. Instead, companies will recognize a cumulative catch-up adjustment to the
opening balance of retained earnings at the effective date for contracts that still require performance by the company and disclose all line items in
the year of adoption as if they were prepared under today s revenue guidance. 
 
   ASU 2015-14 deferred the effective date one year for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period, which means CIT would apply the
standard in their SEC filings for the first quarter of 2018. Public companies that choose full retrospective application will need to apply the
standard to amounts they report for 2016 and 2017 on the face of their full year 2018 financial statements. 
 
   ASU 2016-08 clarifies that when another party, along with the
entity, is involved in providing a good or service to a customer, the entity must determine if the nature of its obligation is to provide a good or
service to a customer (that is, to be a principal) or is to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer (that is, to act as an
agent). When (or as) an entity that is a principal satisfies a performance obligation, the entity recognizes revenue in the gross amount of
consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for the specified good or service transferred to the customer. When (or as) an entity that
is an agent satisfies a performance obligation, the entity recognizes revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled
in exchange for arranging for the specified good or service to be provided by the other party. ASU 2016-08 also amends the principal-versus agent
implementation guidance and illustrations in ASU 2014-09. 
 
   ASU 2016-10 clarifies identifying performance obligations and the
licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas. For identifying performance obligations, the ASU specifies
that an entity is not required to assess whether promised goods or services 

12   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract.
In addition, an entity is permitted to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as an
activity to fulfill the promise to transfer the good rather than as an additional promised service. The ASU also improves the guidance on assessing
whether promises to transfer goods or services are separately identifiable. For licensing implementation, the ASU clarifies the timing of revenue
recognition from a license to intellectual property. In addition, a sales-based or usage-based royalty is promised in exchange for a license and,
therefore, the royalty s recognition constraint applies whenever a license is the sole or predominant item to which the royalty
relates.  
   ASU 2016-11 rescinds certain SEC guidance from the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification in response to announcements made by the SEC staff at the EITF s March 3, 2016, meetings. Specifically, the ASU
supersedes SEC observer comments upon the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on topics related to revenue and expense recognition for freight services in process,
and accounting for shipping and handling fees and costs, consideration given by a vendor to a customer, and gas-balancing
arrangements. 
 
   ASU 2016-12 amends certain aspects of ASU 2014-09, which includes
the following: 

n   

Collectability   ASU 2016-12 clarifies the objective of the
entity s collectability assessment and contains new guidance on when an entity would recognize as revenue consideration it receives if the entity
concludes that collectability is not probable;  

n    

Presentation of sales tax and other similar taxes collected from
customers   Entities are permitted to present revenue net of sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities ( i.e.,  to exclude
from the transaction price sales taxes that meet certain criteria);  

n   

Noncash consideration   An entity s calculation of the
transaction price for contracts containing noncash consideration would include the fair value of the noncash consideration to be received as of the
contract inception date. Further, subsequent changes in the fair value of noncash consideration after contract inception would be subject to the
variable consideration constraint only if the fair value varies for reasons other than its form;  

n   

Contract modifications and completed contracts at transition
  The ASU establishes a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and defines completed contracts as those for which all (or
substantially all) revenue was recognized under the applicable revenue guidance before the new revenue standard was initially applied;  

n   

Transition technical correction   Entities that elect to
use the full retrospective transition method to adopt the new revenue standard would no longer be required to disclose the effect of the change in
accounting principle on the period of adoption; however, entities would still be required to disclose the effects on pre-adoption periods that were
retrospectively adjusted.  

The effective date and transition of ASU 2016-08, 2016-10,
2016-11 and 2016-12 aligns with ASU 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14, effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. 
 
   CIT is currently reviewing the impact of adoption of these ASUs,
the method of adoption and the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 
 
    Stock Compensation  
 
   ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment award transactions to employees, including: 

n   

Requiring companies to record all excess tax benefits and tax
deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; a Company would account for excess tax benefits and deficiencies as discrete
items in the period in which they occur (i.e., they would be excluded from the estimated annual effective tax rate).  

n    

Eliminating the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized
( i.e.,  reduce income taxes payable) before being recognized, and to require excess tax benefits to be presented as an operating activity in the
statement of cash flows.  

n   

Using employee s shares to satisfy the employers 
statutory income tax withholding obligation. The threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax
rates in the applicable jurisdictions. Cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a
financing activity.  

n   

Allowing an entity to make an entity-wide accounting policy
election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur.  

For the amendments that change the recognition and measurement of
share-based payment awards, the new guidance requires transition under a modified retrospective approach, with a cumulative-effect adjustment made to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal period in which the guidance is adopted. Prospective application is required for the accounting for
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies and for use of the practical expedient for estimating the expected term. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 13  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

An entity should apply the new guidance retrospectively for all
periods presented related to the classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares to meet the
minimum statutory withholding requirements. It can elect to apply the new guidance either prospectively or retrospectively, however, to the
presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows. 
 
   The guidance is effective for public entities for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. CIT is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on its financial
statements and disclosures. 
 
    Credit Losses  
 
   ASU 2016-13 introduces a forward-looking  expected
loss  model (the  Current Expected Credit Losses  (CECL) model) to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments and
modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial
assets with credit deterioration since their origination. 
 
    CECL Model  
 
   The CECL model will apply to: (1) financial assets subject to
credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes loans, held-to-maturity debt
securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees, and net investments in leases, as well as reinsurance and trade receivables. Upon initial
recognition of the exposure, the CECL model requires an entity to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure. The estimate of
expected credit losses should consider historical information, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including estimates of
prepayments. Financial instruments with similar risk characteristics should be grouped together when estimating expected credit losses. The ASU does
not prescribe a specific method to make the estimate so its application will require significant judgment. Generally, the initial estimate of the
expected credit losses and subsequent changes in the estimate will be reported in current earnings. The expected credit losses will be recorded through
an allowance for loan and lease losses (ALLL) in the statement of financial position. 
 
    AFS Debt Securities  
 
   The FASB made targeted improvements to the existing
other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) model in ASC 320 for certain AFS debt securities to eliminate the concept of  other-than-temporary 
from that model. The new model will require an estimate of expected credit losses only when the fair value is below the amortized cost of the asset.
The notable changes under the ASU include: 

n   

Use of an ALLL approach (versus permanently writing down the
security s cost basis) for impairment;  

n   

Limit the ALLL to the amount at which the security s fair
value is less than its amortized cost basis;  

n   

Removing the consideration for the length of time fair value has
been less than amortized cost when assessing credit loss;  

n   

Removing the consideration for recoveries in fair value after
the balance sheet date when assessing whether a credit loss exists.  

Purchased Financial Assets with Credit
Deterioration  
 
   The purchased financial assets with credit deterioration (PCD)
model applies to purchased financial assets (measured at amortized cost or AFS) that have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration
since origination. This represents a change from the scope of what are considered purchased credit-impaired (PCI) assets in ASC 310-30 under current
GAAP. The initial estimate of expected credit losses for a PCD would be recognized through an ALLL with an offset to the cost basis of the related
financial asset at acquisition ( i.e.,  increases the cost basis of the asset, the  gross-up  approach with no impact to net income at
initial recognition). Subsequently, the accounting will follow the applicable CECL or AFS debt security impairment model with all adjustments of the
ALLL recognized through earnings. Beneficial interests classified as held-to-maturity or AFS will need to apply the PCD model if the beneficial
interest meets the definition of PCD or if there is a significant difference between contractual and expected cash flows at initial
recognition. 
 
   This guidance also expands the disclosure requirements regarding
an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for estimating the ALLL. In addition, public business entities will need to disclose the amortized
cost balance for each class of financial asset by credit quality indicator, disaggregated by the year of origination ( i.e.,  by vintage
year). 
 
   Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a
cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted
(modified-retrospective approach). A prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an OTTI had been recognized before the
effective date. A prospective transition approach should be used for PCD assets where upon adoption; the amortized cost basis should be adjusted to
reflect the addition of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
   The ASU will be effective in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the guidance will be permitted for all entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. CIT is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on its
financial statements and disclosures. 

14   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Statement of Cash Flows  
 
   FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain
transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The following issues are addressed: 

n   

Issue 1   Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs
  Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities.  

n   

Issue 2   Settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments  
Cash payments for the settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, including other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in
relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, should be classified as cash outflows for operating activities for the portion attributable
to interest and as cash outflows for financing activities for the portion attributable to principal.  

n    

Issue 3   Contingent consideration payments made after a
business combination   Cash payments made soon after an acquisition s consummation date ( i.e. , approximately three months or less)
should be classified as cash outflows for investing activities. Payments made thereafter should be classified as cash outflows for financing activities
up to the amount of the original contingent consideration liability. Payments made in excess of the amount of the original contingent consideration
liability should be classified as cash outflows for operating activities.  

n   

Issue 4   Proceeds from the settlement of insurance claim
  Cash payments received from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the nature of the loss (or each component
loss, if an entity receives a lump-sum settlement).  

n   

Issue 5   Proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned
life insurance ( COLI ) policies, including bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ) policies   Cash payments received from the
settlement of COLI or BOLI policies should be classified as cash inflows from investing activities. Cash payments for premiums on COLI or BOLI policies
may be classified as cash outflows for investing, operating, or a combination of investing and operating activities.  

n   

Issue 6   Distributions received from equity method
investments   The guidance provides an accounting policy election for classifying distributions received from equity method investments. Such
amounts can be classified using a 1) cumulative earnings approach, or 2) nature of distribution (or  look-through ) approach.  

Under the cumulative earnings approach,
an investor would compare the distributions received to its cumulative equity-method earnings since inception. Any distributions received up to the
amount of cumulative equity earnings would be considered a return on investment and classified in operating activities. Any excess distributions would
be considered a return of investment and classified in investing activities. 
 
   Alternatively, an investor can choose to
classify the distributions based on the nature of activities of the investee that generated the distribution. If the necessary information is
subsequently not available for an investee to determine the nature of the activities, the entity should use the cumulative earnings approach for that
investee and report a change in accounting principle on a retrospective basis. 

n   

Issue 7   Beneficial interests in securitization
transactions   A transferor s beneficial interest obtained in a securitization of financial assets should be disclosed as a noncash activity.
Cash receipts from a transferor s beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables should be classified as cash inflows from investing
activities.  

n   

Issue 8   Separately identifiable cash flows and
application of the predominance principle   Entities should use reasonable judgment to separate cash flows. In the absence of specific guidance,
an entity should classify each separately identifiable cash source and use on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows. For cash flows with
aspects of more than one class that cannot be separated, the classification should be based on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source
or use of cash flow.  

The ASU will be effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. CIT is currently evaluating the impact of the above
eight issues identified on its cash flow statement and related disclosures. 
 
    NOTE 2   ACQUISITION AND DISPOSITION
ACTIVITIES  
 
    ACQUISITION  
 
   During 2015, the Company completed the following significant
business acquisition. 
 
    OneWest Transaction  
 
   Effective August 3, 2015, CIT acquired IMB HoldCo, LLC
( IMB ), the parent company of OneWest Bank. CIT Bank, a Utah-state chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of CIT, merged with and into
OneWest Bank, with OneWest Bank surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of CIT with the name CIT Bank, National Association. CIT paid approximately $3.4
billion as consideration, comprised of approximately $1.9 billion in cash proceeds, approximately 30.9 million shares of CIT Group Inc. common stock
(valued at approximately $1.5 billion at the time of closing), and approximately 168,000 restricted stock units of CIT (valued at approximately $8
million at the time of closing). Total consideration also included $116 million of cash retained by CIT as a holdback for certain potential liabilities
relating to IMB and $2 million of cash for expenses of the holders  representative. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination,
subject to the provisions of ASC 805-10-50, Business Combinations. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 15  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The acquisition added approximately $21.8 billion of assets, and
$18.4 billion of liabilities to CIT s Consolidated Balance Sheet and 70 branches in Southern California. Primary reasons for the acquisition
included advancing CIT s bank deposit strategy, expanding the Company s products and services offered to small and middle market customers,
and improving CIT s competitive position in the financial services industry. 
 
    DISCONTINUED OPERATION  
 
    Reverse Mortgage Servicing  
 
   The Financial Freedom business, a division of CIT Bank (formerly
a division of OneWest Bank) that services reverse mortgage loans, was acquired in conjunction with the OneWest Transaction. Pursuant to ASC 205-20, the
Financial Freedom business is reflected as discontinued operations. The business includes the entire third party servicing of reverse mortgage
operations, which consist of personnel, systems and servicing assets. The assets of discontinued operations primarily include Home Equity Conversion
Mortgage ( HECM ) loans and servicing advances. The liabilities of discontinued operations include reverse mortgage servicing liabilities,
which relates primarily to loans serviced for third party investors, secured borrowings and contingent liabilities. In addition, continuing operations
includes a portfolio of reverse mortgages, which are recorded in the Legacy Consumer Mortgage division of the Consumer and Community Banking segment,
and are serviced by Financial Freedom. Based on the Company s assessment of market and third party data, the Company recorded an impairment charge
of $19 million to increase the servicing liability to $29 million at September 30, 2016, as compared to $10 million at December 31,
2015. 
 
   As a mortgage servicer of residential reverse mortgage loans, the
Company is exposed to contingent liabilities for breaches of servicer obligations as set forth in industry regulations established by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) and the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) and in servicing agreements with the
applicable counterparties, such as third party investors. Under these agreements, the servicer may be liable for failure to perform its servicing
obligations, which could include fees imposed for failure to comply with foreclosure timeframe requirements established by servicing guides and
agreements to which CIT is a party as the servicer of the loans. The Company has established reserves for contingent servicing-related liabilities
associated with discontinued operations. 
 
   As disclosed in CIT s Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015, CIT
determined that there was a material weakness related to the HECM interest curtailment reserve included in the contingent servicing-related liability
associated with this business. During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, as a result of the ongoing review to remediate the material weakness and taking
into consideration the investigation being conducted by the Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) for HUD, the Company recorded additional
reserves, due to a change in estimate, of approximately $230 million, which is net of a corresponding increase in the indemnification receivable from
the FDIC noted in the paragraph below. 
 
   No additional net reserves were recorded to the interest
curtailment reserve in the third quarter. However, in preparing the interim financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company
discovered and corrected an error, which was determined to be immaterial to the current and prior quarters, resulting in a $10 million pre-tax
overstatement of the interest curtailment reserve that should have been recorded in the prior quarter, which was offset by other increases to the
reserve resulting from the Company s quarterly reserving process. While the Company believes that such accrued liabilities are adequate, it is
reasonably possible that such liabilities could ultimately exceed the Company s reserve for probable and reasonably estimable losses by up to $5
million as of September 30, 2016, which decreased by $35 million from December 31, 2015. 
 
   A corresponding indemnification receivable from the FDIC of $102
million and $66 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, was recognized for the loans covered by indemnification agreements
with the FDIC reported in continuing operations. The indemnification receivable is measured using the same assumptions used to measure the indemnified
item (contingent liability) subject to management s assessment of the collectability of the indemnification asset and any contractual limitations
on the indemnified amount. 
 
      Condensed Balance Sheet of Discontinued Operation  (dollars in millions)    

(2)     

Amount includes servicing advances, servicer receivables and
property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation.   

(3)     

Other liabilities include contingent liabilities, reverse
mortgage servicing liabilities and other accrued liabilities.   

16   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The results from discontinued operations for the quarter and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented below. The three-month and nine-month results for 2016 include full period results while the
three-month and nine-month results for 2015 include only the results of discontinued operations for a partial period in the third quarter of 2015 in
connection with the OneWest Transaction for Financial Freedom. 
 
      Condensed
                                         Statements of Operations  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Includes amortization for the premium associated with the HECM
loans and related secured borrowings.   

(2)     

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, other income (loss)
includes a $19 million impairment charge to the servicing liability related to our reverse mortgage servicing operations.   

(3)     

For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
operating expense is comprised of $5.1 million and $11 million, respectively, in salaries and benefits, $6.6 million and $16.1 million, respectively,
in professional and legal services, and $3.2 million and $10.5 million, respectively, for other expenses such as data processing, premises and
equipment, and miscellaneous charges. In addition, operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a one-time increase to the
servicing-related reserve of approximately $230 million due to a change in estimate, which is net of a corresponding increase in the indemnification
receivable from the FDIC. For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015, operating expense is comprised of $4.4 million in salaries and
benefits, $2.8 million in professional services and $4.6 million for other expenses such as data processing, premises and equipment, legal settlement,
and miscellaneous charges.   

(4)     

For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company s tax rate for discontinued operations is 38% and 30%, respectively. For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company s tax rate for discontinued operations is 36.5%.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 17  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Condensed
                                         Statement of Cash Flows  (dollars in millions)    

NOTE 3   LOANS  
 
   The following tables and data as of September 30, 2016 include
the loan balances acquired in the OneWest Transaction, which were recorded at fair value at the time of the acquisition (August 3, 2015). See  Note 2
  Acquisition and Disposition Activities  in the Company s Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for
details of the OneWest Transaction. 
 
   Finance receivables, excluding those reflected as discontinued
operations, consist of the following: 
 
      Finance
                                         Receivables by Product  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Assets held for sale on the Balance Sheet at September 30,
2016 includes finance receivables and operating lease equipment primarily related to portfolios in Canada, China, Business Air and Commercial Air. As
discussed in subsequent tables, since the Company manages the credit risk and collections of finance receivables held for sale consistently with its
finance receivables held for investment, the aggregate amount is presented in this table.    

The following table presents finance receivables by segment,
based on obligor location: 
 
      Finance
                                         Receivables  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

The Consumer and Community Banking segment includes certain
commercial loans, primarily consisting of a portfolio of Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. These loans are excluded from the Consumer loan
balance and included in the Commercial loan balances in the tables throughout this note.   

The following table presents selected components of the net
investment in finance receivables: 
 
      Components
                                         of Net Investment in Finance Receivables  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Balance relates to Commercial Banking and Transportation
Finance segments.   

Certain of the following tables present credit-related
information at the  class  level in accordance with ASC 310-10-50, Disclosures about the Credit Quality of Finance Receivables and the
Allowance for Credit Losses. A class is generally a disaggregation of a portfolio segment. In determining the classes, CIT considered the finance
receivable characteristics and methods it applies in monitoring and assessing credit risk and performance. 
 
    Credit Quality Information  
 
   Commercial obligor risk ratings are reviewed on a regular basis
by Credit Risk Management and are adjusted as necessary for updated information affecting the borrowers  ability to fulfill their
obligations. 

18   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The definitions of the commercial loan ratings are as
follows: 

n   

Pass   finance receivables in this category do not meet the
criteria for classification in one of the categories below.  

n   

Special mention   a special mention asset exhibits
potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may, at some future date, result
in the deterioration of the repayment prospects.  

n   

Classified   a classified asset ranges from: (1) assets
that exhibit a well-defined weakness and are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower, and are
characterized by the distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if the deficiencies are not corrected to (2) assets with weaknesses that
make collection or liquidation in full unlikely on the basis of current facts, conditions, and values. Assets in this classification can be accruing or
on non-accrual depending on the evaluation of these factors.  

The following table summarizes commercial finance receivables by
the risk ratings that bank regulatory agencies utilize to classify credit exposure and which are consistent with indicators the Company monitors. The
consumer loan risk profiles are different from commercial loans, and use loan-to-value ( LTV ) ratios in rating the credit quality, and
therefore are presented separately below.  
 
      Commercial
                                         Finance and Held for Sale Receivables   Risk Rating by Class / Segment  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

The Consumer and Community Banking segment includes certain
commercial loans, primarily consisting of a portfolio of Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. These loans are excluded from the Consumer loan
balance and included in the Commercial loan balances.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 19  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

For consumer loans, the Company monitors credit risk based on
indicators such as delinquencies and LTV, which the Company believes are relevant credit quality indicators. 
 
   LTV refers to the ratio comparing the loan s unpaid
principal balance to the property s collateral value. We examine LTV migration and stratify LTV into categories to monitor the risk in the loan
classes. 
 
   The following table provides a summary of the consumer portfolio
credit quality. The amounts represent the carrying value, which differ from unpaid principal balances, and include the premiums or discounts and the
accretable yield and non-accretable difference for PCI loans recorded in purchase accounting. Included in the consumer finance receivables are
 covered loans  for which the Company can be reimbursed for a substantial portion of future losses under the terms of loss sharing agreements
with the FDIC if losses occur within the indemnification period. Covered loans are discussed further in  Note 5   Indemnification
Assets.  
 
   Included in the consumer loan balances as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, were loans with terms that permitted negative amortization with an unpaid principal balance of $813 million and $966 million,
respectively.  
 
      Consumer
                                         Loan LTV Distribution  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Certain Consumer Loans do not have LTV s, including the
Credit Card portfolio.   

Covered loans are limited to the Consumer and Community Banking
segment. The following table summarizes the covered loans (single family residential and reverse mortgages) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 
 
      Covered
                                         Loans  (dollars in millions)    

20   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Past Due and Non-accrual Loans  
 
   The table that follows presents portfolio delinquency status,
regardless of accrual/non-accrual classification: 
 
      Past
                                         Due Finance and Held for Sale Receivables  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Due to their nature, reverse mortgage loans are included in
Current, as they do not have contractual payments due at a specified time.   

(2)     

PCI loans are written down at acquisition to their fair value
using an estimate of cash flows deemed to be collectible. Accordingly, such loans are no longer classified as past due or non-accrual even though they
may be contractually past due as we expect to fully collect the new carrying values of these loans.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 21  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Non-accrual loans include loans that are individually evaluated
and determined to be impaired (generally loans with balances greater than $500,000), as well as other, smaller balance loans placed on non-accrual due
to delinquency (generally 90 days or more for smaller commercial loans and 120 or more days regarding real estate mortgage loans). 
 
   Certain loans 90 days or more past due as to interest or
principal are still accruing, because they are (1) well-secured and in the process of collection or (2) real estate mortgage loans or consumer loans
exempt under regulatory rules from being classified as nonaccrual until later delinquency, usually 120 days past due. 
 
   The following table sets forth non-accrual loans, assets received
in satisfaction of loans (OREO and repossessed assets) and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing. 
 
      Finance
                                         Receivables on Non-Accrual Status  (dollars in millions)    

Payments received on non-accrual financing receivables are
generally applied first against outstanding principal, though in certain instances where the remaining recorded investment is deemed fully collectible,
interest income is recognized on a cash basis. Reverse mortgages are not included in the non-accrual balances. 
 
   The table below summarizes the residential mortgage loans in the
process of foreclosure and OREO: 
 
      Loans
                                         in Process of Foreclosure  (dollars in millions)    

Impaired Loans  
 
   The Company s policy is to review for impairment finance
receivables greater than $500,000 that are on non-accrual status. Consumer and small-ticket loan and lease receivables that have not been modified in a
restructuring, as well as short-term factoring receivables, are included (if appropriate) in the reported non-accrual balances above, but are excluded
from the impaired finance receivables disclosure below as charge-offs are typically determined and recorded for such loans when they are more than 90
  150 days past due. 

22   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table contains information about impaired finance
receivables and the related allowance for loan losses by class, exclusive of finance receivables that were identified as impaired at the date of the
OneWest Transaction (the  Acquisition Date ) for which the Company is applying the income recognition and disclosure guidance in ASC 310-30
( Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality ), which are disclosed further below in this note. Impaired loans exclude
PCI loans. 
 
      Impaired
                                         Loans  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Interest
     income recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 while the loans
     were impaired were $0.5 million, $1.4 million and $1.5 million of which $0.2 million, $0.6 million and $0.5 million was
     interest recognized using cash-basis method of accounting, respectively. Interest income recorded for the three and nine
     months ended September 30, 2015 while the loans were impaired were $0.2 million and $0.8 million of which $0.1 million was
     interest recognized using cash-basis method of accounting.   

(2)     

Details of finance receivables that were identified as
impaired at the Acquisition Date are presented under Loans Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 23  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Impairment occurs when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that CIT will be unable to collect all amounts due according to contractual terms of the agreement. For commercial loans, the Company
has established review and monitoring procedures designed to identify, as early as possible, customers that are experiencing financial difficulty.
Credit risk is captured and analyzed based on the Company s internal probability of obligor default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) ratings. A
PD rating is determined by evaluating borrower credit-worthiness, including analyzing credit history, financial condition, cash flow adequacy,
financial performance and management quality. An LGD rating is predicated on transaction structure, collateral valuation and related guarantees or
recourse. Further, related considerations in determining probability of collection include the following: 

n   

Instances where the primary source of payment is no longer
sufficient to repay the loan in accordance with terms of the related loan document;  

n   

Lack of current financial data related to the borrower or
guarantor;  

n   

Delinquency status of the loan;  

n   

Borrowers experiencing problems, such as operating losses,
marginal working capital, inadequate cash flow, excessive financial leverage or business interruptions;  

n   

Loans secured by collateral that is not readily marketable or
that has experienced or is susceptible to deterioration in realizable value; and  

n   

Loans to borrowers in industries or countries experiencing
severe economic instability.  

Impairment is measured as the shortfall between estimated value
and recorded investment in the finance receivable. A specific allowance or charge-off is recorded for the shortfall. In instances where the estimated
value exceeds the recorded investment, no specific allowance is recorded. The estimated value is determined using fair value of collateral and other
cash flows if the finance receivable is collateralized, the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the contract s effective
interest rate, or market price. A shortfall between the estimated value and recorded investment in the finance receivable is reported in the provision
for credit losses. In instances when the Company measures impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows, the change in present
value is reported in the provision for credit losses. 
 
   The following summarizes key elements of the Company s
policy regarding the determination of collateral fair value in the measurement of impairment: 

n   

Orderly liquidation value  is the basis for
collateral valuation;  

n   

Appraisals are updated annually or more often as market
conditions warrant; and  

n   

Appraisal values are discounted in the determination of
impairment if the:  

n   

appraisal does not reflect current market conditions;
or  

n   

collateral consists of inventory, accounts receivable, or other
forms of collateral that may become difficult to locate, or collect or may be subject to pilferage in a liquidation.  

Loans Acquired with Deteriorated Credit
Quality  
 
   For purposes of this presentation, the Company is applying the
income recognition and disclosure guidance in ASC 310-30 ( Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality ) to loans that
were identified as impaired as of the Acquisition Date. PCI loans were initially recorded at estimated fair value with no allowance for loan losses
carried over, since the initial fair values reflected credit losses expected to be incurred over the remaining lives of the loans. The acquired loans
are subject to the Company s internal credit review. See  Note 4   Allowance for Loan Losses . 
 
      Purchased
                                         Credit Impaired Loans  (1)    (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

PCI loans from prior transactions were not significant and are
not included.   

24   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Purchased
                                         Credit Impaired Loans  (1)    (dollars in millions) (continued)  

(1)     

PCI loans from prior transactions were not significant and are
not included.   

The following table summarizes commercial PCI loans within
Commercial Banking, which are monitored for credit quality based on internal risk classifications. See previous table  Consumer Loan LTV
Distributions  for credit quality metrics on consumer PCI loans. 

Non-criticized loans generally include loans that are expected to
be repaid in accordance with contractual loan terms. Criticized loans are risk rated as special mention or classified. 
 
    Accretable Yield  
 
   The excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the
recorded investment (estimated fair value at acquisition) of the PCI loans represents the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income on an
effective yield basis over the remaining life of the loan, or pools of loans. The accretable yield is adjusted for changes in interest rate indices for
variable rate PCI loans, changes in prepayment assumptions and changes in expected principal and interest payments and collateral values. Further, if a
loan within a pool of loans is modified, the modified loan remains part of the pool of loans. The difference between the cash flows contractually
required to be paid, measured as of the Acquisition Date, over the expected cash flows is referred to as the non-accretable
difference. 
 
   Subsequent to acquisition, we evaluate our estimates of the cash
flows expected to be collected on a quarterly basis. Probable and significant decreases in expected cash flows as a result of further credit
deterioration result in a charge to the provision for credit losses and a corresponding increase to the allowance for credit losses. Probable and
significant increases in expected cash flows due to improved credit quality result in reversal of any previously recorded allowance for loan losses, to
the extent applicable, and an increase in the accretable yield applied prospectively for any remaining increase. Changes in expected cash flows caused
by changes in market interest rates or by prepayments are recognized as adjustments to the accretable yield on a prospective basis. 
 
   Changes in the accretable yield for PCI loans are summarized
below. 

(1)     

Balance at August 3, 2015 reflects reclassification of certain
PCI loans and measurement period adjustments. Refer to the Company s December 31, 2015 Form 10-K for further discussion.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 25  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Troubled Debt Restructurings  
 
   The Company periodically modifies the terms of finance
receivables in response to borrowers  difficulties. Modifications that include a financial concession to the borrower are accounted for as
troubled debt restructurings (TDRs). 
 
   CIT uses a consistent methodology across all loans to determine
if a modification is with a borrower that has been determined to be in financial difficulty and was granted a concession. Specifically, the
Company s policies on TDR identification include the following examples of indicators used to determine whether the borrower is in financial
difficulty: 

n   

Borrower is in default with CIT or other material
creditor  

n   

Borrower has declared bankruptcy  

n   

Growing doubt about the borrower s ability to continue as a
going concern  

n   

Borrower has (or is expected to have) insufficient cash flow to
service debt  

n   

Borrower is de-listing its securities  

n   

Borrower s inability to obtain funds from other
sources  

n   

Breach of financial covenants by the borrower.  

If the borrower is determined to be in financial difficulty, then
CIT utilizes the following criteria to determine whether a concession has been granted to the borrower: 

n   

Assets used to satisfy debt are less than CIT s recorded
investment in the receivable  

n   

Modification of terms   interest rate changed to below
market rate  

n   

Maturity date extension at an interest rate less than market
rate  

n   

The borrower does not otherwise have access to funding for debt
with similar risk characteristics in the market at the restructured rate and terms  

n   

Capitalization of interest  

n   

Increase in interest reserves  

n   

Conversion of credit to Payment-In-Kind (PIK)  

n   

Delaying principal and/or interest for a period of three months
or more  

n   

Partial forgiveness of the balance.  

Modified loans that meet the definition of a TDR are subject to
the Company s standard impaired loan policy, namely that non-accrual loans in excess of $500,000 are individually reviewed for impairment, while
non-accrual loans less than $500,000 are considered as part of homogenous pools and are included in the determination of the non-specific
allowance. 
 
   We may require some consumer borrowers experiencing financial
difficulty to make trial payments generally for a period of three to four months, according to the terms of a planned permanent modification, to
determine if they can perform according to those terms. These arrangements represent trial modifications, which we classify and account for as TDRs.
While loans are in trial payment programs, their original terms are not considered modified and they continue to advance through delinquency status and
accrue interest according to their original terms. The planned modifications for these arrangements predominantly involve interest rate reductions or
other interest rate concessions; however, the exact concession type and resulting financial effect are usually not finalized and do not take effect
until the loan is permanently modified. The trial period terms are developed in accordance with our proprietary programs or the U.S. Treasury s
Making Homes Affordable ( MHA ) programs for real estate 1-4 family first lien ( i.e.,  Home Affordable Modification Program  
HAMP) and junior lien (i.e., Second Lien Modification Program   2MP) mortgage loans. HAMP and other MHA programs are set to expire on December 31,
2016 (the last day to submit an application). 
 
   At September 30, 2016, the loans in trial modification period
were $37.8 million under HAMP, $0.3 million under 2MP and $4.7 million under proprietary programs. Trial modifications with a recorded investment of
$41.9 million at September 30, 2016 were accruing loans and $0.9 million were non-accruing loans. At December 31, 2015, the loans in trial modification
period were $26.2 million under HAMP, $0.1 million under 2MP and $5.2 million under proprietary programs. Trial modifications with a recorded
investment of $31.4 million at December 31, 2015 were accruing loans and $0.1 million were non-accruing loans. Our experience is that substantially all
of the mortgages that enter a trial payment period program are successful in completing the program requirements and are then permanently modified at
the end of the trial period. Our allowance process considers the impact of those modifications that are probable to occur. 
 
   The recorded investment of TDRs, excluding those classified as
PCI, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $62.2 million and $40.2 million, of which 87% and 63%, respectively, were on non-accrual.
Commercial Banking, NSP and Consumer and Community Banking receivables accounted for 74%, 7% and 18% of the total TDRs, respectively, at September 30,
2016. Commercial Banking and Transportation Finance receivables accounted for 61% and 26% of the total TDRs, respectively at December 31, 2015. There
were $4.8 million and $1.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers
whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs. 

26   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The recorded investment related to modifications
                qualifying as TDRs that occurred during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $39.4 million and $17.3 million,
                respectively, and $58.1 million and $20.1 million for the nine month periods, respectively. The recorded investment as of
                September 30, 2016 and 2015 of                 TDRs that experience a payment default (payment default is one missed
                payment),                 during                 the                 quarters ended September 30, 2016                 and
                2015, and for which the                 payment default occurred                 within one year of the
                modification totaled $10.5 million and $0.4                 million, respectively, and                 $12.6 million and $4.5
                million for the                 nine month periods,                 respectively. The defaults that
                occurred during the current quarter and year to date                        related to Commercial Banking, Consumer and
                Community                 Banking                 and Non-Strategic Portfolios                 and the September
                30, 2015 defaults related to                 Commercial Banking and Non-Strategic                 Portfolios. 
 
   The financial impact of the various modification strategies that
the Company employs in response to borrower difficulties is described below. While the discussion focuses on the 2016 amounts, the overall nature and
impact of modification programs were comparable in the prior year. 

n   

The nature of modifications qualifying as TDR s based upon
recorded investment at September 30, 2016 was comprised of payment deferrals for 14% and covenant relief and/or other for 86%. December 31, 2015 TDR
recorded investment was comprised of payment deferrals for 13% and covenant relief and/or other for 87%.  

n   

Payment deferrals result in lower net present value of cash
flows, if not accompanied by additional interest or fees, and increased provision for credit losses to the extent applicable. The financial impact of
these modifications is not significant given the moderate length of deferral periods;  

n   

Interest rate reductions result in lower amounts of interest
being charged to the customer, but are a relatively small part of the Company s restructuring programs. Additionally, in some instances,
modifications improve the Company s economic return through increased interest rates and fees, but are reported as TDRs due to assessments
regarding the borrowers  ability to independently obtain similar funding in the market and assessments of the relationship between modified rates
and terms and comparable market rates and terms. The weighted average change in interest rates for all TDRs occurring during the quarters ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant;  

n   

Debt forgiveness, or the reduction in amount owed by borrower,
results in incremental provision for credit losses, in the form of higher charge-offs. While these types of modifications have the greatest individual
impact on the allowance, the amounts of principal forgiveness for TDRs occurring during quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant,
as debt forgiveness is a relatively small component of the Company s modification programs; and  

n   

The other elements of the Company s modification programs
that are not TDRs, do not have a significant impact on financial results given their relative size, or do not have a direct financial impact, as in the
case of covenant changes.  

Reverse Mortgages  
 
   Consumer loans within continuing operations include an
outstanding balance of $868.9 million and $897.3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to the reverse mortgage
portfolio, of which $779.6 million and $812.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, was uninsured. Reverse mortgage loans
are contracts in which a homeowner borrows against the equity in their home and receives cash in one lump sum payment, a line of credit or fixed
monthly payments for either a specific term or for as long as the homeowner lives in the home, or a combination of these options. Reverse mortgages
feature no recourse to the borrower, no required repayment during the borrower s occupancy of the home (as long as the borrower complies with the
terms of the mortgage), and, in the event of foreclosure, a repayment amount cannot exceed the lesser of either the unpaid principal balance of the
loan or the proceeds recovered upon sale of the home. The mortgage balance consists of cash advanced, interest compounded over the life of the loan,
capitalized mortgage insurance premiums, and other servicing advances capitalized into the loan. 
 
   The uninsured reverse mortgage portfolio consists of
approximately 1,800 loans with an average borrowers  age of 83 years old and an unpaid principal balance of $1,051.5 million at September 30,
2016. At December 31, 2015, the uninsured reverse mortgage portfolio consisted of approximately 1,960 loans with an average borrowers  age of 82
years old and an unpaid principal balance of $1,113.4 million. The realizable collateral value (the lower of the collectible principal and interest or
the estimated value of the home) exceeds the outstanding book balance at September 30, 2016. 
 
   Reverse mortgage loans were recorded at fair value on the
Acquisition Date. Subsequent to that, we account for uninsured reverse mortgages, which are the majority of the total, in accordance with the
instructions provided by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) entitled  Accounting for Pools of Uninsured Residential Reverse
Mortgage Contracts.  Refer to Note 1 of the Company s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. To determine the
carrying value of these reverse mortgages as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company used a proprietary model which uses actual cash
flow information, actuarially determined mortality assumptions, likelihood of 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 27  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

prepayments, and estimated future collateral values (determined by applying
externally published market index). In addition, drivers of cash flows include:  

1)   

Mobility rates   We used the actuarial estimates of contract
termination using the Society of Actuaries mortality tables, adjusted for expected prepayments and relocations.  

2)   

Home Price Appreciation   Consistent with other projections
from various market sources, we use the Moody s baseline forecast at a regional level to estimate home price appreciation on a loan-level
basis.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s estimated future
advances to reverse mortgagors are as follows: 
 
      Future
                                         Advances  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

This table does not take into consideration cash inflows
including payments from mortgagors or payoffs based on contractual terms.   

(2)     

This table includes the reverse mortgages supported by the
Company as a result of the IndyMac loss-share agreements with the FDIC. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is responsible for funding up to a
remaining $54 million of the total amount. Refer to Note 5  Indemnification Asset for more information on this agreement and the Company s
responsibilities toward this reverse mortgage portfolio.   

Serviced Loans  
 
   In conjunction with the OneWest Transaction, the Company services
HECM reverse mortgage loans sold to Agencies (Fannie Mae) and securitized into GNMA HMBS pools. HECM loans transferred into the HMBS program have not
met all the requirements for sale accounting, and therefore, the Company has accounted for these transfers as a financing transaction with the loans
remaining on the Company s statement of financial position and the proceeds received are recorded as a secured borrowing. The pledged loans and
secured borrowings are reported in Assets of discontinued operations and Liabilities of discontinued operations, respectively. See  Note 2  
Acquisition and Disposition Activities . 
 
   As servicer of HECM loans, the Company is required to repurchase
loans out of the HMBS pool upon completion of foreclosure or once the outstanding principal balance is equal to or greater than 98% of the maximum
claim amount. Although permitted under the GNMA HMBS program, the Company does not conduct optional repurchases upon the loan reaching a maturity event
( i.e. , borrower s death or the property ceases to be the borrower s principal residence). These HECM loans are repurchased at a price
equal to the unpaid principal balance outstanding on the loan plus accrued interest. The repurchase transaction represents extinguishment of debt. As a
result, the HECM loan basis and accounting methodology (retrospective effective interest) would carry forward. However, if the Company classifies these
repurchased loans as AHFS, that classification would result in a new accounting methodology. Loans classified as AHFS are carried at LOCOM pending
assignment to the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ). Loans classified as HFI are not assignable to HUD and are subject to
periodic impairment assessment. 
 
   In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased
$22.5 million (unpaid principal balance) of additional HECM loans, of which $16.0 million were classified as AHFS and the remaining $6.5 million were
classified as HFI. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an outstanding balance of $122.0 million of HECM loans, of which $32.8 million (unpaid
principal balance) is classified as AHFS with a remaining purchase discount of $0.1 million and $70.8 million is classified as HFI accounted for as PCI
loans with an associated remaining purchase discount of $9.8 million. Serviced loans also include $28.3 million that are classified as HFI, which are
accounted for under the effective yield method, with no remaining purchase discount. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had an outstanding balance of
$118.1 million of HECM loans, of which $20.2 million (unpaid principal balance) were classified as AHFS with a remaining purchase discount of $0.1
million, $87.6 million were classified as HFI accounted for as PCI loans with an associated remaining purchase discount of $13.2 million. Serviced
loans also included $10.3 million that were classified as HFI, accounted for under the effective yield method and have no remaining purchase
discount. 
 
    NOTE 4   ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  
 
   The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses for estimated
credit losses in its HFI loan portfolio. The allowance is adjusted through a provision for credit losses, which is charged against current period
earnings, and reduced by any charge-offs for losses, net of recoveries. 
 
   The Company maintains a separate reserve for credit losses on
off-balance sheet commitments, which is reported in Other Liabilities. Off-balance sheet credit exposures include items such as unfunded loan
commitments, issued standby letters of credit and deferred purchase agreements. The Company s methodology for assessing the appropriateness of
this reserve is similar to the allowance process for outstanding loans. 

28   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Allowance
                                         for Loan Losses and Recorded Investment in Finance Receivables  (dollars in millions)  

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 29  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Allowance
                                         for Loan Losses and Recorded Investment in Finance Receivables  (dollars in millions)
                                         (continued)      

(1)     

Other reserves  represents additional credit loss
reserves for unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit and for deferred purchase agreements, all of which is recorded in Other liabilities.
 Other  also includes changes relating to loans that were charged off and reimbursed by the FDIC under the indemnification provided by the
FDIC, sales and foreign currency translations.   

(2)     

Gross charge-offs of amounts specifically reserved in prior
periods that were charged directly to the Allowance for loan losses included $4 million and $27 million, for the quarter and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, and $12 million and $17 million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The current quarter
charge-offs related to Commercial Banking for all periods. The prior year quarter charge-offs related to Commercial Banking. The prior year to date
charge-offs related to Commercial Banking, and Non-Strategic Portfolios.   

(3)     

Represents loans considered impaired as part of the OneWest
transaction and are accounted for under the guidance in ASC 310-30 (Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality).

NOTE 5   INDEMNIFICATION ASSETS  
 
   The Company acquired the indemnifications provided by the FDIC
under the loss sharing agreements from previous transactions entered into by OneWest Bank. The loss share agreements with the FDIC relates to the
FDIC-assisted transactions of IndyMac in March 2009 ( IndyMac Transaction ), First Federal in December 2009 ( First Federal
Transaction ) and La Jolla in February 2010 ( La Jolla Transaction ). Eligible losses are submitted to the FDIC for reimbursement when a
qualifying loss event occurs ( e.g.,  loan modification, charge-off of loan balance or liquidation of collateral). Reimbursements approved by the
FDIC are received usually within 60 days of submission. 
 
   In connection with the IndyMac, First Federal and La Jolla
Transactions, the FDIC indemnified the Company against certain future losses for covered loans. For the IndyMac Transaction, First Federal Transaction
and La Jolla Transaction, the loss share agreement covering SFR mortgage loans is set to expire March 2019, December 2019 and February 2020,
respectively. In addition, in connection with the IndyMac Transaction, the Company recorded an indemnification receivable for estimated reimbursements
due from the FDIC for loss exposure arising from breach in origination and servicing obligations associated with covered reverse mortgage loans sold to
the Agencies prior to March 2009 pursuant to the loss share agreement with the FDIC. 
 
   Below provides the carrying value of the recognized
indemnification assets and related receivable/payable balance with the FDIC associated with indemnified losses under the IndyMac and La Jolla
Transactions as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 
      Indemnification
                                         Assets  (dollars in millions)    

30   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Indemnification
                                         Assets  (dollars in millions) (continued)   

(1)     

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the IndyMac
loan indemnification decreased by $89.6 million from December 31, 2015, which is comprised of $69.1 million in claim submissions filed with the FDIC
during the period and $20.5 million in other (yield and provision for credit losses adjustments).   

(2)     

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the IndyMac
agency claims indemnification increased by $36.9 million from December 31, 2015, which is primarily attributable to an increase in the amount of
servicing-related obligations covered by the loss share agreement related to reverse mortgage loans.    

The Company separately recognizes a net receivable (recorded in
other assets) for the claim submissions filed with the FDIC and a net payable (recorded in other liabilities) for the remittances due to the FDIC for
previously submitted claims that were later recovered by investor ( e.g. , guarantor payments, recoveries). 
 
    IndyMac Transaction  
 
   There are three components to the IndyMac indemnification program
described below: 1. Single family residential ( SFR ) Mortgages, 2. Reverse Mortgages, and 3. Certain Servicing Obligations. 
 
    SFR Mortgages Indemnification Asset  
 
   The FDIC indemnifies the Company against certain credit losses on
SFR mortgage loans based on specified thresholds. Prior to the OneWest acquisition, the cumulative losses of the SFR portfolio exceeded the First Loss
Tranche ($2.551 billion) with the excess losses reimbursed 80% by the FDIC. As of September 30, 2016, the Company projects the cumulative losses will
reach the final loss threshold of  meets or exceeds stated threshold  ($3.826 billion) in July 2017 at which time the excess losses will be
reimbursed 95% by the FDIC. 
 
   The following table summarizes the submission of qualifying
losses (net of recoveries) for reimbursement from the FDIC since inception of the loss share agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively: 
 
      Submission
                                         of Qualifying Losses for Reimbursement  (dollars in millions)  

Reverse Mortgages Indemnification Asset  
 
   The FDIC indemnifies the Company against losses on the first
$200.0 million of funds advanced post March 2009, and to fund any advances above $200.0 million. 
 
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $145.7 million
and $152.4 million, respectively, had been advanced on the reverse mortgage loans post March 2009. Prior to the OneWest acquisition, the cumulative
loss submissions and reimbursements totaled $1.8 million from the FDIC. From August 3, 2015 (the acquisition date of OneWest Bank) through September
30, 2016, the Company was reimbursed $1.2 million from the FDIC for the cumulative losses incurred. 
 
    Indemnification from Certain Servicing
Obligations  
 
   Subject to certain requirements and limitations, the FDIC agreed
to indemnify the Company, among other things, for third party claims from the Agencies related to the selling representations and warranties of Indy
Mac as well as liabilities arising from the acts or omissions, including, without limitation, breaches of servicer obligations of IndyMac for SFR
mortgage loans and reverse mortgage loans as follows: 
 
    SFR mortgage loans sold to the Agencies  
 
   The FDIC indemnification for third party claims by the Agencies
for servicer obligations expired as of the acquisition date; however, for any claims, issues or matters relating to the servicing obligations that are
known or identified as of the end of the expired term, the FDIC indemnification protection continues until resolution of such claims, issues or
matters. 
 
   The Company had no submitted claims from acquisition date through
September 30, 2016. Prior to the OneWest acquisition, the cumulative loss submissions and reimbursements totaled $5.7 million from the FDIC to cover
third party claims made by the Agencies for SFR loans. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 31  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Reverse mortgage loans sold to the
Agencies  
 
   The FDIC indemnifies the Company through March 2019 for third
party claims made by the Agencies relating to any liabilities or obligations imposed on the seller of HECM loans acquired by the Agencies from IndyMac
resulting from servicing errors or servicing obligations prior to March 2009. 
 
   The Company had submitted $0.2 million in claims from acquisition
date through September 30, 2016. Prior to the OneWest acquisition, the cumulative loss submissions totaled $11.2 million and reimbursements totaled
$10.7 million from the FDIC to cover third party claims made by the Agencies for reverse mortgage loans. 
 
    First Federal Transaction  
 
   The FDIC agreed to indemnify the Company against certain losses
on SFR, and commercial HFI loans based on established thresholds. 
 
   As of September 30, 2016, the loss share agreements covering the
SFR mortgage loans remain in effect (expiring in December 2019) while the agreement covering commercial loans expired (in December 2014). However,
pursuant to the terms of the shared-loss agreement, the loss recovery provisions for commercial loans extend for three years past the expiration date
(December 2017). The loss thresholds apply to the covered loans collectively. Pursuant to the loss share agreement, the first $932 million (First Loss
Tranche) of cumulative losses are borne by the Company without reimbursement by the FDIC.  
 
   The following table summarizes the submission of qualifying
losses for reimbursement from the FDIC since inception of the loss share agreement:  
 
      Submission
                                         of Qualifying Losses for Reimbursement  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Due to the expiration of the loss share agreement covering
commercial loans in December 2014, the outstanding unpaid principal balance eligible for reimbursement is zero. As provided by the loss share
agreement, the loss recoveries for commercial loans extend for three years from expiration date (December 2017). As such, the cumulative losses
incurred, claim submissions and reimbursements for commercial loans are reduced by the reported recoveries.    

As reflected above, the cumulative losses incurred have not
reached the specified level ($932 million) for FDIC reimbursement and the Company does not project to reach the specified level of losses. Accordingly,
no indemnification asset was recognized in connection with the First Federal Transaction. 
 
   Separately, as part of the loss sharing agreement, the Company is
required to make a true-up payment to the FDIC in the event that losses do not exceed a specified level by December 2019. As the Company does not
project to reach the First Loss Tranche ($932 million) for FDIC reimbursement, the Company does not expect that such true-up payment will be required
for the First Federal portfolio. 
 
    La Jolla Transaction  
 
   The FDIC agreed to indemnify the Company against certain losses
on SFR, and commercial loans HFI based on established thresholds. 
 
   As of September 30, 2016, the loss share agreement covering the
SFR mortgage loans remain in effect (expiring in February 2020) while the agreement covering commercial loans expired (in March 2015). However,
pursuant to the terms of the loss share agreement, the loss recovery provisions for commercial loans extend for three years past the expiration date
(March 2018). The loss thresholds apply to the covered loans collectively. Pursuant to the loss share agreement, the Company s cumulative losses
since the acquisition date by OneWest Bank are reimbursed by the FDIC at 80% until the stated threshold ($1.007 billion) is met. 

32   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes the submission of cumulative
qualifying losses for reimbursement from the FDIC since inception of the loss share agreement: 
 
      Submission
                                         of Qualifying Losses for Reimbursement  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Due to the expiration of the loss share agreement covering
commercial loans in March 2015, the outstanding unpaid principal balance eligible for reimbursement is zero. As provided by the loss share agreement,
the loss recoveries for commercial loans extend for three years from expiration date (March 2018). As such, the cumulative losses incurred, claim
submissions and reimbursements for commercial loans are reduced by the reported recoveries.    

As part of the loss share agreement with La Jolla, the Company is
required to make a true-up payment to the FDIC in the event that losses do not exceed a specified level by the tenth anniversary of the agreement
(February 2020). The Company currently expects that such payment will be required based upon its forecasted loss estimates for the La Jolla portfolio
as the actual and estimated cumulative losses of the acquired covered assets are projected to be lower than the cumulative losses. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, an obligation of $61.3 million and $56.9 million, respectively, has been recorded as a FDIC true-up liability for the
contingent payment measured at estimated fair value. Refer to Note 10    Fair Value  for further discussion. 
 
    NOTE 6   INVESTMENT SECURITIES  
 
   Investments include debt and equity securities. The
Company s debt securities include U.S. Government Agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities, residential mortgage-backed securities
( MBS ), and supranational and foreign government securities. Equity securities include common stock and warrants, along with restricted
stock in the FHLB and FRB.  
 
      Investment
                                         Securities  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Recorded at amortized cost.   

(2)     

Non-marketable investments include securities of the FRB and
FHLB carried at cost of $253.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $263.5 million at December 31, 2015. The remaining non-marketable investments include
ownership interests greater than 3% in limited partnership investments that are accounted for under the equity method, other investments carried at
cost, which include qualified Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) investments, equity fund holdings and shares issued by customers during loan work out
situations or as part of an original loan investment, totaling $19.0 million and $28.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 33  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Realized investment gains totaled $5.1 million and $2.1 million
for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $6.6 million and $6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and exclude losses from OTTI. 
 
   In addition, the Company maintained $6.5 billion and $6.8 billion
of interest bearing deposits at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which are cash equivalents and are classified separately on the
balance sheet. 
 
   The following table presents interest and dividends on interest
bearing deposits and investments: 
 
      Interest
                                         and Dividend Income  (dollars in millions)    

Securities Available-for-Sale  
 
   The following table presents amortized cost and fair value of
securities available for sale ( AFS ). 
 
      Securities
                                         AFS   Amortized Cost and Fair Value  (dollars in millions)    

34   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table presents the debt securities AFS by
contractual maturity dates: 
 
      Securities
                                         AFS   Maturities  (dollars in millions)    

The following table summarizes the gross unrealized losses and
estimated fair value of AFS securities aggregated by investment category and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position. 
 
      Securities
                                         AFS   Gross Unrealized Loss  (dollars in millions)    

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 35  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Purchased Credit-Impaired AFS Securities  
 
   In connection with the OneWest acquisition, the Company
classified AFS mortgage-backed securities as PCI due to evidence of credit deterioration since issuance and for which it is probable that the Company
will not collect all principal and interest payments contractually required at the time of purchase. Accounting for these adjustments is discussed in
Note 1   Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. 
 
   Changes in the accretable yield for PCI securities are summarized
below for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
 
      Changes
                                         in Accretable Yield  (dollars in millions)    

The estimated fair value of PCI securities was $503.1 million and
$559.6 million with a par value of $640.9 million and $717.1 million as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 
      Securities
                                         Carried at Fair Value with Changes Recorded in Net Income  (dollars in millions)  

Securities
                                         Carried at Fair Value with changes Recorded in Net Income   Amortized Cost and Fair
                                         Value Maturities  (dollars in millions)    

36   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Debt Securities Held-to-Maturity  
 
   The carrying value and fair value of securities held to maturity
( HTM ) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 
 
      Debt
                                         Securities HTM   Carrying Value and Fair Value  (dollars in millions)  

The following table presents the debt securities HTM by
contractual maturity dates: 
 
      Debt
                                         Securities HTM   Amortized Cost and Fair Value Maturities  (dollars in millions)  

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 37  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes the gross unrealized losses and
estimated fair value of HTM securities aggregated by investment category and length of time that the securities have been in a continuous unrealized
loss position. 
 
      Debt
                                         Securities HTM   Gross Unrealized Loss  (dollars in millions)    

Other Than Temporary Impairment
( OTTI )  
 
   The Company conducted and documented its periodic review of all
securities with unrealized losses, which it performs to evaluate whether the impairment is other than temporary. 
 
   For PCI securities, management determined certain PCI securities
with unrealized losses were deemed credit-related and recognized OTTI credit-related losses of $0.1 million and $2.2 million as permanent write-downs
for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no write-downs for the respective 2015 periods. 
 
   The Company reviewed debt securities AFS and HTM with unrealized
losses and determined that the unrealized losses were not OTTI. The unrealized losses were not credit-related and the Company does not have an intent
to sell and believes it is not more-likely-than-not that the Company will have to sell prior to the recovery of the amortized cost
basis. 
 
   The Company reviewed equity securities classified as AFS with
unrealized losses and determined that the unrealized losses were not OTTI. The unrealized losses were not credit-related. 
 
   There were no unrealized losses on non-marketable investments.

NOTE 7   DEPOSITS  
 
   The following table presents detail on the type, maturities and
weighted average interest rates of deposits. 
 
      Deposits
                                          (dollars in millions)    

38   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table provides further details of
deposits. 
 
      Deposits
                                           Rates and Maturities  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Includes deposit sweep arrangements related to money market
and healthcare savings accounts.   

(2)     

Not Meaningful   includes certain deposits such as escrow
accounts, security deposits and other similar accounts.   

The following table presents the maturity profile of other time
deposits with a denomination of $100,000 or more. 
 
      Certificates
                                         of Deposit $100 Thousand or More  (dollars in millions)    

NOTE 8   BORROWINGS  
 
   The following table presents the carrying value of outstanding
borrowings. 
 
      Borrowings
                                          (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

December 31, 2015 balances for Senior Unsecured and Structured
Financing were adjusted to include deferred debt issuance costs of $41.4 million and $55.9 million, respectively, compared to balances presented in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, upon adoption and in accordance with the provision in ASU 2015-03.
Previously these amounts were included in other assets.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 39  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Unsecured Borrowings  
 
     Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
Facility   
 
   There were no outstanding borrowings under the Second Amended and
Restated Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the  Revolving Credit Facility ) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The amount
available to draw upon at September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.4 billion, with the remaining amount of approximately $0.1 billion being utilized for
issuance of letters of credit to customers. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility has a total commitment amount of
$1.5 billion and the maturity date of the commitment is January 26, 2018. The total commitment amount consists of a $1.15 billion revolving loan
tranche and a $350 million revolving loan tranche that can also be utilized for issuance of letters of credit to customers. The applicable margin
charged under the facility is 2.25% for LIBOR Rate loans and 1.25% for Base Rate loans. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility may be drawn and prepaid at the
option of CIT. The unutilized portion of any commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility may be reduced permanently or terminated by CIT at any time
without penalty. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by
nine of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The facility was amended in February 2016 to extend the final maturity date of the
lenders  commitments and modify the applicable margin, which depends on the Company s long-term senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt
rating used to calculate the interest rate for LIBOR Rate and Base Rate loans. The applicable required minimum guarantor asset coverage ratio ranges
from 1.0:1.0 to 1.5:1.0 and was 1.375: 1.0 at September 30, 2016. The amendment also added Fitch Ratings Ltd. as a provider of the Company s
long-term senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt rating. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a $6 billion minimum
consolidated net worth covenant of the Company, tested quarterly, and also limits the Company s ability to create liens, merge or consolidate,
sell, transfer, lease or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, grant a negative pledge or make certain restricted payments during the
occurrence and continuance of an event of default. 
 
    Senior Unsecured Notes  
 
   The following tables present the principal amounts by maturity
date. 
 
      Senior
                                         Unsecured Notes  (dollars in millions)    

The Indentures for the senior unsecured notes limit the
Company s ability to create liens, merge or consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. Upon a
Change of Control Triggering Event as defined in the Indentures for the senior unsecured notes, holders of the senior unsecured notes will have the
right to require the Company, as applicable, to repurchase all or a portion of the senior unsecured notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of such repurchase. 
 
   In addition to the above table, there is an unsecured note with a
6.0% coupon and a carrying value of $39 million (par value of $51 million) that matures in 2036. 
 
    Secured Borrowings  
 
   At September 30, 2016 the Company had pledged assets (including
collateral for the FRB discount window) of $16.4 billion, which included $11.3 billion of loans (including amounts held for sale), $4.2 billion of
operating lease assets, $0.8 billion of cash and $0.1 billion of investment securities. 
 
    FHLB Advances  
 
   As a member of the FHLB of San Francisco, CIT Bank, N.A. can
access financing based on an evaluation of its creditworthiness, statement of financial position, size and eligibility of collateral. The interest
rates charged by the FHLB for advances typically vary depending upon maturity, the cost of funds of the FHLB, and the collateral provided for the
borrowing and the advances are secured by certain Bank assets and bear either a fixed or floating interest rate. The FHLB advances are collateralized
by a variety of consumer and commercial loans and leases, including SFR mortgage loans, reverse mortgage loans, multi-family mortgage loans, commercial
real estate loans, certain foreclosed properties and certain amounts receivable under a loss sharing agreement with the FDIC, commercial loans, leases
and/or equipment. 

40   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $5.6 billion
                of financing availability with the FHLB, of which $2.3 billion was unused and available, and $811.6 million was being
                utilized for issuance of letters of credit. FHLB                 Advances                 as of                 September
                30,                 2016 have a weighted average                 rate of 1.09%. The following                 table includes
                the                             total outstanding FHLB                               Advances, and respective
                pledged                 assets.  
 
      FHLB
                                         Advances with Pledged Assets Summary  (dollars in millions)    

Structured Financings  
 
   Set forth in the following table are amounts primarily related to
and owned by consolidated VIEs. Creditors of these VIEs received ownership and/or security interests in the assets. These entities are intended to be
bankruptcy remote so that such assets are not available to creditors of CIT or any affiliates of CIT until and unless the related secured borrowings
have been fully discharged. These transactions do not meet accounting requirements for sales treatment and are recorded as secured borrowings.
Structured financings as of September 30, 2016 had a weighted average rate of 3.66%, which ranged from 0.0% to 5.74%.  
 
      Structured
                                         Financings and Pledged Assets Summary  (1)    (dollars in millions)  

(1)     

As part of our liquidity management strategy, the Company pledges assets to secure financing transactions (which include securitizations), and for other purposes as required or permitted by law while CIT Bank, N.A. also pledges assets to secure borrowings from the FHLB and FRB.   

(2)     

At September 30, 2016, the TRS related borrowings and pledged
assets, respectively, of $1.1 billion and $1.7 billion were included in Transportation Finance. The TRS is described in Note 9   Derivative
Financial Instruments.    

Not included in the above table, are liabilities of discontinued
operations consisting of $386.6 million of secured borrowings related to HECM loans securitized in the form of GNMA HMBS. See  Note 2  
Acquisition and Disposition Activities . 
 
    FRB  
 
   The Company has a borrowing facility with the FRB Discount Window
that can be used for short-term, typically overnight, borrowings. The borrowing capacity is determined by the FRB based on the collateral
pledged. 
 
   There were no outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window
as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
 
    Variable Interest Entities
( VIEs )  
 
   Below describes the results of the Company s assessment of
its variable interests to determine its current status with regards to being the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 
 
     Consolidated VIEs   
 
   The Company utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business to
support its own and its customers  financing needs. Each VIE is a separate legal entity and maintains its own books and records. 
 
   The most significant types of VIEs that CIT utilizes are
 on balance sheet  secured financings of pools of leases and loans originated by the Company where the Company is the primary beneficiary.
The Company originates pools of assets and sells these to special purpose entities, which, in turn, issue debt instruments backed by the asset pools or
sells individual interests in the assets to investors. CIT retains the servicing rights and participates in certain cash flows. These VIEs are
typically organized as trusts or limited liability companies, and are intended to be bankruptcy remote, from a legal standpoint. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 41  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The main risks inherent in structured financings are
deterioration in the credit performance of the vehicle s underlying asset portfolio and risk associated with the servicing of the underlying
assets. 
 
   Lenders typically have recourse to the assets in the VIEs and may
benefit from other credit enhancements, such as: (1) a reserve or cash collateral account that requires the Company to deposit cash in an account,
which will first be used to cover any defaulted obligor payments, (2) over-collateralization in the form of excess assets in the VIE, or (3)
subordination, whereby the Company retains a subordinate position in the secured borrowing which would absorb losses due to defaulted obligor payments
before the senior certificate holders. The VIE may also enter into derivative contracts in order to convert the debt issued by the VIEs to match the
underlying assets or to limit or change the risk of the VIE. 
 
   With respect to events or circumstances that could expose CIT to
a loss, as these are accounted for as on balance sheet, the Company records an allowance for loan losses for the credit risks associated with the
underlying leases and loans. The VIE has an obligation to pay the debt in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. 
 
   Generally, third-party investors in the obligations of the
consolidated VIEs have legal recourse only to the assets of the VIEs and do not have recourse to the Company beyond certain specific provisions that
are customary for secured financing transactions, such as asset repurchase obligations for breaches of representations and warranties. In addition, the
assets are generally restricted to pay only such liabilities. 
 
     Unconsolidated VIEs   
 
   Unconsolidated VIEs include government sponsored entity
( GSE ) securitization structures, private-label securitizations and limited partnership interests where the Company s involvement is
limited to an investor interest where the Company does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially
be significant to the VIE and limited partnership interests. 
 
   As a result of the OneWest Transaction, the Company has certain
contractual obligations related to the HECM loans and the GNMA HMBS securitizations. The Company, as servicer of these HECM loans, is currently
obligated to fund future borrower advances, which include fees paid to taxing authorities for borrowers  unpaid taxes and insurance, mortgage
insurance premiums and payments made to borrowers for line of credit draws on HECM loans. In addition, the Company capitalizes the servicing fees and
interest income earned and is obligated to fund guarantee fees associated with the GNMA HMBS. The Company periodically pools and securitizes certain of
these funded advances through issuance of HMBS to third-party security holders, which did not qualify for sale accounting and rather, are treated as
financing transactions. As a financing transaction, the HECM loans and related proceeds from the issuance of the HMBS recognized as secured borrowings
remain on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Due to the Company s planned exit of third party servicing, HECM loans of $393 million
and $449.5 million were included in Assets of discontinued operations and the associated secured borrowing of $386.6 million and $440.6 million
(including an unamortized premium balance of $9.3 million and $13.2 million) were included in Liabilities of discontinued operations at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 
   As servicer, the Company is required to repurchase the HECM loans
once the outstanding principal balance is equal to or greater than 98% of the maximum claim amount or when the property forecloses to OREO, which
reduces the secured borrowing balance. Additionally the Company services $166.2 million and $189.6 million of HMBS outstanding principal balance at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, for transferred loans securitized by IndyMac for which OneWest Bank prior to the acquisition
had purchased the mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs ) in connection with the IndyMac Transaction. The carrying value of the MSRs was not
significant at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As the HECM loans are federally insured by the FHA and the secured borrowings guaranteed to
the investors by GNMA, the Company does not believe maximum loss exposure as a result of its involvement is material or quantifiable. 
 
   For Agency and private label securitizations where the Company is
not the servicer, the maximum exposure to loss represents the recorded investment based on the Company s beneficial interests held in the
securitized assets. These interests are not expected to absorb losses or receive benefits that are significant to the VIE. 
 
   As a limited partner, the nature of the Company s ownership
interest in tax credit equity investments is limited in its ability to direct the activities that drive the economic performance of the entity, as
these entities are managed by the general or managing partner. As a result, the Company was not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these
VIEs. 
 
   The table below presents potential losses that would be incurred
under hypothetical circumstances, such that the value of its interests and any associated collateral declines to zero and at the same time assuming no
consideration of recovery or offset from any economic hedges. The Company believes the possibility is remote under this hypothetical scenario;
accordingly, this required disclosure is not an indication of expected loss. 

42   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Unconsolidated
                                         VIEs  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

In preparing the interim financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company discovered and corrected an immaterial error impacting the disclosure of agency securities in the amount of $147.0 million as of December 31, 2015.   

(2)     

Maximum loss exposure to the unconsolidated VIEs excludes the
liability for representations and warranties, corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances.    

NOTE 9   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS  
 
   As part of managing economic risk and exposure to interest rate
and foreign currency risk, the Company primarily enters into derivative transactions in over-the-counter markets with other financial institutions. The
Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
 
   The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(the  Act ) includes measures to broaden the scope of derivative instruments subject to regulation by requiring clearing and exchange trading
of certain derivatives, and imposing margin, reporting and registration requirements for certain market participants. Since the Company does not meet
the definition of a Swap Dealer or Major Swap Participant under the Act, the reporting and clearing obligations apply to a limited number of derivative
transactions executed with its lending customers in order to manage their interest rate risk. 
 
   See  Note 1   Business and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for further description of its derivative
transaction policies. 
 
   The following table presents fair values and notional values of
derivative financial instruments: 
 
      Fair
                                         and Notional Values of Derivative Financial Instruments  (1)    (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Presented on a gross basis.   

(2)     

Fair value balances include accrued interest.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 43  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Total Return Swaps  
 
   Two financing facilities between two wholly-owned subsidiaries of
CIT and Goldman Sachs International ( GSI ) are structured as total return swaps (together, the  TRS ), under which amounts
available for advances are accounted for as derivatives. 
 
   Pursuant to applicable accounting guidance, the unutilized
portion of the TRS is accounted for as a derivative and recorded at its estimated fair value. The CIT Financial Ltd. Facility (the  CFL
Facility ) is $1.5 billion and the CIT TRS Funding B.V. facility (the  BV facility ) is $625 million. 
 
   The aggregate notional amounts of the TRS of $1,200.0 million at
September 30, 2016 and $1,152.8 million at December 31, 2015 represent the aggregate unused portions under the TRS and constitute derivative financial
instruments. These aggregate notional amounts are calculated as the maximum aggregate facility commitment amounts, currently $2,125.0 million, less the
aggregate actual adjusted qualifying borrowing base outstanding of $925.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $972.2 million at December 31, 2015 under
the TRS. The notional amounts of the derivatives will increase as the adjusted qualifying borrowing base decreases due to repayment of the underlying
asset-backed securities (ABS) to investors. If CIT funds additional ABS under the CFL Facility and/or BV Facility, the aggregate adjusted qualifying
borrowing base of the TRS will increase and the notional amount of the derivatives will decrease accordingly. 
 
   The TRS allows for termination by CIT upon not less than 10
business days notification to Goldman Sachs International ( GSI ), as counterparty under the TRS. Such termination requires payment to GSI of
the present value of the remaining facility fee that would be due under the terms of the agreement. 
 
   Valuation of the derivatives related to the TRS facilities is
based on several factors using a discounted cash flow ( DCF ) methodology, including: 

n   

CIT s funding costs for similar financings based on current
market conditions;  

n   

Forecasted usage of the long-dated facilities through the final
maturity date in 2028; and  

n   

Forecasted amortization, due to principal payments on the
underlying ABS, which impacts the amount of the unutilized portion.  

Based on the Company s valuation, a liability of $47.8
million and $54.9 million was recorded at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The increase in liability of $19.7 million and
decrease of $7.1 million were recognized as a decrease and an increase to Other Income for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. The increases in the liability of $24.3 million and $31.7 million were recognized as a reduction to Other Income for the quarter and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
 
    Impact of Collateral and Netting Arrangements on the Total
Derivative Portfolio  
 
   The following tables present a summary of our derivative
portfolio, which includes the gross amounts of recognized financial assets and liabilities; the amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheet; the
net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet; the amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that
were not included in the offset amount above, and the amount of cash collateral received or pledged. Derivative transactions are documented under an
International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) agreement.  
 
      Offsetting
                                         of Derivative Assets and Liabilities  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

The Company s derivative transactions are governed by
ISDA agreements that allow for net settlements of certain payments as well as offsetting of all contracts ( Derivative Financial
Instruments ) with a given counterparty in the event of bankruptcy or default of one of the two parties to the transaction. We believe our ISDA
agreements meet the definition of a master netting arrangement or similar agreement for purposes of the above disclosure. In conjunction with the ISDA
agreements, the Company has entered into collateral arrangements with its counterparties which provide for the exchange of cash depending on change in
the market valuation of the derivative contracts outstanding. Such collateral is available to be applied in settlement of the net balances upon an
event of default of one of the counterparties.   

(2)     

Collateral pledged or received is included in Other assets or
Other liabilities, respectively.   

44   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table presents the impact of derivatives on the
statements of income. 
 
      Derivative
                                         Instrument Gains and Losses  (dollars in millions)    

The following table presents the changes in AOCI relating to
derivatives: 
 
      Changes
                                         in AOCI Relating to Derivatives  (dollars in millions)    

NOTE 10   FAIR VALUE  
 
    Fair Value Hierarchy  
 
   The Company is required to report fair value measurements for
specified classes of assets and liabilities. See  Note 1    Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   for a
description of fair value measurement policy. 
 
   The Company characterizes inputs in the determination of fair
value according to the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities where the measurement objective specifically
requires the use of fair value are set forth in the tables below. 
 
   Disclosures that follow in this note exclude assets and
liabilities classified as discontinued operations. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 45  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Estimated Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis  
 
   The following table summarizes the Company s assets and
liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis, including those management elected under the fair value option. 
 
      Assets
                                         and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  (dollars in millions)  

(1)   

Derivative fair values include accrued interest

Debt and Equity Securities Classified as AFS and Securities
carried at fair value with changes recorded in net income    Debt and equity securities classified as AFS are carried at fair value, as
determined either by Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 inputs. Debt securities classified as AFS included investments in U.S. federal government agency, U.S.
Treasury and supranational securities and were valued using Level 2 inputs, primarily quoted prices for similar securities. Certain equity securities
classified as AFS were valued using Level 1 inputs, primarily quoted prices in active markets. For Agency pass-through MBS, which are classified as
Level 2, the Company generally determines estimated fair value utilizing prices obtained from independent broker dealers and recent trading activity
for similar assets. Debt securities classified as AFS and securities carried at fair value with changes recorded in net income represent non-Agency
MBS, the market for such securities is not active and the estimated fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow technique. The significant
unobservable assumptions, which are verified to the extent possible using broker dealer quotes, are estimated by type of underlying collateral,
including credit loss assumptions, estimated prepayment speeds and appropriate discount rates. Given the lack of observable market data, the estimated
fair value of the non-agency MBS is classified as Level 3. 

46   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

FDIC Receivable    The Company elected to measure its
receivable under a participation agreement with the FDIC in connection with the IndyMac Transaction at estimated fair value under the fair value
option. The participation agreement provides the Company a secured interest in certain homebuilder, home construction and lot loans, which entitle the
Company to a 40% share of the underlying loan cash flows. The receivable is valued by first grouping the loans into similar asset types and stratifying
the loans based on their underlying key features such as product type, current payment status and other economic attributes in order to project future
cash flows. The modeled underlying cash flows include estimated amounts expected to be collected from repayment of loan principal and interest and net
proceeds from property liquidations through the clean up call date (when the portfolio falls below 10% of the original unpaid principal balance or June
2016) controlled by the FDIC whereby the underlying assets shall be sold six months from the earliest call date (September 2016), which was exercised
by the FDIC during the second quarter of 2016. 
 
   Projected future cash flows are estimated by taking the
Company s share (40%) of the future cash flows from the underlying loans and real estate properties that include proceeds and interest offset by
servicing expenses and servicing fees. Estimated fair value of the FDIC receivable is based on a discounted cash flow technique using significant
unobservable inputs, including prepayment rates, default rates, loss severities and liquidation assumptions. 
 
   To determine the estimated fair value, the cash flows are
discounted using a market interest rate that represents an overall weighted average discount rate based on the underlying collateral specific discount
rates. Due to the reduced liquidity that exists for such loans and lack of observable market data available, this requires the use of significant
unobservable inputs; as a result these measurements are classified as Level 3. 
 
    Derivative Assets and Liabilities   
                The Company s financial derivatives include interest rate swaps, floors, caps, forwards,   forward sale commitments on
                Agency MBS, and credit derivatives. These derivatives are valued using models that incorporate inputs depending on the type
                of derivative, such as, interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates and volatility. Readily observable market inputs to
                models can be validated to external sources, including industry pricing services, or corroborated through recent trades,
                broker dealer quotes, yield curves, or other market-related data. As such, these derivative instruments are valued using a
                Level 2 methodology. In addition, these derivative values incorporate an assessment of the risk of
                counterparty nonperformance, measured based on the Company s evaluation of credit risk. The fair value of the TRS
                derivative, written options on certain CIT Bank CDs and credit derivatives were estimated using Level 3 inputs. 
 
    FDIC True-up Liability    In connection with the La
Jolla Transaction, the Company recognized a FDIC True-up liability due to the FDIC 45 days after the tenth anniversary of the loss share agreement (the
maturity) because the actual and estimated cumulative losses on the acquired covered PCI loans are lower than the cumulative losses originally
estimated by the FDIC at the time of acquisition. The FDIC True-up liability was recorded at estimated fair value as of the Acquisition Date and is
remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingency is resolved. The FDIC True-up liability was valued using the discounted cash flow
method based on the terms specified in the loss share agreement with the FDIC, the actual FDIC payments collected and significant unobservable inputs,
including a risk-adjusted discount rate (reflecting the Company s credit risk plus a liquidity premium), prepayment and default rates. Due to the
significant unobservable inputs used to calculate the estimated fair value, these measurements are classified as Level 3. 
 
    Consideration Holdback Liability    In connection with
the OneWest acquisition, the parties negotiated 4 separate holdbacks related to selected trailing risks, totaling $116 million, which reduced the cash
consideration paid at closing. Any unapplied Holdback funds at the end of the respective holdback periods, which range from 1   5 years, are
payable to the former OneWest shareholders. Unused funds for any of the four holdbacks cannot be applied against another holdback amount. The range of
potential holdback to be paid is from $0 to $116 million. Based on management s estimate of the probability of each holdback it was determined
that the probable amount of holdback to be paid was originally recorded at $62.4 million, and currently is $47.0 million. The amount expected to be
paid was discounted based on CIT s cost of funds. This contingent consideration was measured at fair value at the Acquisition Date and is
re-measured at fair value in subsequent accounting periods, with the changes in fair value recorded in the statement of income, until the related
contingent issues are resolved. Gross payments, which are determined based on the Company s probability assessment, are discounted at a rate
approximating the Company s average coupon rate on deposits and borrowings. Due to the significant unobservable inputs used to calculate the
estimated fair value, these measurements are classified as Level 3. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 47  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following tables summarize information about significant
unobservable inputs related to the Company s categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of September
30, 2016. 
 
      Quantitative
                                         Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements   Recurring  (dollars in millions)  

48   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Quantitative
                                         Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements   Recurring  (dollars in millions)
                                         (continued)      

(1)     

The valuation of these derivatives is primarily related to the
GSI facilities which is based on several factors using a discounted cash flow methodology, including a) funding costs for similar financings based on
current market conditions; b) forecasted usage of long-dated facilities through the final maturity date in 2028; and c) forecasted amortization, due to
principal payments on the underlying ABS, which impacts the amount of the unutilized portion.    

The level of aggregation and diversity within the products
disclosed in the tables results in certain ranges of inputs being wide and unevenly distributed across asset and liability categories. For instruments
backed by residential real estate, diversity in the portfolio is reflected in a wide range for loss severity due to varying levels of default. The
lower end of the range represents high performing loans with a low probability of default while the higher end of the range relates to more distressed
loans with a greater risk of default. 
 
   The valuation techniques used for the Company s Level 3
assets and liabilities, as presented in the previous tables, are described as follows: 

n    

Discounted cash flow    Discounted cash flow
valuation techniques generally consist of developing an estimate of future cash flows that are expected to occur over the life of an instrument and
then discounting those cash flows at a rate of return that results in the estimated fair value amount. The Company utilizes both the direct and
indirect valuation methods. Under the direct method, contractual cash flows are adjusted for expected losses. The adjusted cash flows are discounted at
a rate which considers other costs and risks, such as market risk and liquidity. Under the indirect method, contractual cash flows are discounted at a
rate which reflects the costs and risks associated with the likelihood of generating the contractual cash flows.  

n    

Market comparables    Market comparable(s) pricing
valuation techniques are used to determine the estimated fair value of certain instruments by incorporating known inputs such as recent transaction
prices, pending transactions, or prices of other similar investments which require significant adjustment to reflect differences in instrument
characteristics.  

n    

Internal valuation model    The internal model for
rate lock valuation uses the spread on borrower mortgage rate and the Fannie Mae pass through rate and applies a conversion factor to assess the
derivative value.  

Significant unobservable inputs presented in the previous tables
are those the Company considers significant to the estimated fair value of the Level 3 asset or liability. The Company considers unobservable inputs to
be significant if, by their exclusion, the estimated fair value of the Level 3 asset or liability would be significantly impacted based
on 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 49  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

qualitative factors such as nature of the instrument, type of
valuation technique used, and the significance of the unobservable inputs on the values relative to other inputs used within the valuation. Following
is a description of the significant unobservable inputs provided in the tables. 

n    

Default rate    is an estimate of the likelihood of
not collecting contractual amounts owed expressed as a constant default rate.  

n    

Discount rate    is a rate of return used to present
value the future expected cash flows to arrive at the estimated fair value of an instrument. The discount rate consists of a benchmark rate component
and a risk premium component. The benchmark rate component, for example, LIBOR or U.S. Treasury rates, is generally observable within the market and is
necessary to appropriately reflect the time value of money. The risk premium component reflects the amount of compensation market participants require
due to the uncertainty inherent in the instruments  cash flows resulting from risks such as credit and liquidity.  

n    

Loss severity    is the percentage of contractual
cash flows lost in the event of a default.  

n    

Prepayment rate    is the estimated rate at which
forecasted prepayments of principal of the related loan or debt instrument are expected to occur, expressed as a constant prepayment rate
( CPR ).  

n    

Payment Probability    is an estimate of the
likelihood the consideration holdback amount will be required to be paid expressed as a percentage.  

n    

Borrower rate    Mortgage rate committed to the
borrower by CIT Bank. Effective for up to 90 days.  

As reflected above, the Company generally uses discounted cash
flow techniques to determine the estimated fair value of Level 3 assets and liabilities. Use of these techniques requires determination of relevant
inputs and assumptions, some of which represent significant unobservable inputs and assumptions and as a result, changes in these unobservable inputs
(in isolation) may have a significant impact to the estimated fair value. Increases in the probability of default and loss severities will result in
lower estimated fair values, as these increases reduce expected cash flows. Increases in the discount rate will result in lower estimated fair values,
as these increases reduce the present value of the expected cash flows. 
 
   Alternatively a change in one unobservable input may result in a
change to another unobservable input due to the interrelationship among inputs, which may counteract or magnify the estimated fair value impact from
period to period. Generally, the value of the Level 3 assets and liabilities estimated using a discounted cash flow technique would decrease (increase)
upon an increase (decrease) in discount rate, default rate, loss severity or weighted average life inputs. Discount rates are influenced by market
expectations for the underlying collateral performance, and therefore may directionally move with probability and severity of default; however,
discount rates are also impacted by broader market forces, such as competing investment yields, sector liquidity, economic news, and other
macroeconomic factors. There is no direct interrelationship between prepayments and discount rate. Prepayment rates generally move in the opposite
direction of market interest rates. Increase in the probability of default will generally be accompanied with an increase in loss severity, as both are
impacted by underlying collateral values. 

50   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes the changes in estimated fair
value for all assets and liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level
3): 
 
      Changes
                                         in Estimated Fair Value of Level 3 Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring
                                         Basis  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Valuation of Interest Rate Lock Commitments.   

(2)     

Primarily includes the valuation of the derivatives related to
the TRS facilities and written options on certain CIT Bank CDs.    

The Company monitors the availability of observable market data
to assess the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the observability of key inputs to a fair
value measurement may result in a transfer of assets or liabilities between Level 1, 2 and 3. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in
and transfers out as of the end of the reporting period. For the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no transfers into or out of
Level 3. 
 
    Assets Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Non-recurring
Basis  
 
   Certain assets or liabilities are required to be measured at
estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to initial recognition. Generally, these adjustments are the result of LOCOM or other
impairment accounting. In determining the estimated fair values during the period, the Company determined that substantially all the changes in
estimated fair value were due to declines in market conditions versus instrument specific credit risk. This was determined by examining the changes in
market factors relative to instrument specific factors. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 51  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table presents assets measured at estimated fair
value on a non-recurring basis for which a non-recurring change in fair value has been recorded in the current year: 
 
      Carrying
                                         Value of Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis  (dollars in millions)  

Assets of continuing operations that are measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis are as follows:  
 
    Assets Held for Sale    Assets held for sale are
recorded at the lower of cost or fair value on the balance sheet. Loans are transferred from held for investment to AHFS at the lower of cost or fair
value. At the time of transfer, a write-down of the loan is recorded as a charge-off, if applicable. Once classified as AHFS, the amount by which the
carrying value exceeds fair value is recorded as a valuation allowance. If there is no liquid secondary market for the operating lease and other assets
held for sale in the Company s portfolio, the fair value is estimated based on a binding contract, current letter of intent or other third-party
valuation, or using internally generated valuations or discounted cash flow technique, all of which are Level 3 inputs. Certain of the loans held for
sale were valued utilizing Level 2 inputs. In those instances where third party valuations were utilized, the most significant assumptions were the
discount rates which ranged from 5.0% to 12.2%. The estimated fair value of assets held for sale with impairment was $1,598.0 million at September 30,
2016 and $1,652.5 million at December 31, 2015. 
 
    Other Real Estate Owned    Other real estate owned
represents collateral acquired from the foreclosure of secured real estate loans. Other real estate owned is measured at LOCOM less disposition costs.
Estimated fair values of other real estate owned are reviewed on a quarterly basis and any decline in value below cost is recorded as impairment.
Estimated fair value is generally based upon broker price opinions or independent appraisals, adjusted for costs to sell. The estimated costs to sell
are incremental direct costs to transact a sale, such as broker commissions, legal fees, closing costs and title transfer fees. The costs must be
essential to the sale and would not have been incurred if the decision to sell had not been made. The significant unobservable input is the appraised
value or the sales price and thus is classified as Level 3. As of the reporting date, OREO carrying value approximates fair value. 
 
    Impaired Loans    Impaired finance receivables of
$500,000 or greater that are placed on non-accrual status are subject to periodic individual review in conjunction with the Company s ongoing
problem loan management (PLM) function. Impairment occurs when, based on current information and events, it is probable that CIT will be unable to
collect all amounts due according to contractual terms of the agreement. Impairment is measured as the shortfall between estimated value and recorded
investment in the finance receivable, with the estimated value determined using fair value of collateral and other cash flows if the finance receivable
is collateralized, the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the contract s effective interest rate, or observable market
prices. The significant unobservable inputs result in the Level 3 classification. As of the reporting date, the carrying value of impaired loans
approximates fair value. 

52   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Fair Value Option  
 
   The Company has made an irrevocable option to elect fair value
for the initial and subsequent measurement of the FDIC receivable acquired by OneWest Bank in the IndyMac Transaction, as it was determined at the time
of election that this treatment would allow a better economic offset of the changes in estimated fair values of the loans. 
 
   The following table summarizes the differences between the
carrying value of the FDIC Receivable based upon the Bank s contractual right to 40% of the cash flows of the underlying collateral measured at
estimated fair value under the fair value option and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the underlying collateral.  
 
      FDIC
                                         Receivable  (dollars in millions)    

The gains and losses due to changes in the estimated fair value
of the FDIC receivable under the fair value option are included in earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and shown in the Financial Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Recurring Basis section of this Note. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 53  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Fair Values of Financial Instruments  
 
   The carrying values and estimated fair values of financial
instruments presented below exclude leases and certain other assets and liabilities, which are not required for disclosure. 
 
      Financial
                                         Instruments  (dollars in millions)    

(2)     

The
     indemnification assets at September 30, 2016, included in the above table does not include Agency claims indemnification
     ($102.5 million), as they are not considered financial instruments. The indemnification assets at December 31, 2015 included
     in the above table does not include Agency claims indemnification ($65.6 million) and Loan indemnification ($0.7 million),
     as they are not considered financial instruments.   

(3)     

Other assets subject to fair value disclosure primarily
include accrued interest receivable and miscellaneous receivables. These assets have carrying values that approximate fair value generally due to the
short-term nature and are classified as Level 3. The unsecured counterparty receivables primarily consist of amounts owed to CIT from GSI for debt
discount, return of collateral posted to GSI and settlements resulting from market value changes to asset-backed securities underlying the
TRS.   

(4)     

Deposits and borrowings include accrued interest, which is
included in  Other liabilities  in the Balance Sheet.   

(5)     

Other liabilities subject to fair value disclosure include
accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer security and maintenance deposits and miscellaneous liabilities. The fair value of these approximate
carrying value and are classified as level 3.   

54   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
each class of financial instruments are explained below: 
 
    Cash and interest bearing deposits    The carrying
values of cash and cash equivalents are at face amount. The impact of the time value of money from the unobservable discount rate for restricted cash
is inconsequential as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Accordingly cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate estimated fair
value and are classified as Level 1. 
 
    Derivatives    The estimated fair values of
derivatives were calculated using observable market data and represent the gross amount receivable or payable to terminate, taking into account current
market rates, which represent Level 2 inputs, except for the TRS derivative and written options on certain CIT Bank CDs and credit derivatives that
utilized Level 3 inputs. See  Note 9   Derivative Financial Instruments  for notional principal amounts and fair values. 
 
    Investment Securities    Debt and equity securities
classified as AFS are carried at fair value, as determined either by Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 inputs. Debt securities classified as AFS included
investments in U.S. federal government agency securities, U.S. Treasury and supranational securities and were valued using Level 2 inputs, primarily
quoted prices for similar securities. Debt securities carried at fair value with changes recorded in net income include non-agency MBS where the market
for such securities is not active; therefore the estimated fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow technique, which is a Level 3 input.
Certain equity securities classified as AFS were valued using Level 1 inputs, primarily quoted prices in active markets. Debt securities classified as
HTM include government agency securities and were valued using Level 2 inputs, primarily quoted prices for similar securities. For debt securities HTM
where no market rate was available, Level 3 inputs were utilized. Debt securities HTM are securities that the Company has both the ability and the
intent to hold until maturity and are carried at amortized cost and periodically assessed for OTTI, with the cost basis reduced when impairment is
deemed to be other-than-temporary. Non-marketable equity investments utilize Level 3 inputs to estimate fair value and are generally recorded under the
cost or equity method of accounting and are periodically assessed for OTTI, with the net asset values reduced when impairment is deemed to be
other-than-temporary. For investments in limited partnership equity interests, the Company used the net asset value provided by the fund manager as an
appropriate measure of fair value. 
 
    Assets held for sale    Assets held for sale are
recorded at the lower of cost or fair value on the balance sheet. Of the assets held for sale above, $164.5 million carrying amount at September 30,
2016 was valued using Level 2 inputs. As there is no liquid secondary market for the other assets held for sale in the Company s portfolio, the
fair value is estimated based on a binding contract, current letter of intent or other third-party valuation, or using internally generated valuations
or discounted cash flow technique, all of which are Level 3 inputs. Commercial loans are generally valued individually, while small ticket commercial
loans are valued on an aggregate portfolio basis. 
 
    Loans    Within the Loans category, there are several
types of loans as follows: 

n    

Commercial and Consumer Loans    Of the loan balance
above, $430.0 million and $975.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were valued using Level 2 inputs. As there is no
liquid secondary market for the other loans in the Company s portfolio, the fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses which
use Level 3 inputs at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In addition to the characteristics of the underlying contracts, key inputs to the
analysis include interest rates, prepayment rates, and credit spreads. For the commercial loan portfolio, the market based credit spread inputs are
derived from instruments with comparable credit risk characteristics obtained from independent third party vendors. As these Level 3 unobservable
inputs are specific to individual loans/collateral types, management does not believe that sensitivity analysis of individual inputs is meaningful, but
rather that sensitivity is more meaningfully assessed through the evaluation of aggregate carrying values of the loans. The fair value of loans at
September 30, 2016 was $26.9 billion, which was 99.2% of carrying value. The fair value of loans at December 31, 2015 was $27.5 billion, which was
97.3% of carrying value.  

n    

Impaired Loans    The value of impaired loans is
estimated using the fair value of collateral (on an orderly liquidation basis) if the loan is collateralized, the present value of expected cash flows
utilizing the current market rate for such loan, or observable market price. As these Level 3 unobservable inputs are specific to individual
loans/collateral types, management does not believe that sensitivity analysis of individual inputs is meaningful, but rather that sensitivity is more
meaningfully assessed through the evaluation of aggregate carrying values of impaired loans relative to contractual amounts owed (unpaid principal
balance or  UPB ) from customers. As of September 30, 2016, the UPB related to impaired loans totaled $205.1 million. Including related
allowances, these loans are carried at $143.4 million, or 69.9% of UPB. Of these amounts, $40.9 million and $20.3 million of UPB and carrying value,
respectively, relate to loans with no specific allowance. As of December 31, 2015 the UPB related to impaired loans totaled $172.5 million and
including related allowances, these loans were carried at $121.8 million, or 70.6% of UPB. Of these amounts, $33.3 million and $21.9 million of UPB and
carrying value, respectively, relate to loans with no specific allowance. The difference between UPB and carrying value reflects cumulative charge-offs
on accounts  

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 55  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

remaining in process of collection, FSA discounts and
allowances. See  Note 3   Loans  for more information.  

n    

PCI loans    These loans are valued by grouping the
loans into performing and non-performing groups and stratifying the loans based on common risk characteristics such as product type, FICO score and
other economic attributes. Due to a lack of observable market data, the estimated fair value of these loan portfolios was based on an internal model
using unobservable inputs, including discount rates, prepayment rates, delinquency roll-rates, and loss severities. Due to the significance of the
unobservable inputs, these instruments are classified as Level 3.  

n    

Jumbo Mortgage Loans    The estimated fair value was
determined by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings
and for the same remaining maturities. Due to the unobservable nature of the inputs used in deriving the estimated fair value of these instruments,
these loans are classified as Level 3.  

Indemnification Assets    The Company s
indemnification assets relating to the SFR loans purchased in the OneWest Bank Transaction are measured on the same basis as the related indemnified
item, and the underlying SFR loans. The estimated fair values reflect the present value of expected reimbursements under the indemnification agreements
based on the loan performance discounted at an estimated market rate, and classified as Level 3. See   Loans Held for Investment   above
for more information. 
 
    Deposits    The estimated fair value of deposits with
no stated maturity, such as demand deposit accounts (including custodial deposits), money market accounts, and savings accounts is the amount payable
on demand at the reporting date. 
 
   The estimated fair value of time deposits is determined using a
discounted cash flow analysis. The discount rate for the time deposit accounts is derived from the rate currently offered on alternate funding sources
with similar maturities. Discount rates used in the present value calculation are based on the Company s average current deposit rates for similar
terms, which are Level 3 inputs. 
 
    Borrowings   

n    

Secured borrowings    The title has been conformed to
the presentation in  Note 8   Borrowings , whereby secured borrowings includes both structured financings and FHLB Advances. Approximately
$4.0 billion par value at September 30, 2016 and $5.1 billion par value at December 31, 2015 were valued using market inputs, which are Level 2 inputs.
Where market estimates were not available for approximately $2.0 billion and $2.7 billion par value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, values were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis with a discount rate approximating current market rates for issuances by CIT
of similar debt, which are Level 3 inputs. Included in the above, the estimated fair value of FHLB Advances is based on a discounted cash flow model
that utilizes benchmark interest rates and other observable market inputs. The discounted cash flow model uses the contractual advance features to
determine the cash flows with a zero spread to the forward FHLB curve, which are discounted using observable benchmark interest rates. As the model
inputs can be observed in a liquid market and the model does not require significant judgment, FHLB advances are classified as Level 2.  

Credit balances of factoring clients    The impact of
the time value of money from the unobservable discount rate for credit balances of factoring clients is inconsequential due to the short term nature of
these balances (typically 90 days or less) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Accordingly, credit balances of factoring clients
approximate estimated fair value and are classified as Level 3. 
 
    NOTE 11   STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY   
 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  
 
   The following table details the components of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss, net of tax:  
 
      Components
                                         of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  (dollars in millions)    

56   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table details the changes in the components of
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of income taxes: 
 
      Changes
                                         in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss by Component  (dollars in millions)  

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)  
 
   The amounts included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income are
net of income taxes. 
 
   Foreign currency translation reclassification adjustments
impacting net income was insignificant for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and was $18.8 million for the prior year quarter ended September 30,
2015 and were $4.7 million and $22.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The change in income taxes associated
with foreign currency translation adjustments was $(1.4) million and $(20.4) million for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively
and was $13.3 million and $(33.5) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 
 
   The changes in benefit plans net gain/(loss) and prior service
(cost)/credit reclassification adjustments impacting net income was $0.1 million and $0.5 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively; and was $1.5 million and $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The change in income taxes
associated with changes in benefit plans net gain/(loss) and prior service (cost)/credit was insignificant and $(0.3) million for the quarters ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 and was insignificant for the year to date periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 
   There were no reclassification adjustments impacting net income
for unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities for the quarters or year to date periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The change
in income taxes associated with net unrealized gains on available for sale securities was $(3.3) million and approximately $4.0 million for the
quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and was $(12.4) million and $3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 
 
   The Company has operations in Canada and other countries. The
functional currency for foreign operations is generally the local currency. The value of assets and liabilities of these operations is translated into
U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates during
the year. The resulting foreign currency translation gains and losses, as well as offsetting gains and losses on hedges of net investments in foreign
operations, are reflected in AOCI. Transaction gains and losses resulting from exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other
than the functional currency are recorded in Other Income. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 57  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Reclassifications
                                         Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  (dollars in millions)    

NOTE 12   REGULATORY CAPITAL  
 
   The Company and the Bank are each subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require that the
Company and the Bank each maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Total, Tier 1 and Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1
capital to average assets. We compute capital ratios in accordance with Federal Reserve capital guidelines and OCC capital guidelines for assessing
adequacy of capital for the Company and CIT Bank, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the regulatory capital guidelines
applicable to the Company and the Bank were based on the Basel III Final Rule. 
 
   The calculation of the Company s regulatory capital ratios
are subject to review and consultation with the FRB, which may result in refinements to amounts reported at September 30, 2016. 

58   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes the actual and minimum required
capital ratios: 
 
      Tier
                                         1 Capital and Total Capital Components  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

See Consolidated Balance Sheets for the components of Total
stockholders  equity.   

(2)     

Goodwill and disallowed intangible assets adjustments also
reflect the portion included within assets held for sale.   

(3)     

September 30th, 2016 amount represents the Volcker Rule
requirement of deducting covered funds from equity. This requirement was first implemented in the second quarter of 2016. December 31, 2015 amount
includes the Tier 1 capital charge for nonfinancial equity instruments under Basel I.   

(4)     

Other reserves  represents additional credit loss
reserves for unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit, and deferred purchase agreements, all of which are recorded in Other
Liabilities.   

(5)     

Banking organizations are permitted to include in Tier 2
Capital up to 45% of net unrealized pretax gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair values.   

(6)     

Required ratios under Basel III Final Rule in effect as of the
reporting date.   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 59  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The Basel III Final Rule: (i) introduced a new capital measure
called  Common Equity Tier 1  ( CET1 ) and related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specified that
Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and  Additional Tier 1 capital  instruments meeting certain revised requirements; (iii) mandated that most
deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and (iv) expanded the scope of the
deductions from and adjustments to capital as compared to the prior regulations. 
 
   The Basel III Final Rule also prescribed new approaches for risk
weightings. Of these, CIT will calculate risk weightings using the Standardized Approach. This approach expands the risk-weighting categories from the
former four Basel I-derived categories (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%) to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the
exposure, ranging from 0% for U.S. government and agency securities to as high as 1,250% for such exposures as mortgage backed securities,
credit-enhancing interest-only strips or unsettled security/commodity transactions. 
 
   The Basel III Final Rule established new minimum capital ratios
for CET1, Tier 1 capital, and Total capital of 4.5%, 6.0% and 8.0%, respectively. In addition, the Basel III Final Rule also introduced a new
 capital conservation buffer , composed entirely of CET1, on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer
is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but
below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity   repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the
shortfall. This buffer was implemented beginning January 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and increase by 0.625% on each subsequent January 1, until it
reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019. 
 
    NOTE 13   INCOME TAXES  
 
   The Company s global effective income tax rate from
continuing operations for the third quarter and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 before discrete items was 27% and 31%, respectively, compared
to 24% in the year-ago quarter and 27% in the year-ago nine months period. The increase in the global effective tax rate is primarily driven by the
impact of higher domestic earnings, which shifted the geographic mix of earnings. The tax provision for the third quarter and the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 reflected federal and state income taxes in the U.S. as well as taxes on earnings of certain international
operations. 
 
   Included in the net discrete tax expense of $16 million and $8
million for the current quarter and year to date was: 

n   

$16 million tax expense recorded this quarter related to the
establishment of valuation allowances against certain international net deferred tax assets due to the exit of our international non-strategic
portfolios,  

n   

$14 million tax benefit, including interest and penalties,
recorded in the first quarter resulting from favorable actions taken by the tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions taken on certain prior
year non-U.S. tax returns, and  

n   

Miscellaneous other $6 million of net tax
     expense items year to date.  

Included in the 2015 discrete tax benefit of $593 million and
$598 million for the quarter and year to date was: 

n   

$647 million tax benefit recorded in the third quarter
corresponding to a reduction to the U.S. federal deferred tax asset valuation allowance after considering the impact on earnings of the OneWest
acquisition to support the Company s ability to utilize the U.S. federal net operating losses,  

n   

$29 million tax expense including interest and penalties
recorded in the third quarter related to an uncertain tax position taken on certain prior year international tax returns,  

n   

$28 million tax expense recorded in the third quarter related to
establishment of domestic and international deferred tax liabilities as a result of Management s decision to no longer assert its intent to
indefinitely reinvest its unremitted earnings in China, and  

n   

$9 million tax benefit recorded in the prior quarter
corresponding to a reduction of certain tax reserves upon the receipt of a favorable tax ruling on an uncertain tax position taken on prior years 
tax returns.  

The quarterly income tax expense is based on an updated
projection of the Company s annual effective tax rate. This updated annual effective tax rate is applied to the year-to-date consolidated pre-tax
income to determine the interim provision for income taxes before discrete items. The impact of any change in the projected annual effective tax rate
from the prior quarter is reflected in the quarterly income tax expense. The change in the effective tax rate each period is impacted by a number of
factors, including the relative mix of domestic and international earnings, adjustments to the valuation allowances, and discrete items. The actual
year-end 2016 effective tax rate may vary from the currently projected tax rate due to changes in these factors. 
 
   The Company maintained a valuation allowance of $37 million
against certain non-U.S. reporting entities  net DTAs at September 30, 2016, down from $91 million at December 31, 2015. In January 2016, the
Company sold its U.K. equipment finance business. Thus, there was a reduction of approximately $70 million to the respective U.K. reporting
entities  net DTAs along with their associated valuation allowances. During the third quarter, the Company established $16 million valuation
allowance on the China reporting entities  net DTAs. In the evaluation process related to the net DTAs of the Company s other international
reporting entities, uncertainties surrounding 

60   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

the future international business operations have made it
challenging to reliably project future taxable income. Management will continue to assess the forecast of future taxable income as the business plans
for these international reporting entities evolve and evaluate potential tax planning strategies to utilize these net DTAs. 
 
   The Company s ability to recognize DTAs will be evaluated on
a quarterly basis to determine if there are any significant events that would affect our ability to utilize existing DTAs. If events are identified
that affect our ability to utilize our DTAs, valuation allowances may be adjusted accordingly. 
 
   While GAAP equity increased as a result of the recognition of net
DTAs corresponding to the release of the aforementioned valuation allowances, there was minimal benefit on regulatory capital. 
 
    Liabilities for Uncertain Tax Positions  
 
   The Company s potential liability for uncertain tax
positions before interest and penalties totaled $38.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $46.7 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in the balance
is mainly associated with favorable tax actions taken by the tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions taken on certain prior year non-U.S.
income tax returns. 
 
   The Company anticipates changes to its uncertain tax positions
from the resolution of open tax matters and closure of statutes. Management estimates that the total potential liability before interest and penalties
may be reduced by up to $5 million within the next twelve months. If these amounts are resolved in favor of the Company, they will have a favorable
impact on the effective tax rate in future periods. The Company s accrued liability for interest and penalties totaled $11.9 million at September
30, 2016 and $18.0 million at December 31, 2015. The change in balance is mainly related to the interest and penalties associated with the decrease in
the above mentioned uncertain tax position taken on certain year-ago non-U.S. income tax returns. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 
    NOTE 14   COMMITMENTS  
 
   The accompanying table summarizes credit-related commitments, as
well as purchase and funding commitments:  
 
      Commitments
                                          (dollars in millions)    

Financing Commitments  
 
    Commercial  
 
   Financing commitments, referred to as loan commitments or lines
of credit, reflect CIT s agreements to lend to its customers, subject to the customers  compliance with contractual obligations. Included in
the table above are commitments that have been extended to and accepted by customers, clients or agents, but on which the criteria for funding have not
been completed of $1.1 billion at September 30, 2016 and $859 million at December 31, 2015. Financing commitments also include credit line agreements
to Commercial Services clients that are cancellable by us only after a notice period. The notice period is typically 90 days or less. The amount
available under these credit lines, net of the amount of receivables assigned to us, was $425 million at September 30, 2016 and $406 million at
December 31, 2015. As financing commitments may not be fully drawn, may expire unused, may be reduced or cancelled at the customer s request, and
may require the customer to be in compliance with certain conditions, total commitment amounts do not necessarily reflect actual future cash flow
requirements. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 61  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

The table above includes approximately $1.6 billion of undrawn
financing commitments at September 30, 2016 and $1.7 billion at December 31, 2015 for instances where the customer is not in compliance with
contractual obligations, and therefore CIT does not have the contractual obligation to lend. 
 
   At September 30, 2016, substantially all undrawn financing
commitments were senior facilities. Most of the Company s undrawn and available financing commitments are in the Commercial Banking
segment. 
 
   The table above excludes uncommitted revolving credit facilities
extended by Commercial Services to its clients for working capital purposes. In connection with these facilities, Commercial Services has the sole
discretion throughout the duration of these facilities to determine the amount of credit that may be made available to its clients at any time and
whether to honor any specific advance requests made by its clients under these credit facilities. 
 
    Consumer  
 
   Financing commitments in the table above include $44 million
associated with discontinued operations at September 30, 2016 consisting of HECM reverse mortgage loan commitments. 
 
   In conjunction with the OneWest Transaction, the Company is
committed to fund draws on certain reverse mortgages in conjunction with loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. The FDIC agreed to indemnify the
Company for losses on the first $200 million of draws that occur subsequent to the purchase date. In addition, the FDIC agreed to fund any other draws
in excess of the $200 million. The Company s net exposure for loan commitments on the reverse mortgage draws on those purchased loans was $54
million at September 30, 2016. See  Note 5   Indemnification Assets  for further discussion on loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. In
addition, as servicer of HECM loans, the Company is required to repurchase the loan out of the GNMA HMBS securitization pools once the outstanding
principal balance is equal to or greater than 98% of the maximum claim amount. 
 
   Also included was the Company s commitment to fund draws on
certain home equity lines of credit ( HELOCs ). Under the HELOC participation and servicing agreement entered into with the FDIC, the FDIC
agreed to reimburse the Company for a portion of the draws that the Company made on the purchased HELOCs. 
 
    Letters of Credit  
 
   In the normal course of meeting the needs of clients, CIT
sometimes enters into agreements to provide financing and letters of credit. Standby letters of credit obligate the issuer of the letter of credit to
pay the beneficiary if a client on whose behalf the letter of credit was issued does not meet its obligation. These financial instruments generate fees
and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To minimize potential
credit risk, CIT generally requires collateral and in some cases additional forms of credit support from the client. 
 
    Deferred Purchase Agreements  
 
   A Deferred Purchase Agreement ( DPA ) is provided in
conjunction with factoring, whereby CIT provides a client with credit protection for trade receivables without purchasing the receivables. The trade
receivable terms are generally ninety days or less. If the client s customer is unable to pay an undisputed receivable solely as the result of
credit risk, then CIT purchases the receivable from the client. The outstanding amount in the table above is the maximum potential exposure that CIT
would be required to pay under all DPAs. This maximum amount would only occur if all receivables subject to DPAs default in the manner described above,
thereby requiring CIT to purchase all such receivables from the DPA clients. 
 
   The table above includes $1,984 million and $1,720 million of DPA
credit protection at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, related to receivables which have been presented to us for credit
protection after shipment of goods has occurred and the customer has been invoiced. The table also includes $92 million and $87 million available under
DPA credit line agreements, net of the amount of DPA credit protection provided at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The DPA
credit line agreements specify a contractually committed amount of DPA credit protection and are cancellable by us only after a notice period. The
notice period is typically 90 days or less. 
 
   The methodology used to determine the DPA liability is similar to
the methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses associated with the finance receivables, which reflects embedded losses based on
various factors, including expected losses reflecting the Company s internal customer and facility credit ratings. The liability recorded in Other
Liabilities related to the DPAs totaled $5.7 million and $4.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 
    Purchase and Funding Commitments  
 
   CIT s purchase commitments relate primarily to purchases of
commercial aircraft and rail equipment. Commitments to purchase new commercial aircraft are predominantly with Airbus Industries ( Airbus )
and The Boeing Company ( Boeing ). CIT may also commit to purchase an aircraft directly from an airline. Aerospace equipment purchases are
contracted for specific models, using baseline aircraft specifications at fixed prices, which reflect discounts from fair market purchase prices
prevailing at the time of commitment. The delivery price of an aircraft may change depending on final specifications. Equipment purchases are recorded
at the delivery date. The estimated commitment amounts in the preceding table are based on contracted purchase prices reduced for pre-delivery payments
to date and exclude buyer furnished equipment selected by the lessee. Pursuant to existing contractual commitments, 131  

62   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

aircraft remain to be purchased from Airbus, Boeing and
Embraer at September 30, 2016. Aircraft deliveries are scheduled periodically through 2020. Commitments exclude unexercised options to order additional
aircraft. 
 
   The Company s rail business entered into commitments to
purchase railcars from multiple manufacturers. At September 30, 2016, approximately 3,500 railcars remain to be purchased from manufacturers with
deliveries through 2018. Rail equipment purchase commitments are at fixed prices subject to price increases for certain materials. 
 
   Other vendor purchase commitments primarily relate to Equipment
Finance. 
 
    Other Commitments  
 
   The Company has commitments to invest in affordable housing
investments, and other investments qualifying for community reinvestment tax credits. These commitments are payable on demand. As of September 30,
2016, these commitments were $7 million. These commitments are recorded in accrued expenses and Other liabilities in the condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheet. 
 
    NOTE 15   CONTINGENCIES   
 
    Litigation  
 
   CIT is involved, and from time to time in the future may be
involved, in a number of pending and threatened judicial, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings relating to matters that arise in connection with the
conduct of its business (collectively,  Litigation ). In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of Litigation matters,
particularly when such matters are in their early stages or where the claimants seek indeterminate damages, CIT cannot state with confidence what the
eventual outcome of the pending Litigation will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be, or what the eventual loss,
fines, or penalties related to each pending matter will be, if any. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, CIT establishes reserves for
Litigation when those matters present loss contingencies as to which it is both probable that a loss will occur and the amount of such loss can be
reasonably estimated. Based on currently available information, CIT believes that the results of Litigation that is currently pending, taken together,
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, but may be material to the Company s operating results or cash
flows for any particular period, depending in part on its operating results for that period. The actual results of resolving such matters may be
substantially higher than the amounts reserved. 
 
   For certain Litigation matters in which the Company is involved,
the Company is able to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses in excess of established reserves and insurance. For other matters for which a
loss is probable or reasonably possible, such an estimate cannot be determined. For Litigation where losses are reasonably possible, management
currently estimates the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses as up to $115 million in excess of established reserves and insurance related to
those matters, if any. This estimate represents reasonably possible losses (in excess of established reserves and insurance) over the life of such
Litigation, which may span a currently indeterminable number of years, and is based on information currently available as of September 30, 2016. The
matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from this estimate. 
 
   Those Litigation matters for which an estimate is not reasonably
possible or as to which a loss does not appear to be reasonably possible, based on current information, are not included within this estimated range
and, therefore, this estimated range does not represent the Company s maximum loss exposure. 
 
   The foregoing statements about CIT s Litigation are based on
the Company s judgments, assumptions, and estimates and are necessarily subjective and uncertain. The Company has several hundred threatened and
pending judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings at various stages. Several of the Company s Litigation matters are described
below. 
 
    BRAZILIAN TAX MATTER  
 
   Banco Commercial Investment Trust do Brasil S.A. ( Banco
CIT ), CIT s Brazilian bank subsidiary, was sold in a stock sale in the fourth quarter of 2015, thereby transferring the legal liabilities of
Banco CIT to the buyer. Under the terms of the stock sale, CIT remains liable for indemnification to the buyer for any losses resulting from certain
ICMS tax appeals relating to disputed local tax assessments on leasing services and importation of equipment (the  ICMS Tax
Appeals ). 
 
   Notices of infraction were issued to Banco CIT relating to the
payment of Imposto sobre Circulaco de Mercadorias e Servicos ( ICMS ) taxes charged by Brazilian states in connection with the importation of
equipment. The state of S o Paulo claims that Banco CIT should have paid it ICMS taxes for tax years 2006   2009 because Banco CIT, the
purchaser, was located in S o Paulo. Instead, the ICMS taxes were paid to the state of Espirito Santo where the imported equipment arrived. A
regulation issued by S o Paulo in December 2013 reaffirms a 2009 agreement by S o Paulo to conditionally recognize ICMS tax payments made
to Espirito Santo. An assessment related to taxes paid to Espirito Santo was upheld in a ruling issued by the administrative court in May 2014. That
ruling has been appealed. Another assessment related to taxes paid to Espirito Santo remains pending. Petitions seeking S o Paulo s
recognition of the taxes paid to Espirito Santo have been filed in a general amnesty program. In conjunction with the stock sale, the Company posted a
letter of credit in the amount of 75 million Reais ($23 million USD) to secure the indemnity obligation for the ICMS Tax Appeals. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 63  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

HUD OIG INVESTIGATION  
 
   In 2009, OneWest Bank acquired the reverse mortgage loan
portfolio and related servicing rights of Financial Freedom Senior Funding Corporation, including HECM loans from the FDIC as Receiver for IndyMac
Federal Bank. HECM loans are insured by the FHA and administered by HUD. Subject to certain requirements, the loans acquired from the FDIC are covered
by indemnification agreements. In addition, Financial Freedom is the servicer of HECM loans owned by third party investors. Beginning in the third
quarter of 2015, the Office of the Inspector General for HUD (the  HUD OIG ) served a series of subpoenas on the Company regarding HECM
loans. The subpoenas request documents and other information related to Financial Freedom s HECM loan origination and servicing business,
including the curtailment of interest payments on HECM insurance claims. The Company continues to cooperate with the investigation and has begun
discussions with the HUD OIG regarding the potential resolution of the matter. We do not expect the outcome of the investigation to have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations in light of existing reserves. 
 
    Forward Mortgage Obligations  
 
   As owner and servicer of forward residential mortgage loans, the
Company is exposed to contingent obligations for various obligations including breaches of servicer obligations and other contractual obligations as
set forth in industry regulations, in servicing agreements and other agreements with the applicable counterparties, such as the FDIC, Fannie Mae and
other third party investors. 
 
   The Company has established reserves for contingent liabilities
associated with continuing forward mortgage operations. While the Company believes that such accrued liabilities are adequate, management currently
estimates the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses as up to $55 million in excess of established reserves and insurance, if any. This estimate
is based on information currently available as of September 30, 2016. The obligations underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and
actual results may vary significantly from this estimate. 
 
    Indemnification Obligations  
 
   In connection with the OneWest acquisition, CIT assumed the
obligation to indemnify Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC ( Ocwen ) against certain claims that may arise from servicing errors which are deemed
attributable to the period prior to June 2013, when OneWest sold its servicing business to Ocwen, such as repurchase demands, non-recoverable servicing
advances and compensatory fees imposed by the GSEs for servicer delays in completing the foreclosure process within the prescribed timeframe
established by the servicer guides or agreements, exclusive of losses or repurchase obligations and certain agency fees, and which are limited to an
aggregate amount of $150 million and expire three years from closing (February 2017). Ocwen is responsible for liabilities arising from servicer
obligations following the service transfer date because substantially all risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred; except for certain
Agency fees or loan repurchase amounts. As of September 30, 2016, the cumulative indemnification obligation totaled approximately $49 million, which
reduced the Company s $150 million maximum potential indemnity obligation to Ocwen. Because of the uncertainty in the ultimate resolution and
estimated amount of the indemnification obligation, it is reasonably possible that the obligation could exceed the Company s recorded liability by
up to approximately $25 million as of September 30, 2016. 
 
   In addition, CIT assumed OneWest Bank s obligations to
indemnify Specialized Loan Servicing, LLC ( SLS ) against certain claims that may arise that are attributable to the period prior to
September 2013, the servicing transfer date, when OneWest sold a portion of its servicing business to SLS, such as repurchase demands and
non-recoverable servicing advances. SLS is responsible for substantially all liabilities arising from servicer obligations following the service
transfer date. 
 
    NOTE 16   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS  
 
   During the third quarter of 2015, Strategic Credit Partners
Holdings LLC (the  JV ), a joint venture between CIT Group Inc. ( CIT ) and TPG Special Situations Partners ( TSSP ), was
formed. The JV extends credit in senior-secured, middle-market corporate term loans, and, in certain circumstances, is a participant to such loans.
Participation could be in corporate loans originated by CIT. The JV may acquire other types of loans, such as subordinate corporate loans, second lien
loans, revolving loans, asset backed loans and real estate loans. Through September 30, 2016, loans of $164 million were sold to the joint venture,
while our investment was $9.5 million and $4.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. CIT also maintains an equity interest
of 10% in the JV. 
 
   During 2014, the Company formed two joint ventures (collectively
 TC-CIT Aviation ) between CIT Aerospace and Century Tokyo Leasing Corporation ( CTL ). CIT records its net investment under the
equity method of accounting. Under the terms of the agreements, TC-CIT Aviation will acquire commercial aircraft that will be leased to airlines around
the globe. CIT Aerospace is responsible for arranging future aircraft acquisitions, negotiating leases, servicing the portfolio and administering the
entities. Initially, CIT Aerospace sold 14 commercial aircraft to TC-CIT Aviation in transactions with an aggregate value of approximately $0.6
billion; including nine aircraft sold in 2014 and five aircraft sold in the first quarter of 2015 (these five aircraft were sold at an aggregate amount
of $240 million). In addition to the initial 14 commercial aircraft, CIT sold 5 commercial aircraft with an aggregate value of $226 million in the year
ended December 31, 2015. There were no aircraft sold to TC-CIT Aviation year 

64   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

to date, as of September 30, 2016. In 2016, servicing fees of
$7.1 million were billed by CIT to TC-CIT Aviation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. CIT also made and maintains a minority equity
investment in TC-CIT Aviation in the amount of approximately $65 million at September 30, 2016. CTL made and maintains a majority equity interest in
the joint venture and is a lender to the companies. 
 
   CIT invests in various trusts, partnerships, and limited
liability corporations established in conjunction with structured financing transactions of equipment, power and infrastructure projects. CIT s
interests in these entities were entered into in the ordinary course of business. Other assets included approximately $243 million and $224 million at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, of tax credit investments and investments in non-consolidated entities (including the two joint
ventures discussed above) relating to such transactions that are accounted for under the equity or cost methods. 
 
   The combination of investments in and loans to non-consolidated
entities represents the Company s maximum exposure to loss, as the Company does not provide guarantees or other forms of indemnification to
non-consolidated entities. 
 
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company subserviced loans for a related party with unpaid principal balances of $178.8 million and $204.5 million,
respectively. 
 
    NOTE 17   BUSINESS SEGMENT
INFORMATION  
 
   We changed our segment reporting effective January 1, 2016,
following the previously announced reorganized management structure. CIT manages its business and reports its financial results in four operating
segments: Commercial Banking, Transportation Finance, Consumer and Community Banking, and Non-Strategic Portfolios ( NSP ), and a fifth
non-operating segment, Corporate and Other. 
 
   The following summarizes changes to our segment presentation from
December 31, 2015: 

n   

Commercial Banking (formerly North America Banking, or
 NAB ) no longer includes the Consumer Banking division or the Canadian lending and equipment finance business. Commercial Banking is
comprised of three divisions, Commercial Finance, Real Estate Finance, and Business Capital. Business Capital includes the former Equipment Finance and
Commercial Services divisions.  

n   

Transportation Finance (formerly Transportation  
International Finance or  TIF ) no longer includes the China and the U.K. businesses. Transportation Finance is comprised of three divisions,
Aerospace, Rail, and Maritime Finance.  

n   

Consumer and Community Banking is a new segment that includes
Legacy Consumer Mortgages (the former LCM segment) and other banking divisions that were included in the former NAB segment (Consumer Banking, Mortgage
Lending, Wealth Management and SBA Lending).  

n   

NSP includes businesses that we no longer consider strategic,
including those in Canada, China and the recently exited U.K., that had been included in the former NAB and TIF segments. Historical data will also
include other businesses and portfolios that have been sold, such as Mexico and Brazil.  

All prior period comparisons are conformed to the current period
presentation. 
 
    Management s Policy in Identifying Reportable
Segments  
 
   CIT s reportable segments are comprised of divisions that
are primarily based upon industry categories, geography, target markets and customers served, and, to a lesser extent, the core competencies relating
to product origination, distribution methods, operations and servicing and the nature of their regulatory environment. The Board of Directors and
executive management receive and review financial data at the segment level. 
 
    Types of Products and Services  
 
   Commercial Banking provides a range of lending, leasing and
deposit products, as well as ancillary products and services, including factoring, cash management and advisory services, to small and medium- sized
companies and consumers in the U.S. Lending products include revolving lines of credit and term loans and, depending on the nature and quality of the
collateral, may be referred to as asset-based loans or cash flow loans. These are primarily composed of senior secured loans collateralized by accounts
receivable, inventory, machinery   equipment, real estate, and intangibles, to finance the various needs of our customers, such as working capital,
plant expansion, acquisitions and recapitalizations. Loans are originated through direct relationships with borrowers or through relationships with
private equity sponsors. Revenues generated by Commercial Banking include interest earned on loans, rents collected on leased assets, fees and other
revenue from banking and leasing activities and capital markets transactions, and commissions earned on factoring and related
activities. 
 
   Transportation Finance offers secured lending and leasing
products to midsize and larger companies across the aerospace, rail and maritime industries. Revenues are generated by rents collected on leased
assets, interest on loans, fees, and gains from assets sold. As detailed in Note 19   Subsequent Events, the Company entered into a definitive
agreement to sell the vast majority of the existing Commercial Air business, except for certain aerospace loans funded in CIT Bank. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 65  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Consumer and Community Banking, through its 70 branches and
on-line channel, offers deposits and lending to borrowers who are buying or refinancing homes and custom loan products tailored to the clients 
financial needs. Products include checking, savings, certificates of deposit, and residential mortgage loans. The segment includes a wealth management
group that offers banking services to high net worth individuals. The segment also originates qualified Small Business Administration ( SBA )
504 and 7(a) loans. 
 
   Consumer and Community Banking also consists of legacy portfolios
of single family residential mortgages and reverse mortgages, certain of which are covered by loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Certain Covered
Loans in this segment were previously acquired by OneWest Bank in connection with the IndyMac, First Federal and La Jolla transactions. The FDIC
indemnified OneWest Bank against certain future losses sustained on these loans. CIT may now be reimbursed for losses under the terms of the loss share
agreements with the FDIC. Eligible losses are submitted to the FDIC for reimbursement when a qualifying loss event occurs (e.g., due to foreclosure,
short-sale, charge-offs or a restructuring of a single family residential mortgage loan pursuant to an agreed upon loan modification framework).
Reimbursements approved by the FDIC are usually received within 60 days of submission. 
 
   NSP consists of portfolios that we no longer consider strategic.
The 2016 balances reflect activity from portfolios in Canada and China, as well as from the sale of a U.K. portfolio. These portfolios include
equipment financing, secured lending and leasing to small and middle-market businesses. The prior periods also include activity from other
international portfolios in Mexico and Brazil, which were sold in August and December 2015, respectively, and the U.K., which was sold in January
2016. 
 
    Corporate and Other  
 
   Certain items are not allocated to operating segments and are
included in Corporate   Other. Some of the more significant items include interest income on investment securities, a portion of interest expense,
primarily related to corporate liquidity costs (interest expense), mark-to-market adjustments on non-qualifying derivatives (Other Income),
restructuring charges for severance and facilities exit activities (operating expenses), certain intangible asset amortization expenses (other
expenses) and loss on debt extinguishments and deposit redemptions. 
 
    Segment Profit and Assets  
 
   The following table presents segment data. The three-month and
nine-month results for 2015 include only the results of OneWest Bank s operations for a partial period in the third quarter of
2015. 
 
      Segment
                                         Pre-tax Income (Loss)  (dollars in millions)    

66   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

Segment
                                         Pre-tax Income (Loss)  (dollars in millions) (continued)   

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 67  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

NOTE 18   GOODWILL  
 
   The following table summarizes the goodwill balance by
segment: 
 
      Goodwill
                                          (dollars in millions)    

(1)   

In preparing the interim financial statements for the quarter
ended June 30, 2016, the Company discovered and corrected an immaterial error impacting the December 31, 2015 goodwill allocation among Consumer and
Community Banking and Commercial Banking in the amount of $23.2 million. The reclassification had no impact on the Company s Balance Sheet and
Statements of Income or Cash Flows for any period.   

(2)   

Includes purchase accounting measurement period adjustments
in Commercial Banking and Consumer and Community Banking as well as the transfer of assets to held for sale and foreign exchange translation
adjustments in Transportation Finance.    

The December 31, 2015 goodwill included amounts from CIT s
emergence from bankruptcy in 2009, its 2014 acquisitions of Capital Direct Group and its subsidiaries ( Direct Capital ), and Nacco, an
independent full service railcar lessor, and its 2015 acquisition of OneWest. On January 31, 2014, CIT acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of
Paris-based Nacco, an independent full service railcar lessor in Europe. The purchase price was approximately $250 million and the acquired assets and
liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, resulting in $77 million of goodwill. On August 1, 2014, CIT Bank
acquired 100% of Direct Capital, a U.S. based lender providing equipment financing to small and mid-sized businesses operating across a range of
industries. The purchase price was approximately $230 million and the acquired assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values as
of the acquisition date resulting in approximately $170 million of goodwill. In addition, intangible assets of approximately $12 million were recorded
relating mainly to the valuation of existing customer relationships and trade names. 
 
   On August 3, 2015, CIT acquired 100% of IMB HoldCo LLC, the
parent company of OneWest Bank. The purchase price was approximately $3.4 billion and the acquired assets and liabilities were recorded at their
estimated fair value as of the acquisition date resulting in $663.0 million of goodwill recorded as of December 31, 2015. The determination of
estimated fair values required management to make certain estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows (that may reflect collateral
values), market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and may require adjustments, which can be updated throughout
the year following the acquisition. Subsequent to the acquisition, management continued to review information relating to events or circumstances
existing at the acquisition date. This review resulted in adjustments to the acquisition date valuation amounts, which decreased the goodwill balance
to $642.5 million. $362.6 million of the goodwill balance is associated with the Consumer and Community Banking business segment. The remaining
goodwill was allocated to the Commercial Finance and Real Estate Finance reporting units in Commercial Banking. 
 
   Once goodwill has been assigned, it no longer retains its
association with a particular event or acquisition, and all of the activities within a reporting unit, whether acquired or internally generated, are
available to support the value of goodwill. 
 
    NOTE 19   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
 
    Agreement to Sell CIT Commercial Air
Business  
 
   On October 6, 2016, CIT Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ) announced that it has agreed to sell CIT Commercial Air, its commercial aircraft leasing business, to Avolon Holdings Limited
( Avolon ), an international aircraft leasing company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bohai Capital Holding Co. Ltd. ( Bohai ),
pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among C.I.T. Leasing Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( CIT Leasing ),
Park Aerospace Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avolon, the Company, Bohai, and Avolon (the  Agreement ). The Agreement
provides for the acquisition of all of the capital stock or other equity interests of C2 Aviation Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of CIT Leasing (the  Transaction ). 
 
   CIT is selling the CIT Commercial Air business (the
 Business ) to Avolon, including its operations, forward order commitments, and as of June 30, 2016, certain assets of $11.1 billion and
liabilities of $1.7 billion. The aggregate purchase price payable by Purchaser and its subsidiaries to CIT and its subsidiaries for the Transaction
(the  Purchase Price ) is an amount in cash equal to (a) the adjusted net asset amount of the Business (the  Net Asset Value ) as
of the closing of the Transaction (the  Closing ) plus (b) a premium of $627 million. As of June 30, 2016, the Net Asset Value was
approximately $9.4 billion, which would have resulted in an aggregate purchase price of 

68   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
     CIT GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)  

approximately $10.0 billion. The Net Asset Value is subject
to fluctuation in the ordinary course of business through closing and there can be no assurances as to whether the Net Asset Value at closing will be
higher, lower or the same as the Net Asset Value as of June 30, 2016. 
 
   The transaction is subject to receipt of regulatory approvals in
the United States, China and certain other foreign jurisdictions, the approval of Bohai s shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions. The Transaction is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2017. 
 
   HNA Group, Bohai s majority shareholder, has agreed to vote
its shares in Bohai in favor of the transaction. To reflect its commitment to the transaction, Avolon has deposited $500 million into an escrow account
with a U.S. bank (which will be increased to $600 million during the pendency of the transaction), which is payable to CIT at closing as part of the
purchase price and in certain circumstances if the transaction is not consummated. 
 
    Amended Capital Plan  
 
   The Company received a  non-objection  from
                the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to the Company s Amended Capital Plan submitted to reflect the proposed sale or
                spin-off of Commercial Air under the 2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ( CCAR ). In connection with
                the proposed transaction, the Amended Capital Plan includes a return to shareholders of common equity of $2.975 billion, and
                additional common equity returns of up to $325 million, contingent on the issuance of an equivalent amount of Tier 1
                qualifying preferred stock. The Amended Capital Plan also included dividends on common stock totaling $64 million per
                year after the Transaction is completed. The capital distributions are subject to approval of the Board of Directors of the
                Company (the  Board ) and may be in the form of share repurchases, special dividends, or a combination of the two.
                The Company s quarterly dividends are subject to the Board s approval at the customary times those dividends are
                declared. 
 
   The Company s management and the Board will determine the timing and
amount of any share repurchases and special dividends that may be authorized based on market conditions and other considerations. Any share repurchases
may be effected in the open market, through derivative, accelerated repurchase and other negotiated transactions, and through plans designed to comply
with Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
    CIT Completes Sale of Canadian Equipment Finance and Corporate
Finance Businesses  
 
   In October 2016, CIT completed the sale of its Canadian equipment
finance and corporate finance businesses (CIT Canada), with assets of approximately $700 million, to Laurentian Bank of Canada. As part of the sale,
CIT  transferred approximately 135 employees of CIT Canada to Laurentian Bank. 

Item 1.   Consolidated Financial Statements
 69  

Table of Contents      

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

BACKGROUND 

CIT Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively
 we ,  our ,  CIT  or the  Company ), has provided financial solutions to its clients since its formation in
1908. We provide financing, leasing and advisory services principally to middle market companies in a wide variety of industries primarily in North
America, and equipment financing and leasing solutions to the transportation industry worldwide. We had nearly $60 billion of earning assets at
September 30, 2016. CIT is a bank holding company ( BHC ) and a financial holding company. Through its bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A., CIT
provides a full range of banking and related services to commercial and individual customers through 70 branches located in southern California,
through its online banking, and through other offices in the U.S. and internationally. 
 
   CIT is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System ( FRB ) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. CIT Bank, N.A.
is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, U.S. Department of the Treasury ( OCC ). Prior to the OneWest Transaction, CIT
Bank was regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) and the Utah Department of Financial Institutions
( UDFI ). 
 
   Effective as of August 3, 2015, CIT Group Inc. ( CIT )
acquired IMB HoldCo LLC ( IMB ), the parent company of OneWest Bank, National Association, a national banking association ( OneWest
Bank ). Upon acquisition, CIT Bank, a Utah-state chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of CIT, merged with and into OneWest Bank (the
 OneWest Transaction ), with OneWest Bank surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of CIT with the name CIT Bank, National Association, a
national banking association ( CIT Bank, N.A. ).  Note 2   Acquisitions and Disposition Activities  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  summarizes the acquisition of OneWest Bank; however, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
 Note 2   Acquisition and Disposition Activities  in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for details on the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, along with the assumptions used to value those assets and liabilities. 
 
   The consolidated financial statements include the effects of
Purchase Accounting Adjustments ( PAA ) upon completion of the OneWest Transaction, as required by U.S. GAAP. Accretion and amortization of
certain PAA are included in the consolidated Statements of Income, primarily impacting Net Finance Revenue (Interest income and interest expense) and
Non-interest expenses. 
 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   and   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   contain financial terms
that are relevant to our business and a Glossary of key terms is included in Part 1  Item 1. Business Overview  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 
   Management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures in its
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. See   Non-GAAP Financial Measurements   for a
reconciliation of these financial measures to comparable financial measures based on U.S. GAAP. 
 
    2016 PRIORITIES  
 
   CIT is committed to positioning the Company to deliver long-term
value for shareholders while maintaining a strong risk management culture. CIT s strategic priorities that we presented earlier this year to
advance its transition to a leading national middle market bank include: 

1.    

Focusing on Core Businesses:  Invest in growth and
strengthen its capabilities with respect to its primary lending, leasing and depository solutions for small business and middle market customers while
we:  

n   

Complete the separation of the Commercial Air business by the
end of 2016;  

n   

Complete the sales of the Canada Equipment Finance and
Corporate Finance business and China Equipment Finance business; and  

n   

Complete the integration of OneWest Bank by year
end.  

2.    

Improve Profitability and Return Capital:  Achieve a return
on tangible common equity (ROTCE) of 10 percent by 2018 by executing on initiatives to:  

n   

Optimize the size of the BHC and improve funding costs by
growing its deposit base and transitioning the deposit mix to lower cost deposits;  

n   

Increase net revenue by building out the investment
portfolio;  

n   

Return excess capital to shareholders, subject to regulatory
approvals.  

70   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      

3.    

Maintain Strong Risk Management:  The improvement in
CIT s credit ratings reflects the strength of its franchises, robust liquidity and capital positions and the expansion and diversification of
deposit funding. Additionally, CIT will:  

n   

Maintain strong underwriting standards with focus on appropriate
risk adjusted returns throughout cycles and leverage expertise as an asset-backed lender;  

n   

Enhance our capital planning process; and  

n   

Maintain its culture of compliance and integrity.  

During 2016, we made advances on the above
priorities: 

n   

We closed the sale of the U.K. Equipment Finance business in the
first quarter and closed the sale of the Canada Equipment Finance and Corporate Finance business in October;  

n   

Signed a definitive agreement in October to sell our Commercial
Air business for $10.0 billion, which represents a 6.7% premium to net assets;  

n    

Received a non-objection from the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York to return up to $3.3 billion of capital to shareholders that would occur in conjunction with the Commercial Air
separation  (1)    

n   

We maintained our quarterly dividend at $0.15 per
share;  

n   

We continued to evaluate our businesses for alignment with our
strategy to become a leading national middle market bank and transferred all of the business air portfolio to assets held for sale;  

n   

We continued to review expenses and operating efficiencies,
which resulted in additional organizational streamlining and we expect to be about a third of the way through our $125 million expense savings target
by year end;  

n   

We closed two offices and continued to combine systems to effect
cost savings related to the OneWest Bank acquisition;  

n   

We maintained our strong regulatory capital ratios.  

SEGMENT UPDATES  
 
   As noted in our first quarter Form 10-Q, we changed our segment
reporting effective January 1, 2016, following the previously announced reorganized management structure. CIT manages its business and reports its
financial results in four operating segments: Commercial Banking, Transportation Finance, Consumer and Community Banking, and Non-Strategic Portfolios
( NSP ), and a fifth non-operating segment, Corporate and Other. 
 
   The following summarizes changes to our segment presentation from
December 31, 2015: 

n   

Commercial Banking (formerly North America Banking or
 NAB ) no longer includes the Consumer Banking division or the Canadian lending and equipment finance business. Commercial Banking is
comprised of three divisions, Commercial Finance, Real Estate Finance, and Business Capital. Business Capital includes the former Equipment Finance and
Commercial Services divisions.  

n   

Transportation Finance (formerly Transportation  
International Finance or  TIF ) no longer includes the China and the U.K. businesses. Transportation Finance is comprised of three divisions,
Aerospace (composed of Commercial Air and Business Air), Rail, and Maritime Finance.  

n   

Consumer and Community Banking is a new segment that includes
Legacy Consumer Mortgages (the former LCM segment) and other banking divisions that were included in the former NAB segment (Consumer Banking, Mortgage
Lending, Wealth Management and SBA Lending).  

n   

NSP includes businesses that we no longer consider strategic,
including those in Canada and China and the recently exited U.K., that had been included in the former NAB and TIF segments. Historical data also
include other businesses and portfolios that have been sold, such as Mexico and Brazil.  

All prior period comparisons are conformed to the current period
presentation. 
 
   As disclosed in  Note 19   Subsequent Events  in 
Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements , on October 6, 2016 we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the vast majority of the existing
Commercial Air business, except for certain aerospace loans funded in CIT Bank. Separately, our business air portfolio is classified as assets held for
sale ( AHFS ). In the fourth quarter, we will report these businesses as discontinued operations, with all prior period balances
conformed. 
 
    SUMMARY OF 2016 FINANCIAL RESULTS  
 
   As discussed briefly below and in more detail in various
sections, the three-month and nine month results for 2016 include full period results of OneWest Bank s operations while the three-month and
nine-month results for 2015 include only the results of OneWest Bank s operations for a partial period in the third quarter of 2015. Where
helpful, to more fully understand our operating results, we have included comparisons to the prior quarter in addition to the year-ago
quarter. 
 
     Net income   was $133 million, $0.65 per diluted
share, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $693 million, $3.61 per diluted share for the year-ago quarter. Income from
continuing operations for the third quarter was $148 million, $0.73 per diluted share compared to $697 million, $3.63 per diluted share in the year-ago
quarter. Net income for the year ago quarter included $647 million, $3.37 per diluted share, of income tax benefits associated with the reversal of the
valuation allowance related to the U.S. federal deferred tax asset. 

(1)   

Amended capital plan approval authorizes CIT to return $2.975
billion of common equity from the net proceeds of the Commercial Air sale; additional $0.325 billion contingent upon the issuance of a similar amount
of Tier 1 qualifying preferred stock.   

(2)   

ROTCE is a non-GAAP measure. See  Non-GAAP Financial
Measurements  for reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information.   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   71  

Table of Contents      
 
   Net income for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 was
$294 million, $1.45 per diluted share, compared to $912 million, $5.03 per diluted share, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Income
from continuing operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 was $481 million, $2.38 per diluted share, compared to $916 million,
$5.05 per diluted share for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. Net income for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, also
included $647 million, $3.57 per diluted share, of income tax benefits associated with the reversal of the valuation allowance related to the U.S.
federal deferred tax asset. 
 
   Income from continuing operations of $148 million for the quarter
included net after-tax charges of $28 million from discrete items related to our strategic initiatives. Discrete items included charges related to an
impairment of the business aircraft assets in held for sale, a tax provision to establish a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset related to
our operations in China, and a restructuring charge resulting from operating expense reduction initiatives. In addition to these items, income this
quarter included a mark-to-market charge on the total return swap ( TRS ) partially offset by gains related to our mortgage-backed securities
portfolio. 
 
   The $16 million loss and $187 million loss, net of
                tax,                 for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 in discontinued operations relates to
                Financial                 Freedom, a reverse                 mortgage servicing business CIT acquired as part of the OneWest
                Bank acquisition in August                 2015. The quarter loss included a                 $19 million pre-tax impairment
                charge on the servicing liability related to                 our reverse mortgage servicing operations. The
                year to date loss also included a pre-tax charge of                 approximately $230 million related to an increase in the
                interest                 curtailment reserve described below. No additional net reserves were recorded to the interest
                curtailment reserve in the third quarter. However, in preparing the interim financial statements for the quarter ended
                September 30, 2016, the Company discovered and corrected an error, which was determined to be immaterial to the current and
                prior quarters, resulting in a $10 million pre-tax overstatement of the interest curtailment reserve that should have been
                recorded in the prior quarter, which was offset by other increases to the reserve resulting from the Company s
                quarterly reserving process. See  Discontinued Operation  section for further                 information. 
 
     Income from continuing operations, before provision for
income taxes,   totaled $225 million, up from $137 million for the year-ago quarter, driven by the OneWest Bank acquisition, and down from $275
million in the prior quarter, primarily due to lower other income and higher credit costs. Year to date, pre-tax income totaled $705 million in 2016
and $438 million in 2015. 
 
     Net finance revenue (3)    ( NFR )
was $535 million in the current quarter, compared to $541 million in the prior quarter and $482 million in the year-ago quarter. Net finance revenue as
a percentage of average earning assets  (3)   ( net finance margin ) was down slightly from the prior quarter and from the
year-ago quarter. The decreases in net finance revenue and net finance margin from the prior quarter were driven by Commercial Banking, which was down
slightly due to a prior quarter interest recovery, and in Rail, which had lower rental revenue. Average earning assets were down slightly compared to
the prior quarter reflecting prepayments and asset sales in Commercial Banking and run-off in the liquidating portfolios. Year to date, NFR was $1,629
million, up from $1,162 million in 2015. 
 
   The increase in NFR and average earning assets from the year-ago
quarter and year to date periods reflects the inclusion of OneWest Bank for the entire 2016 periods, compared to approximately two months in
2015. 
 
     Provision for credit losses   of $46 million
increased from the prior quarter primarily due to reserve build in Commercial Banking and Maritime. The decrease from the year-ago quarter also
reflects the lower asset level. Year to date, the provision for credit losses was $174 million, up from $103 million in the prior year, reflecting the
higher asset level and higher provision related to the energy and maritime portfolios. 
 
     Credit metrics   reflect non-accrual loans of $289
million (0.96% of finance receivables) increased from $283 million (0.93%) in the prior quarter primarily due to one account in the maritime portfolio,
partially offset by accounts returned to accrual, repayments and charge-offs. The increase compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily due to increases
in the energy and maritime portfolios. Net charge-offs were $23 million (0.31% of average finance receivables). Excluding the impact relating to assets
transferred to held for sale in all periods, net charge-offs were $15 million (0.20% of average finance receivables), compared to $16 million (0.21%)
in the prior quarter and $21 million (0.29%) in the year-ago quarter. 
 
     Other income   of $74 million includes fee revenues,
factoring commissions and gains, losses or valuation adjustments. While both fee revenues and factoring commissions increased from the prior quarter,
total other income declined from $104 million in the prior quarter due to a decline in net gains on various assets and a decline in other revenues.
Other Income was $39 million in the year-ago quarter. 
 
   Other income in the third quarter of 2016 included $10 million in
gains from the mortgage-backed securities portfolio, offset by an $18 million impairment charge related to Business Air and a $20 million
mark-to-market charge on the TRS. Other Income in the prior quarter included gains on asset sales, primarily in Rail, mostly offset by impairment
charges on certain rail assets when transferred to held for sale, and a $4 million impairment on the business aircraft assets also transferred to
assets held for sale. The prior quarter also included a $9 million mark-to-market benefit on the TRS and $5 million in gains on mortgage-backed
securities. Other Income in the year-ago quarter included a $24 million charge on the TRS, a $19 million charge related to a currency translation
adjustment and a $15 million impairment related to our non-strategic portfolios. 

(3)   

Net finance revenue and average earning assets are non-GAAP
measures; see  Non-GAAP Financial Measurements  for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information.   

72   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     Operating expenses   were
                $332 million, $334 million and $338 million in the current quarter, year-ago quarter and prior quarter, respectively.
                Year to date, operating expenses were $1,018 million in 2016 and $811 million in 2015. Operating expenses, excluding
                restructuring costs and intangible asset amortization  (4)  , of $323 million were up slightly compared
                to the prior quarter of $321 million, reflecting higher legal and sales tax expense in Business Capital, partially
                offset by lower expenses on Real Estate Owned ( OREO  or  REO ) in Consumer   Community Banking.
                The slight                 decrease from the year-ago quarter reflects one-time integration expenses in the year-ago quarter
                and lower employee                 expenses. The net efficiency ratio  (5)   of 53% increased compared to the
                prior quarter, and the improvement                 from the year-ago quarter reflects the addition of OneWest Bank. Headcount
                at                 September 30, 2016 was 4,650, unchanged                 from the prior quarter and down from 4,960 a
                year-ago primarily from                 strategic initiatives. Restructuring costs                 in this quarter and the
                prior quarter continue to reflect our                 strategic initiatives to reduce operating expenses,
                while the amortization of intangibles was primarily due                 to the OneWest Bank acquisition. 
 
     Provision for income taxes   of $77 million for the
quarter included $16 million of net discrete tax expense for the recording of a valuation allowance against the international deferred tax asset
related to our operations in China. The provision in the prior quarter was $94 million, including $4 million of net discrete tax expense. The year-ago
quarter provision was a $560 million benefit, which included a $647 million reversal of the Valuation Allowance, partially offset by $56 million in
discrete charges related to our international business. 
 
     Total assets of continuing operations (6) 
  were $65.5 billion at September 30, 2016, down from $66.2 billion at June 30, 2016 and $66.9 billion at December 31, 2015. 

Financing and leasing assets  ( FLA ), which
includes loans, operating lease equipment and assets held for sale ( AHFS ), were $49.3 billion, down slightly from $49.7 billion at June 30,
2016, reflecting prepayments and asset sales, primarily in the Commercial Finance division of Commercial Banking and $50.4 billion at December 31,
2015, also reflecting sales and run-off of the Non-Strategic Portfolio assets.  

Deposits   at $32.9 billion were essentially flat
from the prior quarter and increased slightly from December 31, 2015. 
 
     Borrowings   were $16.5 billion, down from $17.5
billion at June 30, 2016 and $18.4 billion at December 31, 2015. The declines were primarily in secured borrowings, related to redemptions and
maturities of structured financings and FHLB advances. 
 
     Regulatory capital ratios   increased from the prior
quarter, reflecting an increase in capital while risk weighted assets declined slightly, primarily driven by a decline in loans and leases. The
increase from December 31, 2015 also reflected lower off balance sheet commitments. 
 
     DISCONTINUED OPERATION  

Reverse Mortgage Servicing  
 
   The $16 million loss and $187 million loss, net of tax, for the
quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016, in discontinued operations relates to Financial Freedom, a reverse mortgage servicing business CIT
acquired as part of the OneWest Bank acquisition in August 2015. 
 
   The quarter loss included a $19 million pre-tax impairment charge
on the servicing liability related to our reverse mortgage servicing operations. 
 
   The year to date loss also included a pre-tax charge
                of approximately $230 million related to an increase in the interest curtailment reserve described below. No additional net reserves were recorded to the interest curtailment reserve in the third quarter. However,
in preparing the interim financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company discovered and corrected an
error, which was determined to be immaterial to the current and prior quarters, resulting in a $10 million pre-tax overstatement
of the interest curtailment reserve that should have been recorded in the prior quarter, which was offset by other increases to
the reserve resulting from the Company s quarterly reserving process. 
 
   The Financial Freedom reverse mortgage servicing operation
services approximately 85,000 reverse mortgages, with over $17.6 billion of unpaid principal balance. The majority of the mortgages are Home Equity
Conversion Mortgages ( HECMs ) that are administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) and insured by the
Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ). 
 
   As disclosed in CIT s Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015, CIT
determined that there was a material weakness related to the HECM interest curtailment reserve associated with this business. During the prior quarter,
as a result of the ongoing process to remediate the material weakness and taking into consideration the investigation being conducted by the Office of
Inspector General ( OIG ) for HUD, the Company recorded additional reserves, reflecting a change 

(4)   

Operating expenses excluding restructuring costs and
intangible asset amortization and Net efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure. See  Non-GAAP Measurements  for reconciliation of non-GAAP
financial information.   

(5)   

Net efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure. See
 Non-GAAP Measurements  for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information.   

(6)   

Total assets from continuing operations is a non-GAAP
measure. See  Non-GAAP Measurements  for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   73  

Table of Contents      
 
   in estimate, of approximately $230 million, which is net of a
corresponding increase in the indemnification receivable from the FDIC. This review and the related investigation are ongoing, and, as a result, there
could be additional changes to the financial statements in future periods. 
 
   Pursuant to ASC 205-20, the Financial Freedom business was
reflected as discontinued operations as of the August 3, 2015 acquisition date and in the subsequent periods. The business includes the entire third
party servicing of reverse mortgage operations, which consist of personnel, systems and servicing assets. The $453 million of assets of discontinued
operations include primarily HECM loans and servicing advances. The liabilities of discontinued operations include reverse mortgage servicing
liabilities, which relates primarily to loans serviced for third party investors, secured borrowings and contingent liabilities. In addition,
continuing operations includes a portfolio of reverse mortgages of $869 million at September 30, 2016, which are recorded in the Consumer and Community
Banking segment and are serviced by Financial Freedom. 
 
   Further details of the discontinued business, along with
condensed balance sheet and income statement items, are included in  Note 2   Acquisition and Disposition Activities  and see  Note 15
  Contingencies  for discussion related to the servicing business in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
    Fourth Quarter Additions  
 
   As previously noted, we entered into a definitive sale agreement
in October 2016 to sell the vast majority of our Commercial Air business. Based on the definitive sales agreement, the activity of the Commercial Air
business that is subject to the agreement, as well as activity associated with the Business Air assets, will be reported as discontinued
operations in the 2016 fourth quarter. See Business Segments   Transportation Finance for limited data on these businesses that will be reported
as discontinued operations. 
 
   Our preliminary estimate as of this time, based on the balances
as of September 30, 2016 and for the quarter and year to date periods ended September 30, 2016 for the discontinued operations of Commercial and
Business Air is as follows: 

1.   

Assets of discontinued operations as of September 30, 2016 of
$12.6 billion, which consists primarily of operating lease equipment of $9.6 billion, assets held for sale of $1.1 billion and other assets of $1.8
billion.  

Unless specifically noted, the discussions and data
                presented throughout the following sections reflect CIT balances on a continuing operations basis as of the periods
                presented.  
 
     NET FINANCE REVENUE  

The following tables present NFR.  
 
      Net
                                         Finance Revenue  (1)    (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

NFR and AEA are non-GAAP measures; see  Non-GAAP
Financial Measurements  sections for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information.    

NFR and net finance margin ( NFM ) are key metrics used
by management to measure the profitability of our earning assets. NFR includes interest and yield-related fee income on our loans and capital leases,
rental income on our operating lease equipment, and interest and dividend income on cash and investments, less funding costs and depreciation,
maintenance and other operating lease expenses from our operating lease equipment. Since our 

74   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
    asset composition includes a high level of operating lease
equipment (28% of AEA for the quarter ended September 30, 2016), NFM is a more appropriate metric for CIT than net interest margin ( NIM ) (a
common metric used by other BHCs), as NIM does not fully reflect the earnings of our portfolio because it includes the impact of debt costs on all our
assets but excludes the net revenue (rental income less depreciation, maintenance and other operating lease expenses) from operating leases. As
discussed further in this section, our operating lease portfolio consists primarily of aerospace and rail assets. The sale of the Commercial Air
business will lessen the impact of the operating lease portfolio on the NFR and NFM. 
 
   The following table includes average balances from revenue
generating assets along with the respective revenues and average balances of deposits and borrowings with the respective interest expenses.

Average
                                         Balances and Rates  (1)   for the Quarters Ended  (dollars in millions)  

(1)   

Average rates are impacted by purchase accounting accretion
and amortization.   

(2)   

The balance and rate presented is calculated net of average
credit balances for factoring clients.   

(3)   

Non-accrual loans and related income are included in the
respective categories.   

(4)   

Operating lease rental income is a significant source of
revenue; therefore, we have presented the rental revenues net of depreciation and net of maintenance and other operating lease
expenses.   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   75  

Table of Contents      
 
   The increase in average earning assets from the year-ago quarter
primarily reflects the acquisition of OneWest Bank, (i.e. the inclusion for an entire quarter), along with modest asset growth. Average earning assets
decreased slightly compared to the prior quarter reflecting prepayments and asset sales in Commercial Finance and run-off in the liquidating
portfolios, partially offset by seasonal growth in factored receivables in Business Capital as well as growth in Rail and in Other Consumer
Banking. 
 
   Compared to the year-ago quarter, finance revenues increased 8%,
generated by the higher AEA and accretion of $64 million resulting from the fair value discount on earning assets recorded for purchase accounting,
along with new business volume. Accretion on loans totaled $46 million and $70 million in the year-ago and prior quarters, respectively. (Purchase
accounting accretion impacts on interest income and interest expense is displayed in a table below.) Finance revenues were down slightly from the prior
quarter driven by lower level of loans and operating lease rental income, discussed further below. 
 
   The yield on AEA of 5.52% was down from the year-ago and prior
quarters, driven by the continued low rate environment and compression on operating lease margins. Interest on loans of 5.91% was down from the
year-ago quarter, as the benefit from higher accretion of purchase accounting adjustments as a result of the acquisition timing was offset by yield
compression in certain loan and lease classes. The modest decrease from the prior quarter reflects lower benefits from prepayments. Compared to the
prior quarter, the yield on AEA was down slightly from 5.56%, mostly driven by lower rental rates on operating lease equipment. 
 
   We grew our operating lease portfolio slightly during the
quarter, which primarily consists of transportation related assets, aircraft and railcars, resulting in the higher average balance. As discussed
elsewhere, we signed a definitive sale agreement in October 2016 for our commercial aircraft leasing business, which constitutes approximately 56% of
the Company s operating lease equipment balance at September 30, 2016. Operating lease revenues and yields are discussed later in this
section. 
 
   Revenues generated on our cash deposits and investments reflect
the existing low rate environment and were not significant in any of the periods. Revenues on cash deposits and investments have grown compared to the
year-ago quarter as the investments from the OneWest Bank acquisition, mostly MBSs, carry a higher rate of return than the previously owned investment
portfolio and include a purchase accounting adjustment that accretes into income, thus increasing the yield. 
 
   Compared to the year-ago quarter, the increase in average
interest bearing liabilities reflects the acquired deposits and borrowings, essentially all FHLB advances, along with growth. The overall rate as a
percentage of AEA was down due to the higher percentage of AEA being funded by deposits, along with a higher mix of low cost deposits. Interest expense
was down modestly in amount compared to the year-ago quarter, reflective of the added liability balances from the OneWest Bank acquisition and lower
funding costs. Compared to the prior quarter, interest expense and average balances were essentially flat. Interest expense for the current, year-ago
and prior quarters was reduced by $3 million, $5 million and $4 million, respectively, reflecting the accretion of purchase accounting adjustments on
borrowings and deposits. Interest expense on deposits was up from the year-ago quarter, driven by the higher balances and partially offset by deposit
mix. The decline in rate was the result of the lower cost deposits from OneWest Bank. Interest expense on borrowings is a function of the products and
was mostly impacted by the OneWest Bank acquisition, which increased FHLB advances. FHLB advances had lower rates than our average borrowings in the
year-ago quarter, thus reducing the average rate. 
 
   At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and September 30, 2015
our funding mix, based on disclosed balances that include discounts and purchase accounting adjustments, was as follows:  
 
      Borrowing Mix     

The table shows the growth in our use of lower cost deposits, and
these proportions will fluctuate in the future depending upon our funding activities. 

76   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   The following table details further the rates of interest bearing
liabilities. 
 
      Interest-Bearing
                                         Deposits and Borrowings Average Balances and Rates for the Quarters Ended  (dollars in millions)    

Total
                                         Deposits Average Balances and Rates for the Quarters Ended  (dollars in millions)  

(1)     

Includes deposit sweep arrangements related to money market
and healthcare savings accounts.   

(2)     

Average balance excludes non-interest-bearing deposits such as
escrow accounts, security deposits, and other similar accounts, therefore totals may differ from other average balances included in this
document.   

Deposits and borrowings are also discussed in Funding and
Liquidity. See  Select Financial Data (Average Balances)  section for more information on borrowing rates. 
 
   The following table depicts selected earning asset yields and
margin related data for our segments, plus select divisions within the segments.  
 
      Segment
                                         Average Yield and Other Data  (dollars in millions)    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   77  

Table of Contents      
 
      Segment
                                         Average Yield and Other Data  (dollars in millions) (continued)   

78   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Segment
                                         Average Yield and Other Data  (dollars in millions) (continued)   

Gross yields (interest income plus rental income on operating
leases as a % of AEA) in Commercial Banking were up from the year-ago quarter in each of the divisions, and mixed compared to the prior quarter,
partially due to lower purchase accounting accretion. Compared to the year-ago quarter, gross yields benefited from higher purchase accounting
accretion. Purchase accounting accretion related to interest income is included in Commercial Finance and Real Estate Finance as detailed in the table
below. 
 
   Gross yields in Transportation Finance decreased from the
year-ago quarter as the increase in Aerospace was offset by a decline in gross yields in Rail, reflecting reduced utilization in energy-related
railcars and lease rates on new leases below the existing portfolio. Compared to the prior quarter, yields in Aerospace were up, on stable rates and
lower operating lease expenses, while yields in Rail were impacted by lower rentals. Rail portfolio yields decreased by almost 80 bps, primarily driven
by lower renewal rates that re-priced down approximately 25% on average. The impact of re-pricing will fluctuate each quarter depending on the number
and type of cars renewing and the lease terms. 
 
   Consumer and Community Banking gross yields were slightly lower
from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower purchase accounting accretion on mortgage loans in LCM. Purchase accounting accretion will decline as
the portfolio matures. Purchase accounting accretion was essentially all related to LCM as detailed in the table below. 
 
   NSP contains run-off portfolios, and as a result, gross yields
varied due to asset sales and lower balances. 
 
   As mentioned in the previous paragraphs, NFR and NFM
                are impacted by purchase accounting accretion. Essentially all of the PAA accretion relates to the 2015 acquisition of
                OneWest Bank. A small amount in Corporate (interest expense) relates to a prior acquisition. Generally, PAA accretes or
                amortizes over the life of the loan or liability instrument (debt or deposits). The remaining terms of the individual
                commercial loans and consumer loans within pools acquired in the OneWest bank acquisition varied greatly. Commercial loan
                portfolios as of the acquisition date (August 3, 2015) had a weighted average life that generally ranged from two to six
                years,                 while                 the                 consumer portfolios had longer durations, generally six to
                eleven years. In                 instances when a loan                 prepays, the loan s                 remaining PAA
                will be accelerated into                 interest income. This accelerated amount                 could result in
                fluctuations from quarter to                                 quarter. The following table displays PAA accretion by segment
                and division for both interest income and                 interest expense.  
 
      Purchase
                                         Accounting Accretion (PAA)  (dollars in millions)    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   79  

Table of Contents      

Purchase
                                         Accounting Accretion (PAA)  (dollars in millions) (continued)   

(1)     

Loans acquired in the OneWest Bank acquisition were recorded
at a net discount, therefore the purchase accounting accretion of that adjustment increases interest income.   

(2)     

Debt and deposits acquired in the OneWest Bank acquisition
were recorded at a net premium, therefore the purchase accounting accretion of that adjustment decreases interest expense.   

The following table sets forth the details on net operating lease
revenues. 
 
      Net
                                         Operating Lease Data  (dollars in millions)    

Net operating lease revenue was primarily generated from
commercial air, a business that is subject to a definitive sale agreement, and rail portfolios. Net operating lease revenue was flat compared to the
year-ago quarter, and down slightly from the prior quarter. Both comparisons reflect the benefit from growth in the portfolio offset by lower rates and
lower utilization. 
 
   Aircraft utilization remains strong, with all but two aircraft
either leased or under a commitment at year-end, and all of the 15 aircraft scheduled for delivery in the next twelve months have lease commitments.
Rail utilization continued to reflect soft demand for crude, coal and steel cars, while demand for other types of cars was fairly stable. Rail
utilization remained at approximately 94% compared to the prior quarter, down from 96% at December 31, 2015. We do not expect much change in demand for
crude, coal and steel cars, therefore we still expect railcar utilization to move toward the low 90% range and rental rates to decline as leases
re-new. About 41% of the total railcar order-book has lease commitments. 
 
   80   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   Depreciation on operating lease equipment mostly reflects
transportation equipment balances and includes amounts related to impairments on equipment in the portfolio. Depreciation expense as a percentage of
AOL was fairly constant in the presented quarters. When a long-lived asset is classified as AHFS, depreciation expense is no longer recognized, and the
asset is evaluated for impairment with any such charge recorded in other income. (See   Non-interest Income   Impairment on assets held for
sale   for discussion on impairment charges). Consequently, net operating lease revenue includes rental income on operating lease equipment
classified as AHFS, but there is no related depreciation expense. The amount of suspended depreciation on operating lease equipment in AHFS totaled $7
million, $5 million and $5 million for the current, year-ago and prior quarters, respectively. Year to date, the amount of suspended depreciation
totaled $15 million in 2016 and $21 million in 2015. Operating lease equipment in AHFS totaled $86 million at September 30, 2016, $93 million at
December 31, 2015, and $165 million at September 30, 2015. 
 
   In the fourth quarter of 2016, due to the definitive sale
agreement that we entered into in October 2016, we will classify our commercial air business as AHFS and record as a discontinued operation.
Transferring the operation will cause us to suspend the recognition of depreciation on the operating lease equipment, which recently has been
approximately $100 million per quarter. 
 
   Maintenance and other operating lease expenses primarily relate
to the rail portfolio and to a lesser extent aircraft re-leasing, and will fluctuate. Maintenance and other operating lease expenses was up compared to
the year-ago quarter reflecting increased maintenance, freight and storage costs in rail and growth in the portfolios, and down from the prior quarter,
which included elevated transition costs on aircraft. 
 
   Upon emergence from bankruptcy in 2009, CIT applied Fresh Start
Accounting ( FSA ) in accordance with GAAP. The most significant remaining discount at September 30, 2016, related to operating lease
equipment ($1.2 billion related to rail operating lease equipment and $0.5 billion to aircraft operating lease equipment). The discount on the
operating lease equipment was, in effect, an impairment of the operating lease equipment upon emergence from bankruptcy, as the assets were recorded at
their fair value, which was less than their carrying value. The recording of the FSA adjustment reduced the asset balances subject to depreciation and
thus decreases depreciation expense over the remaining useful life of the operating lease equipment or until it is sold. 
 
   See   Expenses   Depreciation on operating lease
equipment   and   Concentrations   Operating Leases   for additional information. 
 
     CREDIT METRICS 

Non-accrual loans of $289 million (0.96% of finance receivables)
increased from $283 million (0.93%) at June 30, 2016 and were up from $268 million (0.85%) at December 31, 2015. Non-accrual loans increased from the
prior quarter due primarily to one new non-accrual account of $49 million in the maritime portfolio partially offset by accounts returned to accrual,
charge-offs and repayments. The increase compared to December 31, 2015 is primarily due to increases in the energy and maritime portfolios.
Non-accruals are presented in a table and discussed later in this section. 
 
   The provision for credit losses reflects loss adjustments related
to loans recorded at amortized cost, off-balance sheet commitments and related reimbursements under indemnification agreements. The provision for
credit losses was $46 million, up from the prior quarter as there was reserve build in the Commercial Banking and Maritime portfolios. The provision
for credit losses decreased from the year-ago quarter and increased year to date, driven by credit migration in certain portfolios. 
 
   Net charge-offs of $23 million (0.31% of average finance
receivables ( AFR )) in the current quarter included $8 million of receivables transferred to AHFS, mostly related to certain loans in
Commercial Finance and Aerospace. Excluding assets transferred to held for sale, net charge-offs were $15 million (0.20% of AFR), relatively flat from
$16 million (0.21%) in the prior quarter and down from $21 million (0.29%) in the year-ago quarter. Recoveries of $7 million were up from the prior
quarter and relatively flat from the year-ago quarter. Net charge-offs are presented in a table and discussed later in this section. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   81  

Table of Contents      
 
   The following table presents detail on our allowance for loan
losses, including charge-offs and recoveries and provides summarized components of the provision and allowance:  
 
      Allowance
                                         for Loan Losses  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Includes amounts related to reserves on unfunded loan
commitments and letters of credit, and for deferred purchase agreements, which are reflected in Other Liabilities, as well as foreign currency
translation adjustments.   

82   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   The allowance for loan losses was $422 million (1.41% of finance
receivables, 1.66% excluding loans subject to loss sharing agreements with the FDIC) at September 30, 2016, compared to $399 million (1.31% of finance
receivables, 1.55% excluding loans subject to loss sharing agreements with the FDIC) at June 30, 2016 and $335 million (1.03% of finance receivables,
1.23% excluding loans subject to loss sharing agreements with the FDIC) at September 30, 2015. The increase in allowance for loan losses from the prior
quarter was primarily due to reserve builds across the divisions of Commercial Banking, as well as $5 million related to Maritime Finance. The increase
from the year-ago quarter was concentrated in the energy and maritime portfolios. Including the impact of the principal loss discount on credit
impaired loans, which is essentially a reserve for credit losses on the discounted loans, the commercial loan allowance to finance receivables was
1.93% compared to 1.83% at June 30, 2016 and 1.78% at September 30, 2015. The consumer loans ratio was 6.73% at September 30, 2016 compared to 7.20% at
June 30, 2016 and 9.84% at September 30, 2015, as most of the consumer loans purchased were credit impaired and are partially covered by loss sharing
agreements with the FDIC. The decrease was driven by the shift in asset mix as new originations offset the run-off of the purchased credit impaired
portfolio. 
 
   In addition, we continuously update the allowance as we monitor
credit quality within industry sectors. For instance, industry pressures in the energy and maritime sectors resulted in a reserve build in both
portfolios in 2016. CIT s loans to the oil and gas industry are included in Commercial Banking and totaled $0.7 billion or 2.4% of total loans at
September 30, 2016, of which 39% were criticized. The decline of $0.1 billion in oil and gas loans was driven by loan sales and pay downs. The
portfolio has loss coverage of 11.7% of the principal balance, reflecting the purchase accounting discount for loans acquired from OneWest Bank and the
allowance for loan losses. The impact of lower oil and natural gas prices on the energy related sectors of Rail are reflected in lower utilization
rates and lease rates for tank cars, sand cars and coal cars, not in non-accrual loans, provision for credit losses, or net charge-offs, since it is
primarily an operating lease portfolio, not a loan portfolio.  
 
      Loan
                                         Net Carrying Value  (dollars in millions)    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   83  

Table of Contents      
 
   The following table presents charge-offs, by class and business
segment. See  Results by Business Segment  for additional information. 
 
      Net
                                         Charge-offs  (dollars in millions)    

84   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   Net charge-offs in the current quarter included $8 million
related to the transfer of receivables to AHFS, $6 million of which related to loans in Commercial Banking, with the remaining due to commercial air
loans in Transportation Finance. Net charge-offs in the prior quarter included $25 million related to the transfer of receivables to AHFS, primarily
related to the business aircraft portfolio. Excluding assets transferred to held-for-sale in all periods, net charge-offs were $15 million (0.20% of
average finance receivables) in the quarter, $16 million (0.21%) in the prior quarter, primarily in Commercial Banking, and $21 million (0.29%) in the
year-ago quarter. The current quarter net charge-offs includes $7 million in the energy (oil and gas) portfolio, of which $1 million related to loans
that were sold or transferred to assets held for sale. The prior quarter net charge offs included $17 million in the energy (oil and gas) portfolio.
Charge-offs associated with AHFS do not generate future recoveries as the loans are generally sold before recoveries can be realized and any gains on
sales are reported in Other Income. 
 
   The tables below present information on non-accruing loans, which
includes loans related to AHFS for each period, and when added to OREO and other repossessed assets, sums to non-performing assets. PCI loans are
excluded from these tables as they are written down at acquisition to their fair value using an estimate of cashflows deemed to be collectible.
Accordingly, such loans are no longer classified as past due or non-accrual even though they may be contractually past due because we expect to fully
collect the new carrying values of these loans.  
 
      Non-accrual
                                         Loans  (dollars in millions)    

NM   Not meaningful; Non-accrual loans include loans held
for sale. All of NSP non-accrual loans reflected loans held for sale; since there was no portfolio loans, no % is displayed.   
 
   Non-accrual loans rose from December 31, 2015 due to additional
amounts in the energy portfolio in Commercial Finance and an increase in the maritime portfolio in Transportation Finance partially offset by accounts
returned to accrual, charge-offs and repayments. Real estate owned as a result of loans foreclosed was $87 million at September 30, 2016, down from $90
million at June 30, 2016 and $122 million at December 31, 2015, most of which is recorded in Consumer and Community Banking. 
 
   Approximately 65% of our non-accrual accounts were paying
currently compared to 48% at June 30, 2016. Our impaired loan carrying value (including PAA discount, specific reserves and charge-offs) to estimated
outstanding unpaid principal balances approximated 86%, compared to 82% at June 30, 2016. For this purpose, impaired loans are comprised principally of
non-accrual loans over $500,000 and TDRs. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   85  

Table of Contents      
 
   Total delinquency (30 days or more) at 1% of finance receivables
decreased from the prior quarter.  
 
      Forgone
                                         Interest  (dollars in millions)    

The Company periodically modifies the terms of loans/finance
receivables in response to borrowers  difficulties. Modifications that include a financial concession to the borrower, which otherwise would not
have been considered, are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ). For those accounts that were modified but were not
considered to be TDRs, it was determined that no concessions had been granted by CIT to the borrower. Borrower compliance with the modified terms is
the primary measurement that we use to determine the success of these programs. 
 
   The tables that follow reflect loan carrying values of accounts
that have been modified, excluding PCI loans.  
 
      TDRs
                                         and Modifications  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Table depicts the predominant element of each modification,
which may contain several of the characteristics listed.    

Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans ( PCI
Loans )   
 
   Loans acquired in the OneWest Transaction were recorded at
estimated fair value at the time of acquisition. Credit losses were included in the determination of estimated fair value and were effectively recorded
as purchase accounting discounts on loans as part of the fair value of the finance receivables. For PCI loans, a portion of the discount attributable
to embedded credit losses of both principal, which we refer to as  principal loss discount,  and future interest was recorded as a
non-accretable discount and is utilized as such losses occur. Any incremental deterioration on these loans results in incremental provisions or
charge-offs. Improvements, or an increase in forecasted cash flows in excess of the non-accretable discount, reduces any allowance on the loan
established after the acquisition date. Once such allowance (if any) has been reduced, the non-accretable discount is reclassified to accretable
discount and is recorded as finance income over the remaining life of the account. PCI loans are not included in non-accrual loans or in past-due
loans. 
 
   PCI loans, TDRs and other credit quality information is included
in  Note 3   Loans  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements . 

86   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     NON-INTEREST INCOME 

As presented in the following table, Non-interest Income includes
Rental Income on Operating Leases and Other Income. The following discussion is on a consolidated basis; Non-interest income is also discussed in each
of the individual segments in  Results By Business Segment .  
 
      Non-interest
                                         Income  (dollars in millions)    

Rental income on operating leases  from equipment we lease
is generated largely in the Transportation Finance segment and recognized principally on a straight line basis over the lease term. Rental income is
discussed in  Net Finance Revenues  and  Results by Business Segment . As discussed in Note 19   Subsequent Events in Item 1.
Consolidated Financial Statements, the commercial air business is subject to a definitive sales agreement. This portfolio consists of a significant
portion of the operating lease equipment and rental income. 
 
   Other income increased from the year-ago and prior quarter
reflecting the following: 
 
    Fee revenues  include fees on lines of credit and letters
of credit, capital markets-related fees, agent and advisory fees, and servicing fees for the assets that we sell, but for which we retain servicing.
Fee revenue also includes banking fee products such as cash management fees and account fees. The increase from the year-ago periods reflect the
additional fees from the OneWest Bank acquisition, and the increase from the prior quarter reflects higher capital markets-related
fees. 
 
    Factoring commissions  in the current quarter and for the
nine months were down from the prior year periods, mostly reflecting lower factoring volume and product mix. Factoring volume was $6.7 billion for the
current quarter, a slight decrease from $6.8 billion in the year-ago quarter, reflective of a softer retail market, and up seasonally from $5.5 billion
last quarter. Factoring volume was $18.1 billion and $19.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 
 
    Gains on sales of leasing equipment  resulted from $152
million of equipment sales in the current quarter, $399 million in the year-ago quarter, and $156 million in the prior quarter. Equipment sales totaled
$404 million and $991 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The prior year nine months includes significant
sales of aircraft to TC-CIT Aviation, a joint venture. Gains as a percentage of equipment sold, which will vary based on the type and age of equipment
sold, decreased from last quarter and the year-ago quarter. See table entitled  Equipment Sales  in  Financing and Leasing Assets  section
that displays amounts sold by segment. 
 
    Gains on investments  in the current and prior quarters
primarily reflect changes in value of mortgage-backed securities. Gains and losses are also derived from sales of equity investments that were received
as part of a lending transaction or, in some cases, a workout situation. 
 
    Gains (losses) on loan and portfolio sales  resulted from
$220 million of sales in the current quarter, $321 million in the year-ago quarter, and $220 million in the prior quarter. Gains and losses will vary
based on the underlying loan and market conditions. The loss in the year-ago quarter was driven by the recognition of currency translation loss
adjustment of $19 million on the sale of the Mexico business. Loan and portfolio sales totaled $554 million and $452 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See table entitled  Loan and Portfolio Sales  in the  Financing and Leasing Assets 
section that displays amounts sold by segment. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   87  

Table of Contents      
 
    Gains (losses) on OREO sales  reflect sales and adjustments
to the carrying value of real estate owned assets. OREO properties were acquired in the OneWest Transaction or in subsequent
foreclosure actions and pertain to foreclosures in the mortgage portfolios specific to the Consumer and Community Banking Segment. 
 
    Net (losses) gains on derivatives and foreign currency
exchange  includes valuation of the derivatives within the TRS, which resulted in losses of $20 million in the current quarter, gains of $9 million
in the prior quarter, and losses of $24 million in the year ago quarter. The TRS derivative loss in the current quarter was primarily due to the
narrowing of credit spread inputs to the fair value model. 
 
   Transactional foreign currency movements resulted in gains of
less than $1 million in the current quarter, losses of $21 million in the prior quarter, and losses of $31 million in the year ago quarter. The impact
of these transactional foreign currency movements was offset by gains of $4 million in the current quarter, gains of $22 million in the prior quarter,
and gains of $41 million in the year ago quarter on derivatives that economically hedge foreign currency movements and other
exposures. 
 
   In addition, there were losses of less than $1 million in the
current quarter, gains of less than $1 million in the prior quarter, and $6 million of losses in the year-ago quarter, respectively, on the realization
of cumulative translation adjustment ( CTA ) amounts from AOCI due to translational adjustments related to liquidating
portfolios. 
 
   As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $5 million of
CTA losses (pre-tax) included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the China Equipment Finance
portfolio in AHFS. 
 
    Impairment on assets held for sale  in the current quarter
was driven by $18 million of impairments on the business aircraft assets in Transportation Finance. The prior quarter impairment was driven by $18
million in Transportation Finance, mainly related to $14 million for scrapping of certain rail cars and $4 million charge associated with the business
air portfolio held for sale, partially offset by amounts in other segments. The year ago quarter impairment primarily relates to the Mexico and Brazil
portfolios held for sale in NSP. When an operating lease asset is classified as held for sale, depreciation expense is suspended and the asset is
evaluated for impairment with any such charge recorded in other income. (See  Other Expenses  for related discussion on depreciation on operating
lease equipment.) 
 
    Other revenues  included items that are more episodic in
nature, such as gains on work-out related claims, proceeds received in excess of carrying value on non-accrual accounts held for sale, which were
repaid or had another workout resolution, insurance proceeds in excess of carrying value on damaged leased equipment, and income from joint ventures.
Other revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a gain on sale of the U.K. business of $24 million in NSP, inclusive of previously
recorded CTA losses. 

88   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     EXPENSES 

Non-Interest
                                         Expense  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Operating expenses excluding restructuring costs and
intangible asset amortization as a % of AEA is a non-GAAP measure; see  Non-GAAP Financial Measurements  for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to
GAAP financial information.   

(2)     

Net efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measurement used by
management to measure operating expenses (before restructuring costs and intangible amortization) to the level of total net revenues. See
 Non-GAAP Financial Measurements  for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial information.    

Depreciation on operating lease equipment  is recognized on
owned equipment over the lease term or estimated useful life of the asset. Depreciation expense is primarily driven by the Transportation Finance
operating lease equipment portfolio, which includes long-lived assets such as aircraft, a business subject to a definitive sale agreement, and
railcars. To a lesser extent, depreciation expense includes amounts on smaller ticket equipment, such as office equipment. Impairments recorded on
equipment held in portfolio are reported as depreciation expense. AHFS also impacts the balance, as depreciation expense is suspended on operating
lease equipment once it is transferred to AHFS. Since the commercial air portfolio will be classified as a discontinued operation in the 2016 fourth
quarter, depreciation on that portfolio will cease. We will also conform prior periods to exclude amounts related to discontinued operations. For the
current year, the trend of increasing depreciation expense reflects the growing portfolio of operating lease equipment. Depreciation expense is
discussed further in  Net Finance Revenues,  as it is a component of our asset margin. See   Non-interest Income   for
impairment charges on operating lease equipment classified as held for sale. 
 
    Maintenance and other operating lease expenses  primarily
relate to equipment ownership and leasing costs in Transportation Finance. The majority of the maintenance expenses are related to the railcar fleet,
while the majority of operating lease expenses are related to aircraft. CIT Rail provides railcars primarily pursuant to full-service lease contracts
under which CIT Rail as lessor is responsible for railcar maintenance and repair. 
 
   Under our aircraft leases, the lessee is generally responsible
for normal maintenance and repairs, airframe and engine overhauls, compliance with airworthiness directives, and compliance with return conditions of
aircraft on lease. As a result, aircraft operating lease expenses primarily relate to transition costs incurred in connection with re-leasing an
aircraft. 
 
   The sequential decrease in maintenance and other operating
expenses was driven by higher operating lease expense on additional aircraft last quarter, while the increase from last year reflects the larger
portfolio. 
 
    Operating expenses  excluding restructuring costs and
intangible asset amortization in the current quarter were $323 million, 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   89  

Table of Contents      
 
    essentially flat to the prior quarter. The prior quarter
included $12 million of elevated OREO and FDIC expenses, $8 million of which related to OREO assets that occurred in prior periods. The absence of
these items was partially offset by higher sales tax expense as we work through prior year audits in Commercial Banking. Operating expenses have been
elevated due to costs related to OneWest Bank integration and other strategic initiatives including the Commercial Air sale, which are reflected in
Professional Fees. The net efficiency ratio, while improved from the year-ago quarter, was up from the prior quarter reflecting lower net finance
revenue and slightly higher operating expenses. Headcount at September 30, 2016 was flat with the prior quarter, and down from the year-ago quarter
reflecting the strategic initiatives, such as portfolio exits. 
 
   We are making progress on our initiative to reduce costs by $125
million, and remain on track to remove approximately one third of these costs in 2016. We expect expenses, excluding costs of strategic initiatives, to
remain around $300 million next quarter. However, we anticipate costs associated with strategic initiatives to be further elevated in the near-term, as
we prepare for the sale of the Commercial Air business and the submission of our 2017 capital plan. 
 
   Operating expenses reflect the following
changes: 

n   

Compensation and benefits decreased from the year-ago quarter,
primarily reflecting the impact of fewer employees. Year to date, the increase reflects the inclusion of expenses associated with the added employees
due to the OneWest Bank acquisition for the nine months in the current year compared to two months in the prior year.  

n   

Professional fees include legal and other professional fees,
such as tax, audit, and consulting services. The current and prior quarters include costs related to the integration of OneWest Bank and other
strategic initiatives, including the separation of our Commercial Air business. Professional fees in the prior year were driven by OneWest Bank
integration costs and costs related to exits of our non-strategic portfolios. Costs related to OneWest Bank integration and other strategic initiatives
totaled $20 million for the quarter, $32 million for the year-ago quarter and $17 million for the prior quarter.  

n   

Technology costs increased from the year-ago quarter reflecting
OneWest Bank expense.  

n   

Net Occupancy expenses were up from the year-ago quarter
reflecting the added costs associated with OneWest Bank related to the branch network and office space.  

n   

Advertising and marketing expenses include costs associated with
raising deposits.  

n   

Provision for severance and facilities exiting activities
primarily reflects strategic initiatives to reduce operating expenses and streamline our operations, which resulted in employee reductions compared to
the year-ago period.  

n   

Amortization of intangible assets primarily results from
intangible assets recorded in the OneWest Bank acquisition.  

n   

Other expenses include items such as travel and entertainment,
insurance, FDIC costs, office equipment and supplies costs and taxes other than income taxes. The sequential decrease reflects REO assets expenses that
related to earlier periods. The increase from the year-ago quarter reflects OneWest Bank expenses for a full quarter.  

Loss on debt extinguishments   and deposit
redemptions  in the current and prior quarters relate to certain secured debt instruments and early repayment of brokered certificates of
deposits. 
 
     INCOME TAXES  

Income
                                         Tax Data  (dollars in millions)    

The income tax provision before impact of discrete items was
higher in the current quarter and the nine months ended period, as compared to the year-ago quarter and nine months ended period, primarily driven by
the recognition of deferred federal and state income tax expense on increased domestic earnings, which shifted the geographic mix of earnings compared
to the prior periods. 

90   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   Included in the net discrete tax expense of $16 million and $8
million for the current quarter and year to date was: 

n   

$16 million tax expense recorded this quarter related to the
establishment of valuation allowances against certain international net deferred tax assets due to the exit of our international non-strategic
portfolios,  

n   

$14 million tax benefit, including interest and penalties,
recorded in the first quarter resulting from favorable actions taken by the tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions taken on certain prior
year non-U.S. tax returns, and  

n   

$6 million miscellaneous other net tax expense items year to
date.  

Included in the 2015 discrete tax benefits of $593 million and
$598 million for the quarter and year to date was: 

n   

$647 million tax benefit recorded in the third quarter
corresponding to a reduction to the U.S. federal deferred tax asset valuation allowance after considering the impact on earnings of the OneWest
acquisition to support the Company s ability to utilize the U.S. federal net operating losses,  

n   

$29 million tax expense including interest and penalties
recorded in the third quarter related to an uncertain tax position taken on certain prior year international tax returns,  

n   

$28 million tax expense recorded in the third quarter related to
establishment of domestic and international deferred tax liabilities as a result of Management s decision to no longer assert its intent to
indefinitely reinvest its unremitted earnings in China, and  

n   

$9 million tax benefit recorded in the prior quarter
corresponding to a reduction of certain tax reserves upon the receipt of a favorable tax ruling on an uncertain tax position taken on prior years 
tax returns.  

While GAAP equity increased as a result of the recognition of net
DTAs corresponding to the release of the aforementioned valuation allowances, there was minimal benefit on regulatory capital. 
 
   The effective tax rate for the current and prior quarters was
34%. The effective tax rate excluding discrete items  (7)   for the current and prior quarters was 27% and 33%, respectively, compared to
24% in the year-ago quarter, reflecting the relatively higher domestic earnings. Cash taxes were a net refund of $56 million compared to a net payment
of $6 million in the prior quarter and $9 million in the year-ago quarter. The current quarter includes receipt of a tax refund of $45 million from the
closing of a prior year income tax audit. 
 
   The quarterly income tax expense is based on an updated
projection of the Company s annual effective tax rate. This updated annual effective tax rate is applied to the year-to-date consolidated pre-tax
income to determine the interim provision for income taxes before discrete items. The impact of any change in the projected annual effective tax rate
from the prior quarter is reflected in the quarterly income tax expense. The change in the effective tax rate each period is impacted by a number of
factors, including the relative mix of domestic and international earnings, adjustments to the valuation allowances, and discrete items. The actual
year-end 2016 effective tax rate may vary from the currently projected tax rate due to changes in these factors. 
 
   The Company maintained a valuation allowance of $37 million
against certain non-U.S. reporting entities  net DTAs at September 30, 2016, down from $91 million at December 31, 2015. In January 2016, the
Company sold its U.K. equipment finance business. Thus, there was a reduction of approximately $70 million to the respective U.K. reporting
entities  net DTAs along with their associated valuation allowances. During the third quarter, the Company established $16 million valuation
allowance on the China reporting entities  net DTAs. In the evaluation process related to the net DTAs of the Company s other international
reporting entities, uncertainties surrounding the future international business operations have made it challenging to reliably project future taxable
income. Management will continue to assess the forecast of future taxable income as the business plans for these international reporting entities
evolve and evaluate potential tax planning strategies to utilize these net DTAs. 
 
   The Company s ability to recognize DTAs will be evaluated on
a quarterly basis to determine if there are any significant events that would affect our ability to utilize existing DTAs. If events are identified
that affect our ability to utilize our DTAs, valuation allowances may be adjusted accordingly. 
 
   We expect the 2016 global effective tax rate to be in the low 30%
range, before the impact of discrete tax items, while cash taxes paid are expected to remain relatively low until the related unrestricted NOL
carry-forward is fully utilized. In addition, while GAAP equity increased as a result of the recognition of net DTAs corresponding to the release of
the aforementioned valuation allowances, there was minimal benefit on regulatory capital. 
 
   See  Note 13   Income Taxes  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  for additional information, including deferred tax assets. 

7   

Effective tax rate excluding discrete items is a non-GAAP
measure. See  Non-GAAP Measurements  for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   91  

Table of Contents      
 
     RESULTS BY BUSINESS SEGMENT 

SEGMENT REPORTING UPDATES  
 
   As described earlier, we refined our segment presentation in the
first quarter of 2016. CIT manages its business and reports its financial results in four operating segments: Commercial Banking, Transportation
Finance, Consumer and Community Banking, and Non-Strategic Portfolios ( NSP ), and a fifth non-operating segment, Corporate and
Other. 
 
   All prior period comparisons are conformed to the current period
presentation.  Note 17   Business Segment Information  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  contains additional information
relating to segment reporting. 
 
    SEGMENTS  
 
    Commercial Banking  
 
    Commercial Banking  consists of three divisions: Commercial
Finance, Real Estate Finance, and Business Capital. Revenue is generated from interest earned on loans, rents on equipment leased, fees and other
revenue from lending and leasing activities and banking services, along with capital markets transactions and commissions earned on factoring and
related activities. 
 
    Commercial Finance  provides a range of lending and deposit
products, as well as ancillary services, including cash management and advisory services, to small and medium size companies. Loans offered are
primarily senior secured loans collateralized by accounts receivable, inventory, machinery   equipment and/or intangibles that are often used for
working capital, plant expansion, acquisitions or recapitalizations. These loans include revolving lines of credit and term loans and, depending on the
nature and quality of the collateral, may be referred to as asset-based loans or cash flow loans. Loans are originated through direct relationships,
led by individuals with significant experience in their respective industries, or through relationships with private equity sponsors. We provide
financing to customers in a wide range of industries, including Commercial   Industrial, Communications   Technology Finance, Entertainment
  Media, Energy, and Healthcare. 
 
    Real Estate Finance  provides senior secured commercial
real estate loans to developers and other commercial real estate professionals. We focus on stable, cash flowing properties and originate construction
loans to highly experienced and well capitalized developers. In addition, the portfolio includes multi-family mortgage loans acquired from OneWest Bank
that are being runoff. 
 
    Business Capital  provides leasing and equipment financing
solutions, along with commercial and factoring services to small businesses and middle market companies in a wide range of industries on both a private
label and direct basis. We provide financing solutions for our borrowers and lessees, and assist manufacturers and distributors in growing sales,
profitability and customer loyalty by providing customized, value- added finance solutions to their commercial clients. Our LendEdge platform allows
small businesses to access financing through a highly automated credit approval, documentation and funding process. We offer both capital and operating
leases. In addition, we provide factoring, receivable management products, and secured financing to businesses (our clients, generally manufacturers or
importers of goods) that operate in several industries, including apparel, textile, furniture, home furnishings and consumer electronics. Factoring
entails the assumption of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable arising from the sale of goods by our clients to their customers
(generally retailers) that have been factored ( i.e.,  sold or assigned to the factor).  
 
      Commercial
                                         Banking: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions)    

92   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Commercial
                                         Banking: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions) (continued)  

(1)     

AEA is lower than AFR as it is reduced by the average credit
balances for factoring clients.    

Commercial Banking pre-tax earnings decreased from the prior
quarter as credit costs returned to a more normalized level and operating expenses in Equipment Finance were elevated from higher sales and local
taxes. Comparisons to the year-ago quarter are impacted by the timing of the acquisition of OneWest Bank in August 2015. 
 
   Financing and leasing assets ( FLA ), which comprise
the vast majority of earning assets, were $21.2 billion at September 30, 2016, slightly down from $21.5 billion at June 30, 2016, mostly driven by
decreases in Commercial Finance due to higher prepayments and asset sales, and down from $22.3 billion a year-ago, due to sales and prepayments in
Commercial Finance. New lending and leasing volume was down from the prior quarter, reflecting a reduction in Real Estate Finance, which was
particularly strong in the prior quarter, partially offset by increased volume in Commercial Finance. New lending and leasing volume was down from the
year-ago quarter, driven by Commercial Finance and Real Estate Finance, which offset higher volumes in Business Capital. 
 
   Factored volume was up seasonally from the prior quarter and
essentially flat with the year-ago quarter. Financing and leasing assets at September 30, 2016, were comprised of $8.6 billion in Commercial Finance,
$7.3 billion in Business Capital, and $5.4 billion in Real Estate Finance. 
 
   New business yields on our commercial lending assets were up from
the prior and year-ago quarters, reflecting higher yields in Real Estate Finance, offset by lower yields in Commercial Finance and Business
Capital. 
 
   Highlights included: 

n    

The net finance revenue increased from the year-ago quarter,
reflecting a full quarter of purchase accounting accretion on loans acquired from OneWest Bank. The decrease from the prior quarter was primarily due
to an interest recovery on a loan previously charged off recognized last quarter. Purchase accounting accretion benefiting NFR totaled $37 million, $25
million and $38 million in the current, year-ago and prior quarters, respectively. Year to date 2016 benefited from $115 million of purchase accounting
accretion. (Purchase accounting accretion is depicted in tabular form in the  Net Finance Revenue  section). The current and prior quarters
included $17 million and $16 million, respectively, of PAA that was accelerated due to prepayments ($48 million year to date). Gross yields were up
from both the year-ago and prior quarters due to a change in portfolio mix, with an increase in Business Capital volume. The increase compared to the
year-ago quarter also reflects benefits of a full quarter of purchase accounting accretion from the OneWest Bank acquisition. See  Select Segment 
and  Division Margin Metrics  table in Net Finance Revenue section for amounts of purchase accounting accretion and gross yields by
division.  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   93  

Table of Contents      

n   

Other income decreased from the year-ago quarter and increased
from the prior quarter, reflecting the following:  

n   

Factoring commissions of $29 million were down from the year-ago
quarter reflecting mix and market conditions but up from the prior quarter due to seasonally higher factoring volume.  

n   

Gains on asset sales (including receivables, equipment and
investments) totaled $6 million, down from $13 million in the year-ago quarter and from $10 million in the prior quarter reflecting modest gains on
sales of highly leveraged loans in the Commercial Finance division in the current quarter and the benefit of purchase accounting acceleration on loan
sales in the prior quarter. Financing and Leasing assets sold totaled $220 million in the current quarter, compared to $131 million in the year-ago
quarter and $224 million in the prior quarter. The sales activity in the current and prior quarter primarily reflected risk management actions to
reduce certain highly leveraged loans in the Commercial Finance division.  

n   

Fee revenue is mainly driven by fees on lines of credit and
letters of credit, capital markets-related fees, agent and advisory fees, and servicing fees for the assets we sell but retain servicing. Fee revenue
was $25 million in the current quarter, up from $24 million in the year-ago quarter and $22 million in the prior quarter, primarily driven by higher
capital market fees in the Commercial Finance division.  

n   

The provision for credit losses returned to a more normalized
level, $39 million, in the current quarter, compared to a low of $11 million in the prior quarter, and $43 million in the year-ago quarter. The
increase in provision from the prior quarter resulted from increases in the allowance for loan losses due to modest increases across divisions. Net
charge-offs were $22 million (0.42% of average finance receivables), compared to $35 million (0.66%) in the prior quarter and $18 million (0.38%) in
the year-ago quarter. Excluding assets transferred to held for sale in all periods, net charge-offs were $15 million in the current quarter, compared
to $16 million in the prior quarter and $18 million in the year-ago quarter. Year to date, net charge-offs were $88 million (0.56%), $27 million of
which related to assets transferred to held for sale, compared to charge offs of $63 million (0.51%), $13 million of which related to assets
transferred to held for sale for the nine months ended September 2015. Non-accrual loans were $180 million (0.87% of finance receivables), compared to
$208 million (1.00%) at June 30, 2016, and $147 million (0.67%) a year-ago. While the decrease from the prior quarter was related to a decline in
non-accrual loans in the energy sector, non-accrual loans in this sector drove the increase from the year-ago quarter, partially offset by lower
non-accrual balances in Business Capital.  

n   

Operating expenses increased from the prior quarter and reflects
higher sales and local taxes in Equipment Finance. The increase from the 2015 periods also reflects the impact of a full quarter and year to date
amounts of OneWest Bank expenses.  

Transportation Finance  
 
   Transportation Finance includes three divisions: aerospace
(commercial air and business air), rail, and maritime finance. Revenues generated by Transportation Finance include rents collected on leased assets,
interest on loans, fees, and gains from assets sold. 
 
    Aerospace  
 
    Commercial Air  provides aircraft leasing, lending, asset
management, and advisory services for commercial and regional airlines around the world. We own, finance and manage a fleet of approximately 380
aircraft and have about 100 clients in approximately 50 countries. 
 
   During 2015, management announced it was exploring
                strategic alternatives for the Commercial Air business. On October 6, 2016, we announced that we entered into a definitive
                sales agreement to sell certain assets of $11.1 billion and liabilities of $1.7 billion (as of June 30, 2016), which represents
                the                 vast                 majority                 of the existing Commercial Air business, except for certain
                aerospace loans                 funded in CIT                 Bank. 
 
    Business Air  offers financing and leasing programs for
corporate and private owners of business jets. In 2016, we transferred the business aircraft portfolio to AHFS. 
 
   Based on the definitive sale agreement that we executed on
October 6, 2016, the activity of the Commercial Air business that is subject to the agreement, as well as activity associated with the
Business Air assets, will be reported as discontinued operations in the 2016 fourth quarter. Therefore, balance sheet balances and income statement
activity would no longer be included in the Transportation Finance segment. All prior periods will be conformed to exclude the respective
activities. 

See  Note 19   Subsequent Events  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional
information relating to the pending sale. 

Rail  
 
   Rail leases railcars and locomotives to railroads and
                shippers throughout North America and Europe. Our operating lease fleet consists of approximately 131,000 railcars, including
                380 locomotives, and we serve approximately 650 customers. 
 
    Maritime Finance  
 
   Maritime Finance offered secured loans to owners and operators of
oceangoing and inland cargo vessels, as well as offshore vessels and drilling rigs. Given the market conditions, we will not be growing this portfolio
at this time. 

94   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Transportation
                                         Finance: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions)    

Transportation Finance pre-tax earnings increased slightly from
the prior quarter, as lower credit costs offset a decline in net finance revenue and other income. Compared to the year-ago quarter, pre-tax earnings
decreased driven by higher operating expenses, primarily due to the commercial air separation, lower other income, higher credit costs and lower
margins. Year to date, pre-tax earnings decreased as higher by higher operating and credit costs, along with lower other income offset the increase in
net finance revenue. 
 
   Financing and leasing assets totaled $19.9 billion at September
30, 2016, compared to approximately $20.0 billion at June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Assets grew sequentially in Rail and are down in aerospace
and maritime finance from December 31, 2015. Assets held for sale of $1.1 billion principally included $0.6 billion of business air portfolio and $0.5
billion of commercial aerospace loans (due to the announced sale agreement). New business volume for the quarter totaled $372 million, down from the
prior quarter due to lower aircraft and rail 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   95  

Table of Contents      
 
    order book deliveries, and down from the year-ago quarter,
also reflecting limited maritime finance activity. 
 
   As noted above, we announced a definitive agreement to
                sell the vast majority of the commercial aerospace leasing business (approximately $11.1 billion assets as of June 30, 2016),
                and                 separately,                 plan to sell our business aircraft portfolio. Aerospace financing and leasing
                assets were $11.2                 billion, which included $10.6                 billion of commercial air assets and $0.6
                billion of business air assets in                 AHFS, down from $11.4 billion at June 30, 2016                 and $11.6
                billion at December 31, 2015. Because of the pending                 transaction, new originations will be limited, mainly
                reflecting order book deliveries. Our owned operating                 lease commercial portfolio included 283 aircraft at
                September 30, 2016,                 and we had 131 aircraft on order from                 manufacturers, with deliveries
                scheduled through 2020. At September 30, 2016, we manage                 28 aircraft for a                 joint venture,
                TC-CIT Aviation. See  Note 14   Commitments in Item 1. Consolidated Financial
                Statements and Concentrations  for further aircraft manufacturer commitment data and  Note 19   Subsequent
                Events  for information on the pending commercial air sale. 
 
   Rail financing and leasing assets grew to $7.1 billion from $7.0
billion at June 30, 2016, and $6.7 billion at December 31, 2015. Our owned operating lease portfolio approximated 131,000 railcars at September 30,
2016, up slightly from June 30, 2016 and from approximately 128,000 railcars at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had approximately 3,500
railcars on order from manufacturers, with deliveries scheduled through 2018. See  Note 14   Commitments in Item 1. Consolidated Financial
Statements and Concentrations  for further railcar manufacturer commitment data. 
 
   Maritime Finance financing and leasing assets totaled $1.6
billion, down slightly from June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, as no new loans are being offered in this business at this time. 
 
   Highlights included: 

n   

Net finance revenue was down slightly from the prior quarter, on
lower rentals in rail. Net finance revenue decreased from the year-ago quarter, as higher average operating lease assets were partially offset by lower
average yields, reflective of pressure on certain rental rates and utilization. Net finance margin was down from the prior and year-ago quarters
reflecting the net finance revenue trends described above, and relatively stable funding costs.  

n    

Gross yields in Aerospace were up slightly from the prior
quarter to 11.04%, while gross yields in Rail of 12.38% were down primarily on lower renewal rates. Rail utilization remained at 94% compared to June
30, 2016, and down from 96% at December 31, 2015, reflecting pressures mostly from the crude, coal and steel industries. Demand for crude, coal and
steel cars continues to be soft, therefore we still expect railcar utilization to move toward the low 90% range and rental rates to decline as leases
re-new. About 41% of the total railcar order-book has lease commitments. See  Select Segment and Division Margin Metrics  table in  Net Finance
Revenue  section.  

n   

Net operating lease revenue, which is a component of NFR, was
flat with the year-ago quarter, as increased rental income from growth in the Aerospace and Rail divisions was offset by higher depreciation and
maintenance and operating lease expenses. Compared to the prior quarter, net operating lease revenue was down slightly, on lower rents on the rail
portfolio, reflective of lower renewal rates. The decline in the operating lease margin (as a percentage of average operating lease equipment) reflects
these trends.  

n   

Commercial aircraft utilization was 99%, with all but two
aircraft on lease or under a commitment, down slightly from the prior quarter and year-end when all aircraft were on lease or under a commitment. All
of our aircraft scheduled for delivery in the next 12 months have commitments.  

n   

The current quarter new business volume included the delivery of
one aircraft and approximately 2,000 railcars. The prior quarter new business volume included $457 million of operating lease equipment, including the
delivery of six aircraft and approximately 1,700 railcars.  

n   

Other income was down from the year-ago and prior quarters and
primarily includes:  

n   

Impairments on assets held for sale totaled $18 million in the
current quarter, driven by business air assets in AHFS. Impairments were $1 million in the year-ago quarter and $18 million in the prior quarter,
primarily driven by scrapping of railcars. Year-to-date, impairments on assets held for sale was approximately $38 million in 2016 and $4 million in
2015.  

n   

Other income also includes a small amount of fee income, along
with other revenue derived from loan commitments, joint ventures and other periodic items, such as a settlement from a bankrupt airline in the prior
quarter.  

n   

Non-accrual loans were $54 million (2.45% of finance
receivables), compared to $18 million (0.70%) at June 30, 2016 and $15 million (0.43%) at December 31, 2015. The current quarter increase was due to
the addition of a $49 million maritime finance account, while the other periods principally consisted of business aircraft loans. Net charge-offs were
$2 million (0.33% of average finance receivables) in the current quarter, and primarily related to assets transferred to held for sale. Net charge-offs
were $7 million (0.97%) in the prior quarter, primarily related to business air assets transferred to held for sale. Excluding assets  

96   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      

transferred to held for sale, net charge-offs in the each of the
quarters were less than $1 million. Year to date, net charge-offs were $28 million (1.30%), $16 million of which related to assets transferred to held
for sale. The current and prior quarter provision for credit losses was driven by general reserve builds on the Maritime portfolio, while the prior
quarter also included two Aerospace loan charge-offs.  

n   

Operating expenses were relatively flat with the prior quarter
as higher costs related to the commercial air separation offset lower employee costs. The current and prior quarter included $10 million and $9 million
of costs related to the commercial air separation initiative, respectively.  

Consumer and Community Banking  
 
   Consumer and Community Banking includes Legacy Consumer Mortgages
(the former LCM segment) and other banking divisions that were included in the former NAB segment (Consumer Banking, Mortgage Lending, Wealth
Management, and SBA Lending), which are grouped together for purposes of discussion as Other Consumer Banking. These were all businesses and portfolios
acquired from OneWest Bank; therefore the year-ago quarter reflects results for approximately two months. 
 
   Other Consumer Banking offers mortgage lending, deposits and
private banking services to its customers. The segment offers jumbo residential mortgage loans and conforming residential mortgage loans, primarily in
Southern California. Mortgage loans are primarily originated through branch and retail referrals, employee referrals, internet/web leads and direct
marketing. Additionally, loans are purchased through bulk acquisitions. Mortgage Lending includes product specialists, internal sales support and
origination processing, structuring and closing. Retail banking is the primary deposit gathering business of the Bank and operates through retail
branches and an online direct channel. We offer a broad range of deposit and lending products to meet the needs of our clients (both individuals and
small businesses), including checking, savings, certificates of deposit, and residential mortgage loans. We operate a network of 70 retail branches in
Southern California. We also offer banking services to high net worth individuals. Additionally, the division offers a full suite of deposit and
payment solutions to middle market companies and small businesses. 
 
   The division also originates qualified Small Business
Administration ( SBA ) 504 loans and 7(a) loans. SBA 504 loans generally provide growing small businesses with long-term, fixed-rate
financing for major fixed assets, such as land and building. SBA 7(a) loans generally provide for purchase/refinance of owner occupied commercial real
estate, working capital, acquisition of inventory, machinery, equipment, furniture, and fixtures, the refinance of outstanding debt subject to any
program guidelines, and acquisition of businesses, including partnership buyouts. 
 
   LCM includes portfolios of single family residential mortgages
and reverse mortgages, certain of which are covered by loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Certain Covered Loans in this segment were previously
acquired by OneWest Bank in connection with the lndyMac, First Federal and La Jolla transactions. The FDIC indemnified OneWest Bank against certain
future losses sustained on these loans. CIT may now be reimbursed for losses under the terms of the loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Eligible
losses are submitted to the FDIC for reimbursement when a qualifying loss event occurs ( e.g.,  due to foreclosure, short-sale, charge-offs or a
restructuring of a single family residential mortgage loan pursuant to an agreed upon loan modification framework). Reimbursements approved by the FDIC
are usually received within 60 days of submission. 
 
   See  Note 1   Business and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  and  Note 5   Indemnification Assets  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for accounting and detailed
discussions.  
 
      Consumer
                                         and Community Banking: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions)  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   97  

Table of Contents      
 
      Consumer
                                         and Community Banking: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions) (continued)  

Consumer and Community Banking pre-tax earnings increased from
the prior quarter, reflecting lower interest expenses and operating expenses. Comparisons to the prior year quarter are impacted by the timing of the
2015 acquisition of OneWest Bank. The 2015 quarter reflects results for approximately two months due to the acquisition of OneWest Bank in August
2015. 
 
   Financing and leasing assets totaled $7.2 billion at September
30, 2016, essentially unchanged from June 30, 2016, as new volume offset the run-off of the LCM portfolios. The LCM portfolios make up $5.0 billion of
the current quarter balance with a significant portion covered by loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. These agreements begin to expire in 2019, the
benefit of which is recorded within the indemnification asset. See  Note 5   Indemnification Assets in Item 1. Consolidated Financial
Statements  for more detailed discussion on the indemnification assets. 
 
   Highlights included: 

n   

NFR was up slightly from the prior quarter. NFR also benefits
from purchase accounting accretion. There was $29 million and $35 million of purchase accounting accretion in the current and prior quarters, compared
to $24 million in the prior-year quarter.  

n   

Other income included gains on REO properties, fee revenue and
other miscellaneous income. Gains on OREO properties totaled approximately $4 million each in the current and prior quarter, compared to a
loss of $3 million in the prior-year quarter. While fee revenue was fairly consistent across the quarters at approximately $3 million each, other
revenue was down in the current quarter reflecting a fair value adjustment loss of approximately $1 million for the FDIC Receivable measured at fair
value.  

n   

Operating expenses are reflective of the inclusion of branch
operation costs, which also causes the net efficiency ratio to be higher than other segments. The decline from the prior quarter is due to decreased
REO expenses.  

Non-Strategic Portfolios (NSP)  
 
   NSP consists of businesses and portfolios that we no longer
consider strategic. These portfolios include equipment financing, secured lending and leasing and advisory services to small and middle-market
businesses. 

98   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Non-Strategic
                                         Portfolios: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions)    

The 2016 results for the current and prior quarters reflect
activity from portfolios in Canada and China, while the first quarter of 2016 also benefited from the sale of the U.K. Equipment Finance business,
which was sold in January 2016. The prior-year periods also include activity from other international businesses and portfolios, such as portfolios in
Mexico and Brazil that were sold in August and December 2015, respectively. The year-ago pre-tax loss was driven by the higher level of operating
expenses reflective of the remaining businesses at that time and charges related to AHFS. 
 
   Financing and leasing assets at September 30, 2016, included
portfolios in Canada and China. In June 2016 we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Canadian Equipment Finance and Corporate Finance
business with approximately $700 million of financing and leasing assets as of September 30, 2016. The sale closed on October 1 and also included the
transfer of approximately 135 employees. We expect to record a pre-tax gain on the sale in other income in the fourth quarter. In addition, we are
pursuing the sale of the Chinese business, which is included in AHFS. 
 
   Highlights included: 

n   

Net finance revenue ( NFR ) was up slightly compared
to the prior quarter, but down from the year-ago quarter on lower earning assets.  

n   

Other income for the current and prior quarters primarily
reflects miscellaneous items, such as recoveries of amounts previously charged off, while the 2016 year to date includes a gain of $24 million from the
sale of the U.K. business for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The prior-year periods included loss on asset sales, CTA losses, mostly related to the
sale of the Mexico business, and impairment charges on AHFS.  

n   

Operating expenses were down, primarily reflecting lower cost
due to sales of businesses and run-off of assets.  

Corporate and Other  
 
   Certain items are not allocated to operating segments and are
included in Corporate   Other. Some of the more significant items include interest income on investment securities, a portion of interest expense
primarily related to corporate liquidity costs (interest expense), mark-to-market adjustments on non-qualifying derivatives (other income),
restructuring charges for severance and facilities exit activities as well as certain unallocated costs (operating expenses), certain intangible assets
amortization expenses (other expenses) and loss on debt extinguishments. Comparisons to the prior year quarter are impacted by the timing of the 2015
acquisition of OneWest Bank. Results for 2015 include OneWest Bank for approximately two months in the quarter and nine-month periods. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   99  

Table of Contents      
 
      Corporate
                                         and Other: Financial Data and Metrics  (dollars in millions)    

n   

Interest income consists of interest and dividend income,
primarily from investment securities and deposits held at other depository institutions. The increase from the year-ago periods reflects additional
income from the OneWest Bank acquisition and the associated investment portfolio.  

n   

Interest expense is allocated to the segments. Interest expense
held in Corporate represents amounts in excess of these allocations and amounts related to excess liquidity.  

n   

Other income primarily reflects gains and (losses) on
derivatives, including the TRS, fair value adjustment on certain MBS securities carried at fair value, and foreign currency exchange. The TRS had a
mark-to-market charge of $20 million in the current quarter, compared to a mark-to-market charge of $24 million in the year-ago quarter and a
mark-to-market benefit of $9 million in the prior quarter. Other income in the current quarter also includes a gain of $10 million from the MBS
securities portfolio carried at fair value, compared to a $5 million gain in the prior quarter. The 2015 year to date period also included $9 million
related to the write-off of other receivables that was fully offset with a benefit to the tax provision.  

n   

Operating expenses reflects salary and general and
administrative expenses in excess of amounts allocated to the business segments. Operating expenses were down in the current quarter compared to the
year-ago quarter, which included costs associated with the OneWest Bank acquisition. Compared to the prior quarter, operating expenses were down from
the prior quarter mostly driven by lower provision for severance and facilities exiting activities, which was $2 million during the current quarter,
compared to $5 million in the year-ago quarter and $10 million in the prior quarter.  

100   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     FINANCING AND LEASING ASSETS 

The following table presents our financing and leasing assets by
segment. 
 
      Financing
                                         and Leasing Asset Composition  (dollars in millions)    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   101  

Table of Contents      
 
   Financing and leasing assets were down from June 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, reflecting the following: 
 
   Financing and leasing asset levels were mixed within each of the
divisions within Commercial Banking during 2016. Commercial Finance assets were down, reflecting sales, including sales of certain loans for risk
management purposes, and prepayments. Real Estate Finance was up slightly from year end as strong origination volume outpaced prepayments and the
run-off of a legacy non-SFR portfolio, but was down from June 30, 2016. Business Capital was up, reflecting growth in the equipment leasing business,
as well as seasonal increase in factoring receivables. The Commercial Finance assets within AHFS are also for risk management
purposes. 
 
   Transportation Finance financing and leasing assets were
essentially flat, as the decreases in Aerospace and Maritime Finance, was mostly offset by growth in Rail. Currently we are not funding any new
business in Maritime Finance, other than outstanding commitments. AHFS is mostly comprised of our portfolio of $0.6 billion business aircraft and $0.5
billion of certain commercial air loans transferred to AHFS in anticipation of the sale. 
 
   Consumer and Community Banking loans were essentially flat as
run-off in LCM, which includes SFR and reverse mortgage portfolios, offset purchases and originations in Other Consumer Banking. 
 
   The decline in NSP primarily reflected the sale of the U.K.
equipment finance business in the first quarter of 2016, and run-off throughout 2016. In October, we completed the sale of our Canadian equipment
finance and corporate finance business with assets of approximately $700 million. The remaining assets in NSP after that sale relate to our China
business. 
 
   Financing and leasing asset trends are also discussed in the
respective segment descriptions in   Results by Business Segment  .  
 
   The following table presents the changes to our financing and
leasing assets: 
 
      Financing
                                         and Leasing Assets Rollforward  (dollars in millions)    

102   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
    New business  volume in 2016 declined compared to the
year-ago quarter mostly due to lower activity in Transportation Finance reflecting fewer aircraft deliveries and limited Maritime Finance lending.
Volume in Consumer and Community Banking increased as activity in the prior year was limited due to the acquisition. Compared to the prior quarter, new
business volume in Commercial Banking was strong in Commercial Finance, but was offset by lower volume in Real Estate Finance, while Business Capital
was flat. 
 
      New
                                         Business Volume  (dollars in millions)    

Loan and portfolio sales  activity has been limited as
shown in the following table. The activity in Commercial Banking mostly reflects sales to manage risk in the Commercial Finance
portfolio. 
 
      Loan
                                         and Portfolio Sales  (dollars in millions)    

Equipment sales  in Transportation Finance consisted of
aerospace and rail assets in conjunction with its portfolio management activities. The prior-year nine months also reflect aircraft sales to the TC-CIT
Aviation joint venture. 
 
      Equipment
                                         Sales  (dollars in millions)    

Portfolio activities are discussed in the respective segment
descriptions in   Results by Business Segment  . 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   103  

Table of Contents      
 
     CONCENTRATIONS 

Geographic Concentrations  
 
   The following table represents CIT s combined commercial and
consumer financing and leasing assets by geographical regions: 
 
      Total
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets by Geographic Region  (dollars in millions)  

Ten Largest Accounts   
 
   Our ten largest financing and leasing asset accounts, all lessors
of air assets, in the aggregate represented 7.9% of our total financing and leasing assets at September 30, 2016 (the largest account was less than
2.0%). The ten largest financing and leasing asset accounts were 8.1% of total financing and leasing assets at December 31, 2015. 
 
     COMMERCIAL CONCENTRATIONS 

Geographic Concentrations  
 
   The following table represents the commercial financing and
leasing assets by obligor geography: 
 
      Commercial
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets by Obligor   Geographic Region  (dollars in millions)  

104   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   The following table summarizes both state concentrations greater
than 5.0% and international country concentrations in excess of 1.0% of our financing and leasing assets: 
 
      Commercial
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets by Obligor   State and Country  (dollars in millions)  

Industry Concentrations  
 
   The following table represents financing and leasing assets by
industry of obligor: 
 
      Commercial
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets by Obligor   Industry  (dollars in millions)  

(1)     

Includes the Commercial Air Portfolio and additional financing
and leasing assets that are not commercial aircraft.   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   105  

Table of Contents      
 
    Energy   Oil and Gas, Coal  
 
   CIT s direct lending to the oil and gas industries was down
from December 31, 2015 to approximately $0.7 billion and comprises 2.4% of total loans at September 30, 2016. In addition, we have approximately $2.3
billion of railcars leased directly to railroads and other diversified shippers in support of the transportation and production of crude oil and coal.
Approximately $95 million and $400 million in net investments supporting the oil and gas and coal industries are up for renewal in the 2016 fourth
quarter and during 2017, respectively. We discuss our loan portfolio exposure to certain energy sectors in  Credit Metrics  and our rail operating
lease portfolio below. 
 
    Operating Lease Equipment   Rail  
 
   Transportation Finance global Rail business has a fleet of
approximately 131,000 railcars, including approximately 37,000 tank cars. The North American fleet has approximately 23,000 tank
cars used in the transport of crude oil, ethanol and other flammable liquids (collectively,  Flammable Liquids ). Of the 23,000 tank cars,
approximately 15,000 tank cars are leased directly to railroads and other diversified shippers for the transportation of crude by rail. The North
America fleet also contains approximately 10,000 sand cars (covered hoppers) leased to customers to support crude oil and natural gas
production. 
 
   On May 1, 2015, the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety
Administration ( PHMSA ) and Transport Canada ( TC ) each released their final rules (the  Final Rules ), which were
generally aligned in recognition that many railcars are used in both countries. The Final U.S. Rules applied to all High Hazard Flammable Trains
( HHFT ), which is defined as trains with a continuous block of 20 or more tank cars loaded with a flammable liquid or 35 or more tank cars
loaded with a flammable liquid dispersed through a train. The Final U.S. Rules (i) established enhanced DOT Specification 117 design and performance
criteria applicable to tank cars constructed after October 1, 2015 for use in an HHFT and (ii) required retrofitting existing tank cars in accordance
with DOT-prescribed retrofit design or performance standard for use in a HHFT. The retrofit timeline was based on two risk factors, the packing group
of the flammable liquid and the differing types of DOT-111 and CPC-1232 tank cars. The Final U.S. Rules also established new braking standards,
requiring HHFTs to have in place a functioning two-way end-of-train device or a distributive power braking system. In addition, the Final U.S. Rules
established speed restrictions for HHFTs, established standards for rail routing analysis, required improved information sharing with state and local
officials, and required more accurate classification of unrefined petroleum-based products, including developing and carrying out sampling and testing
programs. 
 
   On December 4, 2015, President Obama signed into law the Fixing
America s Surface Transportation Act ( FAST Act ), which, among other things, modified certain aspects of the Final U.S. Rules for
transportation of flammable liquids. The FAST Act requires certain new tank cars to be equipped with  thermal blankets , mandates all legacy
DOT-111 tank cars in flammable liquids service, not only those used in an HHFT, to be upgraded to the new retrofit standard, and sets minimum
requirements for the protection of certain valves. Further, it requires reporting on the industry-wide progress and capacity to modify DOT-111 tank
cars. Finally, the FAST Act requires an independent evaluation to investigate braking technology requirements for the movement of trains carrying
certain hazardous materials, and it requires the Secretary of Transportation to determine whether electronically-controlled pneumatic ( ECP )
braking system requirements, as imposed by the Final U.S. Rules, are justified. The FAST Act provides clarity on retrofit requirements but will not
have a material impact on our original plans to retrofit our fleet. 
 
   As noted above, CIT has approximately 23,000 tank cars in its
North American fleet used in the transport of Flammable Liquids. Based on our analysis of the Final U.S. Rules, as modified by the FAST Act, 86% of our
current tank car fleet in flammable liquids will require modification with a majority not due until 2020 or later. Current tank cars on order are being
configured to meet the Final U.S. Rules, as modified by the FAST Act, except for the installation of ECP braking systems. CIT continues to evaluate how
the Final U.S. Rules, as modified by the FAST Act will impact its business and customers. We continue to believe that we will retrofit most, if not all
of our impacted cars, depending on future industry and market conditions, and we will amortize the cost over the remaining asset life of the
cars. 
 
    Operating Lease Equipment  
Aerospace  
 
    Commercial Air  
 
   The following tables present detail on our commercial and
regional aerospace portfolio ( Commercial Air ). The net investment in regional aerospace financing and leasing assets was $33.3 million and
$43.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and was substantially comprised of loans and capital leases. 

106   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   As previously noted, our Commercial Air business is subject to a
definitive sale agreement that covers the vast majority of the portfolio.  
 
      Commercial
                                         Air Portfolio  (dollars in millions)    

The information presented below by region, manufacturer, and body
type, is based on our operating lease aircraft portfolio, which comprises approximately 90% of our total commercial aerospace portfolio and
substantially all of our owned fleet of leased aircraft at September 30, 2016.  
 
      Commercial
                                         Air Operating Lease Portfolio  (dollars in millions)  (1)     

(1)     

Includes operating lease equipment held for
sale.   

(2)     

Narrow body are single aisle design and consist primarily of
Boeing 737 and 757 series and Airbus A320 series aircraft. Intermediate body are smaller twin aisle design and consist primarily of Boeing 767 series
and Airbus A330 series aircraft. Regional and other include engines and Bombardier CRJ-900.    

Our top five commercial air outstanding exposures totaled
$2,588.2 million and $2,745.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The largest individual outstanding exposure totaled
$873.7 million and $907.6 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which was to a U.S. carrier. See  Note 14  
Commitments  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding commitments to purchase additional
aircraft. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   107  

Table of Contents      
 
     CONSUMER CONCENTRATIONS 

The following table presents our total outstanding consumer
financing and leasing assets, including PCI loans. The consumer PCI loans are included in the total outstanding and displayed separately, net of
purchase accounting adjustments. PCI loans are discussed in more detail in  Note 3   Loans  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consumer
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets  (dollars in millions)    

For consumer and residential loans, the Company monitors credit
risk based on indicators such as delinquencies and loan-to-value ( LTV ). We monitor trending of delinquency/delinquency rates as well as
non-performing trends for home equity loans and residential real estate loans. 
 
   LTV refers to the ratio comparing the loan s unpaid
principal balance to the property s collateral value. We update the property values of real estate collateral if events require current
information and calculate current LTV ratios. We examine LTV migration and stratify LTV into categories to monitor the risk in the loan
classes. 
 
   See  Note 3   Loans  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  for information on LTV ratios. 
 
   Loan concentrations may exist when multiple borrowers could be
similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. The following table summarizes the carrying value of consumer financing and leasing assets, with
concentrations in the top five states based upon property address by geographical regions.  
 
      Consumer
                                         Financing and Leasing Assets Geographic Concentrations  (dollars in millions)  

(1)   

No state or territory has a total in excess of
2%.   

108   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     OTHER ASSETS AND OTHER LIABILITIES  

The following tables present the components of other assets and
other liabilities.  
 
      Other
                                         Assets  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Other includes executive retirement plan and deferred
compensation, prepaid expenses, accrued interest and dividends and other miscellaneous assets.   

(2)     

Other also includes servicing advances. In connection with the
OneWest Transaction, the Company acquired the servicing obligations for residential mortgage loans. As of September 30, 2016, the loans serviced for
others total $16.0 billion for reverse mortgage loans and $61.8 million for single family residential mortgage loans.    

Other
                                         Liabilities  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Other consists of liabilities for taxes other than income,
contingent liabilities and other miscellaneous liabilities.   

RISK MANAGEMENT 

CIT is subject to a variety of risks that may arise through the
Company s business activities, including the following principal forms of risk: 

n   

Strategic risk is the risk of the impact on earnings or capital
arising from adverse strategic business decisions, improper implementation of strategic decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the
industry, including changes in the financial services industry as well as fundamental changes in the businesses in which our customers and our firm
engages.  

n   

Credit risk is the risk of loss (including the incurrence of
additional expenses) when a borrower does not meet its financial obligations to the Company. Credit risk may arise from lending, leasing, and/or
counterparty activities.  

n   

Asset risk is the equipment valuation and residual risk of
leased equipment owned by the Company that arises from fluctuations in the supply and demand for the underlying leased equipment. The Company is
exposed to the risk that, at the end of the lease term, the value of the asset will be lower than expected, resulting in either reduced future lease
income over the remaining life of the asset or a lower sale value.  

n   

Market risk includes interest rate and foreign currency risk.
Interest rate risk is the risk that fluctuations in interest rates will have an impact on the Company s net finance revenue and on the market
value of the Company s assets, liabilities and derivatives. Foreign exchange risk is the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates between
currencies can have an economic impact on the Company s non-dollar denominated assets and liabilities.  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   109  

Table of Contents      

n   

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company has an inability to
maintain adequate cash resources and funding capacity to meet its obligations, including under stress scenarios.  

n   

Operational risk is the risk of financial loss, damage to the
Company s reputation, or other adverse impacts resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, people or external
events.  

n   

Information Technology Risk is the risk of financial loss,
damage to the Company s reputation or other adverse impacts resulting from unauthorized (malicious or accidental) disclosure, modification, or
destruction of information, including cyber-crime, unintentional errors and omissions, IT disruptions due to natural or man-made disasters, or failure
to exercise due care and diligence in the implementation and operation of an IT system.  

n   

Legal and Regulatory Risk is the risk that the Company is not in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may result in fines, regulatory criticism or business restrictions, or damage to the
Company s reputation.  

n   

Reputational Risk is the potential that negative publicity,
whether true or not, will cause a decline in the value of the Company due to changes in the customer base, costly litigation, or other revenue
reductions.  

In order to effectively manage risk, the Company has established
a governance and oversight structure that includes defining the Company s risk appetite. This structure includes the Company setting limits,
underwriting standards and target performance metrics that are aligned with the risk appetite and establishing credit approval authorities. The Company
ensures effective risk governance and oversight through the establishment and enforcement of policies and procedures, risk governance committees,
management information systems, models and analytics, staffing and training to ensure appropriate expertise and the identification, monitoring and
reporting of risks so that they are proactively managed. 
 
   Our policies and procedures relating to Risk Management are
detailed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 
    Interest Rate Risk  
 
   Interest rate risk arises from lending, leasing, investments,
deposit taking and funding, as assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. We evaluate and
monitor interest rate risk primarily through two metrics. 

n    

Net Interest Income Sensitivity  ( NII
Sensitivity ), which measures the net impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates on forecasted net interest income from specific interest
sensitive items assuming a static balance sheet over a twelve month period; and  

n    

Economic Value of Equity  ( EVE ), which
measures the net impact of these hypothetical changes on the value of equity by assessing the economic value of assets, liabilities and
derivatives.  

Interest rate risk and sensitivity is influenced primarily by the
composition of the balance sheet, driven by the type of products offered (fixed/floating rate loans and deposits), investments, funding and hedging
activities. Our assets are primarily comprised of commercial loans, consumer loans, leased equipment, cash and investments. Our leasing products are
level/fixed payment transactions, whereas the interest rate on the majority of our commercial loan portfolio is based on a floating rate index such as
short-term Libor or Prime. Our consumer loan portfolio is based on both floating rate and level/fixed payment transactions. Our interest bearing
deposits (cash) have generally short durations and reprice frequently. We use a variety of funding sources, including certificates of deposit (CDs),
money market, savings and checking accounts and secured and unsecured debt. With respect to liabilities, CDs and unsecured debt are fixed-rate, secured
debt is a mix of fixed and floating rate, and the rates on savings accounts vary based on the market environment and competition. The composition of
our assets and liabilities generally results in a net asset-sensitive position at the shorter end of the yield curve, mostly related to moves in LIBOR,
whereby our assets will reprice faster than our liabilities. 
 
   Deposits continued to grow as a percent of total funding. CIT
Bank, N.A. sources deposits primarily through a retail branch network in Southern California, direct-to-consumer (via the Internet) and brokered
channels. The Bank also offers a full range of commercial loan products. At September 30, 2016, the Bank had over $32 billion in deposits. Certificates
of deposit represented approximately $18 billion, 55% of the total, most of which were sourced through direct channels. The deposit rates we offer can
be influenced by market conditions and competitive factors. Changes in interest rates can affect our pricing and potentially impact our ability to
gather and retain deposits. Rates offered by competitors also can influence our rates and our ability to attract and hold deposits. In a rising rate
environment, the Bank may need to increase rates to renew maturing deposits and attract new deposits. Rates on our savings account deposits may
fluctuate due to pricing competition and may also move with short-term interest rates. In general, retail deposits represent a low-cost source of funds
and are less sensitive to interest rate changes than many non-deposit funding sources. We regularly stress test the effect of deposit rate changes on
our margins and seek to achieve optimal alignment between assets and liabilities from an interest rate risk management perspective. 

110   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   The table below summarizes the results of simulation modeling
produced by our asset/liability management system. The results reflect the percentage change in the EVE and NII Sensitivity over the next twelve months
assuming an immediate 100 basis point parallel increase or decrease in interest rates from the market-based forward curve. NII sensitivity is based on
a static balance sheet projection.  
 
      Change to NII Sensitivity and EVE     

As of September 30, 2016, we ran a range of scenarios, including
a 200 basis point parallel increase scenario, which resulted in an NII Sensitivity of 6.7% and an EVE of (2.2)%, while a 200 basis point decline
scenario was not run as the current low rate environment makes the scenario less relevant. Regarding the negative scenarios, we have an assumed rate
floor. 
 
   The primary drivers for the change in EVE as of September 30,
2016 include a longer asset duration primarily due to purchases of longer dated securities and a longer effective duration on operating leases. This
impact was partially offset by increased prepayment speeds and increased rolls to delinquency on Core SFR loans. The change in EVE was also impacted by
overall liability duration shortening, primarily due to a shortening of the weighted average life on the internet CDs, faster attrition assumptions on
certain deposit products and a reduction in duration on unsecured debt and brokered CDs, due to passage of time. 
 
   As detailed in the above table, NII sensitivity is positive with
respect to an increase in interest rates. This is primarily driven by our floating rate loan portfolio (including approximately $8.6 billion that are
subject to interest rate floors), which reprice frequently, and cash and investment securities. On a net basis, we generally have more
floating/repricing assets than liabilities in the near term. As a result, our current portfolio is more sensitive to moves in short-term interest rates
in the near term. Therefore, our NFR may increase if short-term interest rates rise, or decrease if short-term interest rates decline. Market-implied
forward rates over the future twelve months are used to determine a base interest rate scenario for the net interest income projection for the base
case. This base projection is compared with those calculated under varying interest rate scenarios such as a 100 basis point parallel rate shift to
arrive at NII Sensitivity. 
 
   EVE complements net interest income simulation and sensitivity
analysis as it estimates risk exposures beyond a twelve month horizon. EVE modeling measures the extent to which the economic value of assets,
liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to a fluctuation in interest rates. EVE is calculated by subjecting the balance
sheet to different rate shocks, measuring the net value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments, and comparing those amounts with the
EVE sensitivity base case calculated using a market-based forward interest rate curve. The methodology with which the operating lease assets are
assessed in the results table above reflects the existing contractual rental cash flows and the expected residual value at the end of the existing
contract term. 
 
   The simulation modeling for both NII Sensitivity and EVE assumes
we take no action in response to the changes in interest rates, while NII Sensitivity generally assumes cash flow from portfolio run-off is reinvested
in similar products. 
 
   A wide variety of potential interest rate scenarios are simulated
within our asset/liability management system. All interest sensitive assets and liabilities are evaluated using discounted cash flow analysis. Rates
are shocked up and down via a set of scenarios that include both parallel and non-parallel interest rate movements. Scenarios are also run to capture
our sensitivity to changes in the shape of the yield curve. Furthermore, we evaluate the sensitivity of these results to a number of key assumptions,
such as credit quality, spreads, and prepayments. 
 
   Various holding periods of the operating lease assets are also
considered. These range from the current existing lease term to longer terms which assume lease renewals consistent with management s expected
holding period of a particular asset. NII Sensitivity and EVE limits have been set and are monitored for certain of the key scenarios. We manage the
exposure to changes in NII Sensitivity and EVE in accordance with our risk appetite and within Board approved limits. 
 
   We use results of our various interest rate risk analyses to
formulate asset and liability management ( ALM ) strategies, in coordination with the Asset Liability Committee, in order to achieve the
desired risk profile, while managing our objectives for capital adequacy and liquidity risk exposures. Specifically, we manage our interest rate risk
position through certain pricing strategies for loans and deposits, our investment strategy, issuing term debt with floating or fixed interest rates,
and using derivatives such as interest rate swaps, which modify the interest rate characteristics of certain assets or liabilities. 
 
   These measurements provide an estimate of our interest rate
sensitivity; however, they do not account for potential changes in credit quality, size, and prepayment characteristics of our balance sheet. They also
do not account for other business developments that could affect net income, or for management actions that could affect net income or that could be
taken to change our risk profile. Accordingly, we can give no assurance that actual results would not differ materially from the estimated outcomes of
our simulations. Further, the range of such simulations does not represent our current view of the expected range of future interest rate
movements. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   111  

Table of Contents      
 
     FUNDING AND LIQUIDITY 

CIT actively manages and monitors its funding and liquidity
sources against relevant limits and targets. These sources satisfy funding and other operating obligations, while also providing protection against
unforeseen stress events including unanticipated funding obligations, such as customer line draws, or disruptions to our access to capital markets or
other funding sources. Primary liquidity sources include cash, investment securities and credit facilities as discussed below. 
 
    Cash  
 
   Cash totaled $7.4 billion at September 30, 2016, down from $8.1
billion at June 30, 2016, and $8.3 billion at December 31, 2015. Cash at September 30, 2016 consisted of $0.8 billion related to the bank holding
company and $5.3 billion at CIT Bank, N.A. (excluding $0.1 billion of restricted cash), with the remainder comprised of cash at operating subsidiaries
and other restricted balances of approximately $1.3 billion.  
 
    Investment Securities   
 
      Investment
                                         Securities  (dollars in millions)    

As part of our 2016 business strategy, we are redeploying cash at
CIT Bank, N.A. into higher-yielding  High Quality Liquid Assets.  See  Note 6   Investment Securities  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  for additional information on our investment securities. 
 
   Interest and dividend income totaled $33 million, $24 million and
$32 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and June 30, 2015, respectively, with the current and prior quarters reflecting the
acquired mortgage-backed security portfolio from OneWest Bank. Interest and dividend income are a component of NFR. See  Net Finance Revenue.  See
also  Non-interest Income  for discussion on investments sales activity. 
 
    Credit Facilities  

n   

A multi-year committed revolving credit facility with a total
commitment of $1.5 billion, of which approximately $1.4 billion was unused at September 30, 2016; and  

n   

Committed securitization facilities and secured bank lines
totaled $3.6 billion, of which $2.3 billion was unused at September 30, 2016, provided that eligible assets are available that can be funded through
these facilities.  

Asset liquidity is further enhanced by our ability to sell or
syndicate portfolio assets in secondary markets, which also enables us to manage credit exposure, and to pledge assets to access secured borrowing
facilities through the FHLB and FRB. 

112   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
    Funding Sources  
 
   Funding sources include deposits and borrowings. As we execute on
our strategic initiatives, we plan to continue to increase the proportion of deposits in our funding mix. The following table reflects our funding
mix: 
 
      Funding Mix     

The percentage of funding for each period excludes the debt
related to discontinued operations (see  Note 2   Acquisition and Disposition Activities  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial
Statements ), and is based on disclosed amounts, inclusive of purchase accounting adjustments.  
 
    Deposits  
 
   The following table details our ending deposit balances by type:

Deposits
                                          (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Includes deposit sweep arrangements related to money market
and healthcare savings accounts.    

CIT Bank, N.A. offers a full suite of deposit offerings to its
commercial and consumer customers, and a network of 70 branches in Southern California. Increasing the proportion of deposit funding and lower costs is
a key area of focus for CIT. The weighted average coupon rate of total deposits was 1.22% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.26% at December 31,
2015. At September 30, 2016, our CDs had a weighted average remaining life of approximately 1.9 years, down from 2.4 years at December 31, 2015. During
the third quarter, we incurred a loss of $4.8 million on the early redemption of brokered CDs. Brokered CDs now represent 13.5% of total deposits at
quarter end, a 1% reduction from the previous quarter. See  Net Finance Revenue  section for further discussion on average balances and
rates. 
 
    Borrowings  
 
   Borrowings consist of senior unsecured notes and secured
borrowings (structured financings and FHLB advances), which totaled $16.5 billion in aggregate at September 30, 2016, down from $18.4 billion at
December 31, 2015. This decline primarily relates to payments on and redemptions of secured borrowings and a reduction in FHLB Advances. The weighted
average coupon rate of borrowings at September 30, 2016 was 4.15%, up from 3.91% at December 31, 2015, as the secured borrowings that were repaid were
at low rates. 
 
   In conjunction with the pending sale of our Commercial
                Air business, we expect to repay certain of our secured and unsecured debt, which could result in significant debt-related
                costs. Debt balances that we expect to repay and/or transfer in connection with the sale of the Commercial Air business
                totaled approximately $7.7 billion as of September 30, 2016, comprised of approximately $5.8 billion of unsecured debt and
                $1.9 billion of secured debt, including approximately $0.6 billion of debt secured by aircraft funded through the
                TRS. 
 
    Unsecured Borrowings   
 
     Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
Facility   
 
   On February 17, 2016 the Revolving Credit Facility was amended to
extend the maturity date of the commitments to January 26, 2018, reduce the required minimum guarantor coverage from 1.50:1.0 to 1.375:1.0, and to
include Fitch Ratings as a designated Rating Agency within the facilities terms and conditions. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   113  

Table of Contents      
 
   There were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit
Facility at September 30, 2016 and the amount available to draw upon was approximately $1.4 billion, with the remaining amount of approximately $0.1
billion utilized for issuance of letters of credit. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility has a $1.5 billion total commitment
that consists of a $1.15 billion revolving loan tranche and a $350 million revolving loan tranche that can also be utilized for issuance of letters of
credit. The applicable margin charged under the facility is based on our debt ratings. Currently, the applicable margin is 2.25% for LIBOR Rate loans
and 1.25% for Base Rate loans. Improvement in CIT s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings to Ba2 by Moody s would result in a reduction in
the applicable margin to 2.00% for LIBOR Rate loans and to 1.00% for Base Rate loans. A downgrade in CIT s long-term senior unsecured debt ratings
to B+ by S P or Fitch would result in an increase in the applicable margin for LIBOR Rate and Base Rate loans. In the event of a one notch
downgrade by only one of the agencies, no change to the margin charged under the facility would occur. 
 
   The Revolving Credit Facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by
nine of the Company s domestic operating subsidiaries. The facility contains a covenant requiring a minimum guarantor asset coverage ratio,
including the criteria for calculating the ratio. The required minimum guarantor asset coverage ratio ranges from 1.0:1.0 to 1.50:1.0 depending on the
Company s long-term senior unsecured debt rating. The requirement at September 30, 2016 was 1.375:1.0. As of September 30, 2016, the last reported
asset coverage ratio was 2.53x. 
 
   See  Note 8   Borrowings  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for further detail. 
 
     Senior Unsecured Borrowings   
 
   At September 30, 2016, senior unsecured borrowings outstanding
totaled $10.6 billion, essentially unchanged from December 31, 2015. The weighted average coupon rate at September 30, 2016 was 5.03%, unchanged from
December 31, 2015. As detailed in  Contractual Commitments and Payments  below, there are no scheduled maturities in 2016. See  Note 8
  Borrowings  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for further detail on maturities. 
 
     Secured Borrowings   
 
   As part of our liquidity management strategy, we may pledge
assets for secured financing transactions (which include structured financings), to borrow from the FHLB, or for other purposes as required or
permitted by law. Our secured financing transactions do not meet accounting requirements for sale treatment and are recorded as secured borrowings,
with the assets remaining on-balance sheet pursuant to GAAP. The debt issued in conjunction with these transactions is collateralized by certain
discrete receivables, loans, leases and/or underlying equipment. Certain related cash balances are restricted. 
 
     FHLB Advances   
 
   FHLB advances have become a larger source of funding since the
OneWest Transaction. CIT Bank, N.A. is a member of the FHLB of San Francisco and may borrow under a line of credit that is secured by collateral
pledged. The Bank makes decisions regarding utilization of advances based upon a number of factors including liquidity needs, capital constraints, cost
of funds and alternative sources of funding. CIT Bank, N.A. had $2.4 billion outstanding under the line and $6.6 billion of assets were pledged as
collateral at September 30, 2016, down from $3.1 billion and $6.8 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2015. The decrease in advances of $0.6 billion
at September 30, 2016 was the result of management s decision to utilize excess cash balances to reduce these borrowings. 
 
   FHLB Advances and pledged assets are also discussed in  Note 8
  Borrowings  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
     Structured Financings   
 
   Structured financings totaled $3.5 billion at September 30, 2016,
down from $4.7 billion at December 31, 2015. The decrease during 2016 reflects net repayments of associated assets and redemptions. The weighted
average coupon rate of structured financings at September 30, 2016 was 3.66%, up from 3.40% at December 31, 2015. The increase in the weighted average
rate reflects repayments on lower coupon financings. 
 
   CIT Bank, N.A. structured financings totaled $0.4 billion and
$0.8 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which were secured by $0.5 billion and $1.1 billion of pledged assets at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Non- CIT Bank, N.A. structured financings were $3.2 billion and $3.9 billion at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and were secured by $6.8 billion of pledged assets and $7.2 billion, at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. 
 
   See  Note 8   Borrowings  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  for a table displaying our consolidated secured financings and pledged assets. 
 
     FRB   
 
   The Company has a borrowing facility with the FRB Discount Window
that can be used for short-term, typically overnight, borrowings. The borrowing capacity is determined by the FRB based on the collateral
pledged. 
 
   There were no outstanding borrowings with the FRB Discount Window
as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. See  Note 8   Borrowings  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for total
balances pledged, including amounts to the FRB. 
 
     Total Return Swap   
 
   Two financing facilities between two wholly-owned subsidiaries of
CIT and GSI are structured as total return swaps (together, the  TRS ), under which amounts available for advances are accounted for as
derivatives. Pursuant to 

114   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
    applicable accounting guidance, only the unutilized portion
of the TRS is accounted for as a derivative and recorded at its estimated fair value. The size of the CIT Financial Ltd. financing facility with GSI is
$1.5 billion (the  CFL Facility ) and the CIT TRS Funding B.V. financing facility with GSI is $625 million (the  BV
Facility ). 
 
   At September 30, 2016, a total of $1,707 million of pledged
assets, and secured debt totaling $1,085 million issued to investors, was outstanding under the TRS. About half of the pledged assets and debt
outstanding under the TRS related to assets originated by Commercial Air, a business which is subject to a sale agreement. After adjustment to the
amount of actual qualifying borrowing base under the terms of the TRS, this secured debt provided for usage of $925 million of the maximum notional
amount of the TRS. The remaining $1,200 million of the maximum notional amount represents the unused portion of the TRS and constitutes the notional
amount of derivative financial instruments. The expected repayment of the secured debt currently utilized as a reference obligation in the TRS, which
is secured by certain Commercial Air assets, will cause the unused portion of the TRS to increase if we do not replace such unused capacity with
another reference obligation. An unsecured counterparty receivable of $560 million is owed to CIT from GSI for debt discount, return of collateral
posted to GSI and settlements resulting from market value changes to the asset-backed securities underlying the structures at September 30,
2016. 
 
   Based on the Company s valuation, we recorded a liability of
$48 million and $55 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. During the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we
recognized $20 million and $24 million as reductions to other income, respectively, associated with the change in liability. The change in value of $7
million was recognized as a benefit to Other Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $32 million as a reduction for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 
 
   Details of the TRS have not changed and are disclosed in  Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 
   See also  Note 9   Derivative Financial Instruments  in
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for further information. 
 
    Debt Ratings  
 
   Debt ratings can influence the cost and availability of short-and
long-term funding, the terms and conditions on which such funding may be available, the collateral requirements, if any, for borrowings and certain
derivative instruments, the acceptability of our letters of credit, and the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to the Company. A
decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely
affect the Company s liquidity and financial condition.  
 
   CIT and CIT Bank, N.A. debt ratings at September 30, 2016, as
rated by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services ( S P ), Fitch Ratings, Inc. ( Fitch ), Moody s Investors Service
( Moody s ) and DBRS Inc. ( DBRS ) are presented in the following table.  
 
      Debt Ratings as of September 30, 2016     

S P    
            
       Fitch    
            
       Moody s    
            
       DBRS    

CIT Group
Inc.  

Issuer /
Counterparty Credit Rating 

BB+ 

BB+ 

Ba3 

BB (High) 

Revolving Credit
Facility Rating 

BB+ 

BB+ 

Ba3 

BBB (Low) 

Series C Notes /
Senior Unsecured Debt Rating 

BB+ 

BB+ 

Ba3 

BB (High) 

Outlook 

Stable 

Stable 

Stable 

Stable 

CIT Bank,
N.A.  

Deposit Rating
(LT/ST) 

NR 

BBB-/F3 

Baa3/Prime 3 

BB (High)/R-4 

Long-term Senior
Unsecured Debt Rating 

BBB- 

BB+ 

Baa3 

BB (High) 

Outlook 

Stable 

Stable 

Stable 

Positive 

NR   Not Rated   
 
   In October, Moody s placed the ratings of CIT Group Inc. and
CIT Bank, N.A. on review for possible upgrade. In June, Moody s assigned an issuer rating to CIT Group Inc. of Ba3, upgraded the Revolving Credit
Facility and unsecured debt ratings to Ba3 and changed its outlook to stable from positive. Moody s also issued ratings for CIT Bank, NA, which
they previously did not rate. In January 2016, S P assigned a long-term issuer credit rating of BBB- to CIT Bank, N.A. 
 
   Rating agencies indicate that they base their ratings on many
quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the
current operating, legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. In addition, rating agencies themselves have been
subject to scrutiny arising from the financial crisis and could make or be required to make substantial changes to their ratings policies and
practices, particularly in response to legislative and regulatory changes, including as a result of provisions in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ). Potential changes in rating methodology as well as in the legislative and regulatory
environment and the timing of those changes could impact our ratings, which as noted above could impact our liquidity and financial
condition. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   115  

Table of Contents      
 
   A debt rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
securities, and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated
independently of any other rating. 
 
    Tax Implications of Cash in Foreign
Subsidiaries  
 
   Cash held by foreign subsidiaries of the Company totaled $1.0
billion, including cash available to the BHC and restricted cash, at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. 
 
   Other than in a limited number of jurisdictions, management does
not intend to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings.  
 
    Contractual Payments and Commitments   
 
      Payments
                                         for the Twelve Months Ended September 30   (1)   (dollars in millions)  

(1)     

Projected payments of debt interest expense and obligations
relating to post-retirement programs are excluded.   

(2)     

Includes non-recourse secured borrowings, which are generally
repaid in conjunction with the pledged receivable maturities.    

Commitment
                                         Expiration by Twelve Months Ended September 30  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Aerospace commitments are net of amounts on deposit with
manufacturers.   

Financing commitments decreased from $7.4 billion at December 31,
2015 to $6.7 billion at September 30, 2016. Financing commitments include commitments that have been extended to and accepted by customers or agents,
but on which the criteria for funding have not been completed of $1.1 billion at September 30, 2015. Also included are Commercial Services credit line
agreements, with an amount available of $425 million, net of the amount of receivables assigned to us. These are cancellable by CIT only after a notice
period. 
 
   At September 30, 2016, substantially all our undrawn financing
commitments were senior facilities, with approximately 80% secured by commercial equipment or other assets, and the remainder comprised of cash flow or
enterprise value facilities. Most of our undrawn and available financing commitments are in the Commercial Finance division of Commercial Banking. The
top ten undrawn commitments totaled $385 million at September 30, 2016. The table above includes approximately $1.6 billion of undrawn financing
commitments at September 30, 2016 that were not in compliance with contractual obligations, and therefore CIT does not have a contractual obligation to
lend under such financing commitments. 
 
   See  Note 14   Commitments  in  Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements  for further detail. 

116   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     CAPITAL  

Capital Management  
 
   CIT manages its capital position to ensure that it is sufficient
to: (i) support the risks of its businesses, (ii) maintain a  well-capitalized  status under regulatory requirements, and (iii) provide
flexibility to take advantage of future investment opportunities. Capital in excess of these requirements is available to distribute to shareholders,
subject to a  non-objection  to our capital plan from the FRB. 
 
   CIT uses a complement of capital metrics and related thresholds
to measure capital adequacy taking into account the existing regulatory capital framework. CIT further evaluates capital adequacy through the
enterprise stress testing and economic capital ( ECAP ) approaches, which constitutes our capital adequacy process. 
 
   CIT s capital management is discussed further in the
 Regulation  section of  Item 1. Business Overview  with respect to regulatory matters, including   Capital
Requirements   and   Stress Test and Capital Plan Requirements   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 
 
    Regulatory Reporting Impact of Exceeding $50 Billion of
Assets  
 
   As a BHC in excess of $50 billion of assets, CIT is subject to
enhanced prudential regulation under the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other requirements, CIT is subject to capital planning and stress testing requirements
under the FRB s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ( CCAR ) process, which requires CIT to submit an annual capital plan and
demonstrate that it can meet required adequate capital levels over a nine quarter planning horizon after taking into account the impact of stresses
based on both supervisory and company-specific scenarios. 
 
   CIT submitted its first CCAR capital plan to the Federal Reserve
in April 2016. As this filing was a private submission, the FRB did not publish its findings but informed CIT that we received a qualitative objection
to the plan. We are actively remediating the gaps identified by the FRB. In providing us with feedback the Federal Reserve did approve the continuation
of our dividend and share repurchases at an amount consistent with 2015. In accordance with 12 CFR 225.8(e)(4), CIT re-submitted its Capital Plan to
the Federal Reserve to include the expected capital impacts resulting from the Commercial Air sale, and revised our requested capital actions
accordingly. CIT received a  non-objection  from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for its Amended Capital Plan subject to the closing of
the transaction. The Amended Capital Plan authorizes CIT to return $2.975 billion of common equity to shareholders from the net proceeds of the sale;
return up to an additional $0.325 billion of common equity contingent upon the issuance of a similar amount of Tier 1 qualifying preferred stock; and
pay common dividends totaling $64 million per year after the transaction is completed, subject to quarterly approval by the CIT Board of
Directors. 
 
   CIT also collects and reports to the FRB certain capital-related
data on a quarterly basis, which the FRB will use to track our progress against the capital plan. Upon full implementation of the CCAR process in 2017,
the results of our capital plan and stress tests will be made public. Also beginning in 2017, CIT will be required to participate in the mid-year
stress test submission to the FRB. 
 
   The final Basel III framework requires banks and BHCs to measure
their liquidity against specific liquidity tests. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio ( LCR ), is designed to ensure that
the banking entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets equal to the entity s expected net cash outflow for a
30-day time horizon under an acute liquidity stress scenario, with a phased implementation process starting January 1, 2015 and complete implementation
by January 1, 2019. The final rule applies a modified version of the LCR requirements to bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of
greater than $50 billion but less than $250 billion. Implementation for Modified LCR banking organizations, which CIT is considered, began on January
1, 2016, with a minimum requirement of 90% coverage. Beginning January 1, 2017, the minimum requirement will increase to 100%. At September 30, 2016,
our modified LCR was above 100% at both the Bank and on a consolidated basis. 
 
    Return of Capital  
 
   Our year-to-date common stock dividends in 2016 were as follows:

2016 Dividends     

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   117  

Table of Contents      
 
    Capital Composition and Ratios  
 
   The Company is subject to various regulatory capital
requirements. We compute capital ratios in accordance with Federal Reserve capital guidelines for assessing adequacy of capital. The regulatory capital
guidelines applicable to the Company were based on the Basel III Final Rule.  
 
      Tier
                                         1 Capital and Total Capital Components  (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Goodwill and disallowed intangible assets adjustments include
the respective portion of deferred tax liability in accordance with guidelines under Basel III.   

(2)     

Other reserves  represents additional credit loss
reserves for unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit, and deferred purchase agreements, all of which are recorded in Other
Liabilities.   

The reconciliation of balance sheet assets to risk-weighted
assets is presented below:  
 
      Risk-Weighted Assets  (dollars in millions)    

118   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
   The 2016 off balance sheet items primarily reflect commitments to
purchase aircraft and railcars ($8.9 billion related to aircraft and $0.4 billion related to railcars), unused lines of credit ($2.9 billion credit
equivalent, largely related to the Commercial Finance division), and deferred purchase agreements ($2.0 billion related to the Business Capital
division). See  Note 14   Commitments  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements  for further detail on commitments.

Tangible
                                         Book Value and per Share Amounts  (dollars in millions, except per share amounts)  

(1)     

Tangible book value and tangible book value per share are
non-GAAP measures.   

Book value and Tangible book value ( TBV ), along with
the respective per share balances increased from December 31, 2015, primarily reflecting net income recorded during 2016. 
 
     CIT BANK, N.A. 

CIT Bank, N.A. ( CIT Bank  or the  Bank ), a
wholly-owned subsidiary, is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, U.S. Department of the Treasury ( OCC ) and is also
subject to regulation and examination by the FDIC. The Bank originates and funds lending and leasing activity in the U.S., primarily by raising
deposits through its 70 branch network, from retail and institutional customers through commercial channels, as well as its online banking platform and
broker channels. Its existing suite of deposit products includes checking and savings accounts, Individual Retirement Accounts and Certificates of
Deposit. The Bank s primary location is in Pasadena, CA. 
 
   Total assets for the bank were down slightly as compared to
December 31, 2015. Financing and leasing assets were down modestly (1.7%), as growth from new business volumes was offset by portfolio runoff,
collections and sales. Loans were down 6.1% from December 31, 2015, reflecting transfers to assets held for sale primarily related to Business Air
loans ($723 million) and the sale of aircraft loans to the Bank Holding Company ($192 million). Operating lease equipment was up from December 31,
2015, reflecting increased leasing volumes and a $445 million purchase of Rail operating lease equipment from the Bank Holding Company. The portfolio
of operating lease equipment, which currently totals $3.4 billion, is comprised primarily of railcars, and to a lesser extent equipment
finance. 
 
   Total cash and investment securities, including non-interest
bearing cash, were $8.6 billion at September 30, 2016, flat with December 31, 2015, although the mix has shifted to increase investments to $3.1
billion. The investment securities are mostly mortgage-backed and federal agency securities. As part of our 2016 business strategy, CIT Bank is
redeploying cash into higher-yielding  High Quality Liquid Assets.  
 
   CIT Bank deposits at September 30, 2016 were up slightly from
December 31, 2015. The weighted average interest rate at September 30, 2016 was 1.22%, down slightly from 1.26% at December 31, 2015 based on market
pressures and competition. 
 
   FHLB advances provide a consistent source of funding for the
Bank, which is a member of the FHLB of San Francisco. The decrease in the FHLB balance from December 2015 is a result of management s decision to
utilize excess cash balances to reduce these borrowings. The Bank can borrow under a line of credit that is secured by collateral pledged from its
portfolio to the FHLB San Francisco. Other borrowings, consisting of secured debt instruments, decreased from December 31, 2015 through expected
pay-down and run-off activity. 
 
   The increase in liabilities of discontinued operations reflects
additional reserves recorded related to the HECM interest curtailment reserve. The decline in total equity was driven by the loss from discontinued
operations and dividends paid to the BHC. 
 
   The Bank s capital and leverage ratios are included in the
tables that follow and remained well above required levels. CIT Bank reports regulatory capital ratios in accordance with the Basel III Final Rule and
determines risk weighted assets under the Standardized Approach. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   119  

Table of Contents      
 
   The following presents condensed financial information for CIT Bank, N.A. 
 
      Condensed
                                         Balance Sheets  (dollars in millions)    

*  The capital ratios presented above are reflective
of the fully-phased in BASEL III approach.   
 
      Financing
                                         and Leasing Assets by Segment  (dollars in millions)    

120   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Condensed
                                         Statements of Operations  (dollars in millions)    

Compared to the prior-year quarter, results are significantly
changed due to the OneWest Bank acquisition, which occurred in August 2015. Compared to the prior quarter, the Bank s income from continuing
operations results benefited from higher net revenue and lower operating expenses. 
 
   The increase in income from continuing operations for the current
quarter was mainly attributed to higher rental income, an increase in other income due to a gain of $47 million related to the sale of aircraft to the
Bank Holding Company (which eliminates in consolidation), partially offset by higher provision for credit losses. The gain in equipment sales was
partially offset by an increase in the mark to market adjustment related to the Business Air portfolio, carried in held for sale, of approximately $13
million. 
 
   The provision for credit losses in the current quarter increased
versus the prior quarter, which can be mainly attributed to the higher reserve rate in Commercial Banking. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average
finance receivables were 0.34% and 0.57%, for the third and second quarters of 2016, respectively. 
 
   Operating expenses improved versus the prior quarter
                which resulted in a lower efficiency ratio. Operating expenses including restructuring charges were $257.3 million compared
                to $267.7 million in the prior quarter. This decrease, which was mainly due to decreases in the restructuring charges,
                resulted in an efficiency ratio of 51.2% compared to 58.4% in the prior quarter. 
 
   The current quarter loss on discontinued operation included an
impairment cost associated with Reverse Mortgage Servicing Rights. Loss on discontinued operations in the prior quarter included a large reserve for
HECM interest curtailment reserve. Discontinued Operations is discussed in an earlier section in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Note 2   Acquisitions and Disposition Activities  in  Item 1. Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   121  

Table of Contents      
 
      Net
                                         Finance Revenue  (dollars in millions)    

NFR and NFM are key metrics used by management to measure the
profitability of our lending and leasing assets. NFR includes interest and fee income on our loans and capital leases, interest and dividend income on
cash and investments, rental revenue, depreciation and maintenance and other lease expenses associated with our operating lease portfolio, as well as
funding costs. Since our asset composition includes operating lease equipment (8% of AEA for the quarter ended September 30, 2016), the company
believes that NFM is a more appropriate metric for the Bank as opposed to net interest margin ( NIM ) (a common metric used by other banks),
as NIM does not reflect the net revenue from our portfolio because it includes the impact of debt costs on all our assets but excludes the net revenue
(rental income less depreciation and maintenance and other operating lease expenses) from operating leases. 
 
   Operating leases contributed $55 million to NFR in the current
quarter, compared to $46 million in the previous quarter and $42 million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase was driven by higher rental income
due to the increase in Rail assets due to the sale from the Bank Holding Company and the prior quarter included higher lease maintenance
expense. 

122   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to use judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, reported amounts of
income and expense and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The following estimates, which are based on relevant information available
at the end of each period, include inherent risks and uncertainties related to judgments and assumptions made. We consider the estimates to be critical
in applying our accounting policies, due to the existence of uncertainty at the time the estimate is made, the likelihood of changes in estimates from
period to period and the potential impact on the financial statements. 
 
   Management believes that the judgments and estimates utilized in
the following critical accounting estimates are reasonable. We do not believe that different assumptions are more likely than those utilized, although
actual events may differ from such assumptions. Consequently, our estimates could prove inaccurate, and we may be exposed to charges to earnings that
could be material. 

n   

Allowance for Loan Losses  

n   

Loan Impairment  

n   

Fair Value Determination  

n   

Lease Residual Values  

n   

Liabilities for Uncertain Tax Positions  

n   

Realizability of Deferred Tax Assets  

n   

Goodwill Assets  

n   

Contingent Liabilities  

There have been no significant changes to the methodologies and
processes used in developing estimates relating to these items from those described in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
     INTERNAL CONTROLS WORKING GROUP 

The Internal Controls Working Group ( ICWG ), which
reports to the Company s Disclosure Committee, is responsible for monitoring and improving internal controls over external financial reporting.
The ICWG is chaired by the Controller and is comprised of executives in Finance, Risk, Operations, Human Resources, Information Technology and Internal
Audit. 
 
   See  Item 4. Controls and Procedures  for more
information. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   123  

Table of Contents      
 
     SELECT DATA AND AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS  

Select
                                         Data  (dollars in millions)    

124   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      Average
                                         Balances and Rates  (1)    (dollars in millions)    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   125  

Table of Contents      
 
      Average
                                         Balances and Rates  (1)    (dollars in millions) (continued)  

(1)   

Average rates are impacted by PAA accretion and
amortization.   

(2)   

The balance and rate presented is calculated net of
average credit balances for factoring clients.   

(3)   

Non-accrual loans and related income are included in
the respective categories.   

(4)   

Operating lease rental income is a significant source
of revenue; therefore we have presented the rental revenues net of depreciation and net of maintenance and other operating lease
expenses.   

126   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
     NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASUREMENTS 

The SEC regulations apply to any public disclosure or release of
material information that includes a non-GAAP financial measure. The accompanying Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Due to the nature of
our financing and leasing assets, which include a higher proportion of operating lease equipment than most BHCs, certain financial measures commonly
used by other BHCs are not as meaningful for our Company. We intend our non-GAAP financial measures to provide additional information and insight
regarding operating results and financial position of the business and in certain cases to provide financial information that is presented to rating
agencies and other users of financial information. These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, GAAP and may be different from or
inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. See footnotes below the tables for additional explanation of non-GAAP
measurements.  
 
      Total
                                         Net Revenue  (1)   and Net Operating Lease Revenue  (2)  
                                          (dollars in millions)    

Operating
                                         Expenses Excluding Certain Costs  (3)    (dollars in millions)  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   127  

Table of Contents      
 
      Earning
                                         Assets  (5)    (dollars in millions)    

Tangible
                                         Book Value  (6)    (dollars in millions)    

Continuing
                                         Operations Total Assets  (8)    (dollars in millions)    

128   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      

Effective
                                         Tax Rate Reconciliation  (9)    (dollars in millions)    

(1)     

Total net revenues is a non-GAAP measure that represents the
combination of net finance revenue and other income and is an aggregation of all sources of revenue for the Company. Total net revenues is used by
management to monitor business performance. Given our asset composition includes a high level of operating lease equipment, net finance revenue as a
percent of AEA is a more appropriate metric than net interest margin ( NIM ) (a common metric used by other bank holding companies), as NIM
does not fully reflect the earnings of our portfolio because it includes the impact of debt costs of all our assets but excludes the net revenue
(rental revenue less depreciation and maintenance and other operating lease expenses) from operating leases.   

(2)     

Net operating lease revenue is a non-GAAP measure that
represents the combination of rental income on operating leases less depreciation on operating lease equipment and maintenance and other operating
lease expenses. Net operating lease revenues is used by management to monitor portfolio performance.   

(3)     

Operating expenses excluding restructuring costs and
intangible asset amortization is a non-GAAP measure used by management to compare period over period expenses.   

(4)     

Net efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measurement used by
management to measure operating expenses (before restructuring costs and intangible amortization) to total net revenues. The efficiency ratio is used
to compare how much revenue is being generated to how much is being spent in a given time period.   

(5)     

Earning assets is a non-GAAP measure and are utilized in
certain revenue and earnings ratios. Earning assets are net of credit balances of factoring clients.   

(6)     

Tangible book value is a non-GAAP measure, which represents an
adjusted common shareholders  equity balance that has been reduced by goodwill and intangible assets. Tangible book value is used to compute a per
common share amount, which is used to evaluate our use of equity.   

(7)     

Return on average tangible common equity is adjusted to remove
the impact of intangible amortization, goodwill impairment and the impact from valuation allowance reversals from income from continuing operations,
while the average tangible common equity is reduced for disallowed deferred tax assets. Return on average tangible common equity is another metric used
to evaluate our use of equity.   

(8)     

Continuing operations total assets is a non-GAAP measure,
which management uses for analytical purposes to compare balance sheet assets on a consistent basis.   

(9)     

The provision for income before discrete items and the
respective effective tax rate are non-GAAP measures, which management uses for analytical purposes to understand the Company s tax rate on a more
consistent basis.   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis and
 Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   129  

Table of Contents      
 
     FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this document are
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. All statements
contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking and the words  anticipate,   believe, 
 could,   expect,   estimate,   forecast,   intend,   plan,   potential, 
 project,   target  and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking
statements contained herein, in press releases, written statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in
communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference
calls, concerning our operations, economic performance and financial condition are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and contingencies.
Forward-looking statements are included, for example, in the discussions about: 

n   

our liquidity risk and capital management, including our capital
plan, leverage, capital ratios, and credit ratings, our liquidity plan, and our plans and the potential transactions designed to enhance our liquidity
and capital, and for a return of capital,  

n   

our plans to change our funding mix and to access new sources of
funding to broaden our use of deposit taking capabilities,  

n   

our pending or potential acquisition and disposition plans, and
the integration and restructuring risks inherent in such acquisitions, including our August 2015 acquisition of OneWest Bank and our pending sale of
the Commercial Air leasing business,  

n   

our credit risk management and credit quality,  

n   

our asset/liability risk management,  

n   

our funding, borrowing costs and net finance
revenue,  

n   

our operational risks, including risk of operational errors,
failure of operational controls, success of systems enhancements and expansion of risk management and control functions,  

n   

our mix of portfolio asset classes, including changes resulting
from growth initiatives, new business initiatives, new products, acquisitions and divestitures, new business and customer retention,  

n   

legal risks, including related to the enforceability of our
agreements and to changes in laws and regulations,  

n   

our growth rates,  

n   

our commitments to extend credit or purchase equipment,
and  

n   

how we may be affected by legal proceedings.  

All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties,
many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results,
performance or achievements. Also, forward-looking statements are based upon management s estimates of fair values and of future costs, using
currently available information. 
 
   Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those
expressed or implied in those statements. Factors, in addition to those disclosed in   Risk Factors  , that could cause such differences
include, but are not limited to: 

n   

capital markets liquidity,  

n   

risks of and/or actual economic slowdown, downturn or
recession,  

n   

industry cycles and trends,  

n   

uncertainties associated with risk management, including credit,
prepayment, asset/liability, interest rate and currency risks,  

n   

adequacy of reserves for credit losses,  

n   

risks inherent in changes in market interest rates and quality
spreads,  

n   

funding opportunities, deposit taking capabilities and borrowing
costs,  

n   

conditions and/or changes in funding markets and our access to
such markets, including the secured and unsecured debt and asset-backed securitization markets,  

n   

risks of implementing new processes, procedures, and systems,
including any new processes, procedures, and systems required to comply with the additional laws and regulations applicable to systematically important
financial institutions,  

n   

risks associated with the value and recoverability of leased
equipment and related lease residual values,  

n   

risks of failing to achieve the projected revenue growth from
new business initiatives or the projected expense reductions from efficiency improvements,  

n   

application of fair value accounting in volatile
markets,  

n   

application of goodwill accounting in a recessionary
economy,  

n   

changes in laws or regulations governing our business and
operations, or affecting our assets, including our operating lease equipment,  

n   

changes in competitive factors,  

n   

demographic trends,  

n   

customer retention rates,  

n   

risks associated with dispositions of businesses or asset
portfolios, including how to replace the income associated with such businesses or asset portfolios and the risk of residual liabilities from such
businesses or portfolios,  

130   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      

n   

risks associated with acquisitions of businesses or asset
portfolios and the risks of integrating such acquisitions, including the integration of OneWest Bank, and  

n   

regulatory changes and/or developments.  

Any or all of our forward-looking statements here or in other
publications may turn out to be wrong, and there are no guarantees regarding our performance. We do not assume any obligation to update any
forward-looking statement for any reason. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES  
 
   Under the supervision of and with the participation of
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ) as of September 30, 2016. Based on such evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer have
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness discussed below. 

MATERIAL WEAKNESS IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING  
 
   In its 2015 Form 10-K filing, management identified a
                material weakness in the Financial Freedom reverse mortgage servicing business, which is reported in discontinued operations
                as of September 30, 2016. Such material weakness still exists as of September 30, 2016. As of December 31, 2015, the Company
                excluded the material weakness noted above from its evaluations of both disclosure controls and internal control over
                financial reporting, as it related to the acquisition of IMB Holdco. As of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company
                continued to exclude the material weakness from its quarterly evaluations of disclosure controls. Since the acquisition
                occurred in August 2015, the Company has considered such material weakness (which arose from the acquired business) within
                its evaluation of disclosure controls for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company will also be required, at
                December 31. 2016, to consider this material weakness as part of its evaluation of disclosure controls and internal control
                over financial reporting. 
 
   A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of
deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the
Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
   In connection with the preparation of the Company s
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company identified errors in the estimation process of the HECM Interest Curtailment
Reserve that resulted in a measurement period adjustment. 
 
   Following the identification of the errors, management determined
that a material weakness existed in the acquired business s internal control over financial reporting related to the HECM Interest Curtailment
Reserve. Specifically, controls were not adequately designed and maintained to ensure the key judgments and assumptions developed from loan file
reviews or other historical experience are accurately determined, valid and authorized, the data used in the estimation process is complete and
accurate, and the assumptions, judgments, and methodology continue to be appropriate. This control deficiency could result in misstatements of the HECM
Interest Curtailment Reserve that could result in a material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or
detected. 

Subsequent to the acquisition of IMB, management continued to
review information relating to events or circumstances existing at the acquisition date, particularly in light of the identification of the material
weakness related to the HECM Interest Curtailment Reserve. This review resulted in the Company taking certain charges and making certain adjustments to
the acquisition date valuation amounts in our 2015 Form 10-K. During the second quarter of 2016, in connection with the preparation of the
Company s quarterly financial statements, as a result of new information from the ongoing process to remediate the material weakness and taking
into consideration the investigation being conducted by the Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) for the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, the Company recorded additional reserves, reflecting a change in estimate, of approximately $230 million, which is net of a corresponding
increase in the indemnification receivable from the FDIC. This review and the related investigation are ongoing, and, as a result, there could be
additional adjustments recorded in future periods. 

In response to the material weakness described above, the Company
is redesigning the procedures and controls to remediate the material weakness, with oversight from the Board of Directors. This remediation plan, which
management began to implement in Q1 2016, includes the following elements: 

1)   

Implement a data quality control program.  

2)   

Enhance controls over documentation of detailed data
sources.  

3)   

Simplify the reserve estimation process and improve governance,
controls and documentation.  

Item 4.  Controls
                 and Procedures  131  

Table of Contents      
 
   Though the Company began to implement its remediation
                plan and improvements have been made in the processes and related controls in 2016, management does not expect that this
                material                 weakness                 will be remediated as of December 31, 2016. Management believes that
                the new or enhanced                 controls, when fully                 implemented and when tested for a sufficient period
                of time, will remediate the material                 weakness However, the Company cannot                 provide any
                assurance that these remediation efforts will be                 successful. 
 
    CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING  
 
   There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. 

132   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      

Part Two   Other Information  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 

CIT is currently involved, and from time to time in the future
may be involved, in a number of judicial, regulatory, and arbitration proceedings relating to matters that arise in connection with the conduct of its
business (collectively,  Litigation ), certain of which Litigation matters are described in  Note 15     Contingencies  of
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements . In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of Litigation matters, particularly when
such matters are in their early stages or where the claimants seek indeterminate damages, CIT cannot state with confidence what the eventual outcome of
the pending Litigation will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be, or what the eventual loss, fines, or penalties
related to each pending matter may be, if any. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, CIT establishes reserves for Litigation when those
matters present loss contingencies as to which it is both probable that a loss will occur and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated.
Based on currently available information, CIT believes that the results of Litigation that is currently pending, taken together, will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, but may be material to the Company s operating results or cash flows for any
particular period, depending in part on its operating results for that period. The actual results of resolving such matters may be substantially higher
than the amounts reserved. 
 
   For more information about pending
                legal proceedings, including an estimate of certain reasonably possible losses in excess of reserved amounts,
                see  Note 15     Contingencies  of  Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
       Item 1A.  Risk Factors 

For a discussion of risk factors not changed, see  Part I, Item
1A. Risk Factors , of CIT s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and Forward-Looking Statements of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

There were no repurchases of the Company s common stock
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 
 
       Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
 133  

Table of Contents      
 
       Item 6.  Exhibits 

(a)   

Exhibits  

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among CIT Group Inc., IMB HoldCo LLC, Carbon Merger Sub LLC and JCF III HoldCo I L.P., dated as of July
21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed July 25, 2014). 

2.2 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 21, 2015, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among CIT Group Inc., IMB HoldCo I L.P., Carbon Merger
Sub LLC and JCF III HoldCo I L.P., dated as of July 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed July 27,
2015). 

3.1 

Fourth Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
May 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed May 17, 2016). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, as amended through May 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed May
17, 2016). 

4.1 

Indenture dated as of January 20, 2006 between CIT Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.) for
the issuance of senior debt securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-3 filed January 20, 2006). 

4.2 

First
Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2007 between CIT Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.)
for the issuance of senior debt securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2007). 

4.3 

Third
Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2009, between CIT Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.)
relating to senior debt securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2009). 

4.4 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2009 between CIT Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan
Chase Bank N.A.) relating to senior debt securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed October 19, 2009). 

4.5 

Framework Agreement, dated July 11, 2008, among ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as arranger, Madeleine Leasing Limited, as initial borrower, CIT Aerospace
International, as initial head lessee, and CIT Group Inc., as guarantor, as amended by the Deed of Amendment, dated July 19, 2010, among The Royal Bank
of Scotland N.V. (f/k/a ABN AMRO Bank N.V.), as arranger, Madeleine Leasing Limited, as initial borrower, CIT Aerospace International, as initial head
lessee, and CIT Group Inc., as guarantor, as supplemented by Letter Agreement No. 1 of 2010, dated July 19, 2010, among The Royal Bank of Scotland
N.V., as arranger, CIT Aerospace International, as head lessee, and CIT Group Inc., as guarantor, as amended and supplemented by the Accession Deed,
dated July 21, 2010, among The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., as arranger, Madeleine Leasing Limited, as original borrower, and Jessica Leasing Limited,
as acceding party, as supplemented by Letter Agreement No. 2 of 2010, dated July 29, 2010, among The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., as arranger, CIT
Aerospace International, as head lessee, and CIT Group Inc., as guarantor, relating to certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of
aircraft and related assets (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.6 

Form
of All Parties Agreement among CIT Aerospace International, as head lessee, Madeleine Leasing Limited, as borrower and lessor, CIT Group Inc., as
guarantor, various financial institutions, as original ECA lenders, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Paris Branch, as French national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,
Niederlassung Deutschland, as German national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as British national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch,
as ECA facility agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as security trustee, and CIT Aerospace International, as servicing agent, relating to certain
Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2008 and 2009 fiscal years (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.12 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

134   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents    

4.7 

Form
of ECA Loan Agreement among Madeleine Leasing Limited, as borrower, various financial institutions, as original ECA lenders, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Paris
Branch, as French national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Niederlassung Deutschland, as German national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as
British national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as ECA facility agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as security trustee, and CIT
Aerospace International, as servicing agent, relating to certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets
during the 2008 and 2009 fiscal years (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.8 

Form
of Aircraft Head Lease between Madeleine Leasing Limited, as lessor, and CIT Aerospace International, as head lessee, relating to certain Export Credit
Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2008 and 2009 fiscal years (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to
Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.9 

Form
of Proceeds and Intercreditor Deed among Madeleine Leasing Limited, as borrower and lessor, various financial institutions, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Paris
Branch, as French national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Niederlassung Deutschland, as German national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as
British national agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as ECA facility agent, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., London Branch, as security trustee, relating to
certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2008 and 2009 fiscal years (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.10 

Form
of All Parties Agreement among CIT Aerospace International, as head lessee, Jessica Leasing Limited, as borrower and lessor, CIT Group Inc., as
guarantor, various financial institutions, as original ECA lenders, Citibank International plc, as French national agent, Citibank International plc,
as German national agent, Citibank International plc, as British national agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as ECA facility agent,
The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as security trustee, CIT Aerospace International, as servicing agent, and Citibank, N.A., as
administrative agent, relating to certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2010 fiscal year
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.11 

Form
of ECA Loan Agreement among Jessica Leasing Limited, as borrower, various financial institutions, as original ECA lenders, Citibank International plc,
as French national agent, Citibank International plc, as German national agent, Citibank International plc, as British national agent, The Royal Bank
of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as ECA facility agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as security trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as
administrative agent, relating to certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2010 fiscal year
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.12 

Form
of Aircraft Head Lease between Jessica Leasing Limited, as lessor, and CIT Aerospace International, as head lessee, relating to certain Export Credit
Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related assets during the 2010 fiscal year (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Form 10-K
filed March 10, 2011). 

4.13 

Form
of Proceeds and Intercreditor Deed among Jessica Leasing Limited, as borrower and lessor, various financial institutions, as original ECA lenders,
Citibank International plc, as French national agent, Citibank International plc, as German national agent, Citibank International plc, as British
national agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as ECA facility agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., London Branch, as security
trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, relating to certain Export Credit Agency sponsored secured financings of aircraft and related
assets during the 2010 fiscal year (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011). 

4.14 

Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2011, between CIT Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed June 30, 2011). 

4.15 

First
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2011, between CIT Group Inc., the Guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee (including the Form of 5.250% Note due 2014 and the Form of 6.625% Note due 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed
June 30, 2011). 

4.16 

Third
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, between CIT Group Inc., the Guarantors named therein, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
as trustee (including the Form of Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Form 8-K dated February 13, 2012). 

Item 6.  Exhibits
 135  

Table of Contents    

4.17 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2012, among CIT Group Inc., the Guarantors named therein, and JP Morgan Securities LLC,
as representative for the initial purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K dated February 13,
2012). 

4.18 

Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2012, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed March 16,
2012). 

4.19 

First
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2012, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (including the Form of 5.25% Senior Unsecured Note due 2018)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed March 16, 2012). 

4.20 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 4, 2012, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (including the Form of 5.000% Senior Unsecured Note due 2017
and the Form of 5.375% Senior Unsecured Note due 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed May 4, 2012). 

4.21 

Third
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 3, 2012, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (including the Form of 4.25% Senior Unsecured Note due 2017 and the Form
of 5.00% Senior Unsecured Note due 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed August 3, 2012). 

4.22 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (including the Form of 5.00% Senior Unsecured Note
due 2023) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed August 1, 2013). 

4.23 

Fifth
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2014, among CIT Group Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, security registrar and authenticating agent (including the Form of 3.875% Senior Unsecured Note due 2019)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed February 19, 2014). 

4.24 

Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2016, among CIT Group Inc., certain subsidiaries
of CIT Group Inc., as Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 18, 2016). 

10.1* 

Amended and Restated CIT Group Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective December 10, 2009) (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 filed January 11, 2010). 

10.2* 

CIT
Group Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form
10-Q filed May 12, 2008). 

10.3* 

CIT
Group Inc. Supplemental Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-Q
filed May 12, 2008). 

10.4* 

New
Executive Retirement Plan of CIT Group Inc. (As Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2008) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-Q
filed May 12, 2008). 

10.5* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-term Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement (One Year Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-Q
filed August 9, 2010). 

10.6* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-term Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement (Three Year Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-Q
filed August 9, 2010). 

10.7* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Director Award Agreement (Initial Grant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39
to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2010). 

10.8* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Director Award Agreement (Annual Grant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to
Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2010). 

136   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents    

Item 6.  Exhibits
 137  

Table of Contents    

10.29* 

Retention Letter Agreement, dated July 21, 2014, between CIT Group Inc. and Steven T. Mnuchin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
Form 8-K filed July 25, 2014). 

10.30* 

Offer
Letter, dated October 27, 2015, between CIT Group Inc. and Ellen R. Alemany, including Attached Exhibits. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39
to Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2015). 

10.31 

Nomination and Support Agreement dated February 18, 2016 by and between J.C. Flowers   Co. LLC and CIT Group Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed February 22, 2016). 

10.32* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (with Performance Based Vesting) (2016) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2016). 

10.33* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (with Performance Based Vesting) (Executives with Employment
Agreements) (2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2016). 

10.34* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (with ROTCE and Credit Provision Performance Measures) (2016)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2016). 

10.35* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (with ROTCE and Credit Provision Performance Measures) (Executives
with Employment Agreements) (2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2016). 

10.36* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (with Performance Based Vesting) (2015) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2016). 

10.37* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Director Award Agreement (Stock Settled, One Year or Three Year Vesting) (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2016). 

10.38* 

Form
of CIT Group Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Director Award Agreement (Cash and Stock Settled, One Year or Three Year Vesting)
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2016). 

10.39* 

Employment Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2016, between CIT Aerospace LLC and C. Jeffrey Knittel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Form 8-K filed July 11, 2016). 

10.40* 

CIT
Employee Severance Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2017) (filed herein) 

12.1 

CIT
Group Inc. and Subsidiaries Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 

31.1 

Certification of Ellen R. Alemany pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Commission, as promulgated pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of E. Carol Hayles pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Commission, as promulgated pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1*** 

Certification of Ellen R. Alemany pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

32.2*** 

Certification of E. Carol Hayles pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

101.INS 

XBRL
Instance Document (Includes the following financial information included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity and Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) 

101.SCH 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

*  

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or
arrangement.     

**  

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an application for granting confidential treatment pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.     

***  

This information is furnished and not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933.     

138   CIT GROUP INC  

Table of Contents      
 
      SIGNATURES  
 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 9,
2016 

CIT
GROUP INC. 

/s/ E. Carol Hayles 

E.
Carol Hayles  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

/s/ Edward K. Sperling 

Edward K. Sperling  

Executive Vice President and Controller  

139  

<EX-10.40>
 2
 e71795ex10-40.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED SEVERANCE PLAN

CIT EMPLOYEE   SEVERANCE
PLAN  

  As Amended and Restated Effective
January 1, 2017  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I    
     INTRODUCTION 
     1  
 
     ARTICLE II    
     DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
     1  
 
     ARTICLE III    
     ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE 
     6  
 
     ARTICLE IV    
     BENEFITS PAYABLE FROM THE PLAN 
     7  
 
     ARTICLE V    
     NOTICE OF TERMINATION 
     11  
 
     ARTICLE VI    
     HOW AND WHEN SEVERANCE BENEFITS WILL BE PAID 
     11  
 
     ARTICLE VII    
     MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
     12  
 
     ARTICLE VIII    
     WHAT ELSE A PARTICIPANT NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT THE PLAN 
     14  

i  

CIT EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE PLAN 

  ARTICLE I  
INTRODUCTION 

 Effective January 1, 2017 (defined herein
as the  Effective Date ), CIT Group Inc. ( CIT ) hereby amends and restates the CIT Employee Severance
Plan, to provide severance and other benefits to certain employees of CIT and its designated affiliated companies (together, the
 Company ) who suffer a loss of employment on or after the Effective Date under the terms and conditions set forth
herein. The CIT Employee Severance Plan, as amended and restated in this document as of the Effective Date (the  Plan ),
replaces and supersedes any and all severance plans, policies and/or practices of the Company and its Affiliates in effect for
covered employees prior to the Effective Date (including, without limitation, the CIT Employee Severance Plan document effective
November 6, 2013 (the  Prior Plan )); provided, however, that any employee of CIT or its Affiliates who has been given
written notice of termination prior to the Effective Date, or who meets the requirements for a Good Reason Termination prior to
the Effective Date, shall not be eligible for benefits under the Plan (as amended and restated in this document), but shall remain
subject to the terms and conditions of the Prior Plan; and ( ii) employees of  C2 Aviation
Capital, Inc. (and/or any of its subsidiaries)  shall not be eligible for benefits under
the Plan (as amended and restated in this document), but shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Prior Plan.  

 The Plan is intended to fall within
the definition of an  employee welfare benefit plan  under Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ( ERISA ). No employee or representative of the Company or any of its Affiliates is authorized
to modify, add to or subtract from these terms and conditions, except in accordance with the amendment and termination procedures
described herein. 

  ARTICLE II  
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

 The following definitions and interpretations
of important terms apply to the Plan. 

 1.                  
  Affiliate . Any corporation that is included in a controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section
414(b) of the Code) that includes CIT and any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with
CIT (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code); provided, however, that in applying Section 1563(a)(1), (2), and (3) of
the Code for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under Section 414(b) of the Code, the language  at
least 50 percent  shall be used instead of  at least 80 percent  each place it appears in Section 1563(a)(1),
(2) and (3) of the Code, and in applying Section 1.414(c)-2 of the Treasury Regulations, for purposes of determining trades or
businesses (whether or not incorporated) that are under common control for purposes of Section 414(c) of the Code,  at least
50 percent  shall be used instead of  at least 80 percent  each place it appears in Section 1.414(c)-2 of the
Treasury Regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no trade or business that CIT or an Affiliate acquires (or acquires an
interest in) as a result of a business loan or lease default or related or similar events, and (ii) no entity in which CIT or
an Affiliate has an equity 

investment, but which is not consolidated on CIT s
financial statements, shall be considered an Affiliate for purposes of the Plan. 

 2.                  
  Agreement and General Release . The confidential separation agreement and general release provided by the Company
to an Employee in connection with his or her termination of employment with the Company, which if executed by the Employee (and
not timely revoked), will acknowledge his or her termination of employment with the Company and release the Company, Affiliates
and all other affiliated parties and individuals from liability for any and all claims. The Agreement and General Release will
also, in the complete and sole discretion of the Company, include additional provisions relating to, by way of example and not
limitation: non-solicitation of customers, employees and other parties; confidentiality of the Agreement and General Release;
confidentiality of Company and Affiliate information; non-disparagement of the Company, Affiliates and all other affiliated parties
and individuals; return of Company and Affiliate property; cooperation with litigation; and such other provisions as the Company
deems necessary from time to time to protect its interests and those of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, non-competition
provisions. By signing the Agreement and General Release, an Employee waives, among other things, all rights he or she may have
under federal, state and local statutes and all common law causes of action related to his or her employment and the termination
of his or her employment and agrees to comply with the terms of the Agreement and General Release. 

 3.                  
  Base Pay . The Participant s annualized base salary from the Company at the time of his or her Termination
Date (or, if the Participant is paid on an hourly basis, the Participant s base wages for the 52-week period preceding his
or her Termination Date). Base Pay shall exclude all forms of bonuses or awards, commissions or sales related compensation,
non-cash compensation, incentive or deferred compensation (including STI), overtime pay, employer contributions to employee benefit
plans and any other additional or special compensation. However, a Participant s Base Pay will include salary reduction
contributions made on a Participant s behalf to any plan of the Company under Section 125, 132(f) or 401(k) of the Code.
For purposes of the Plan, a Week of Base Pay shall be a Participant s annual Base Pay divided by 52. 

 4.                  
  Cause . Any reason for an employment termination that does not constitute a basis for an Eligible Termination of
Employment, including, without limitation, misconduct, performance or performance related reasons, and any act or omission that
would preclude the Employee from employment with the Company by virtue of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 

 The determination as to whether an Employee
has been terminated for Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, and such determination shall be
final and binding on all affected Employees and may be relied upon by the Plan Administrator. 

 If an Employee is terminated from employment
and it is subsequently determined that, by virtue of conduct or circumstances, arising either before or after the termination,
the Employee or former Employee engaged in conduct that constitutes Cause or that would have constituted Cause, he or she shall
be treated as having been terminated for Cause, and the individual will be 

2  

ineligible for benefits under the Plan. In such circumstances,
in the event that Plan benefits have already been paid by the Company, the Company shall be entitled to recover any such benefits. 

 5.                  
  CEO . The chief executive officer of CIT. 

 6.                  
  Change of Control . A Change of Control shall be defined as set forth in the CIT Group Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, as amended from time to time. 

 7.                  
  Change of Control Termination . A Level 1 Employee s employment with the Company ends for any reason that constitutes
an Eligible Termination of Employment within two years after a Change of Control. 

 8.                  
  CIT . CIT Group Inc. and it successors in interest. 

 9.                  
  Claims Administrator . The Benefit Appeals Review Committee of CIT (or any successor committee), or such other person(s)
or committee appointed from time to time by the Benefits Appeals Review Committee of CIT to review claims appeals under the Plan. 

 10.              
  Claims Reviewer . The Senior Vice President of Compensation and Benefits, Human Resources of CIT. 

 11.              
  Code . The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

 12.              
  Committee . The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of CIT, as it is constituted from time to time,
or any successor committee. 

 13.              
  Company . CIT and any Affiliate, except an Affiliate that is excluded from the Plan by the CEO and that is listed
on Appendix A. An Affiliate shall cease to be part of the Company at the time such company ceases to be an Affiliate. 

 14.              
  Continuous Service . As of the Participant s Termination Date and as reflected in the Company s records,
the sum total of the Participant s period of employment in a capacity that qualifies such person as an Employee. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, employment prior to a break in service will not be counted towards a Participant s Continuous Service if
(i) it preceded a break in service longer than one year, or (ii) the Participant was paid or provided (and did not repay) severance
or termination-related benefits in connection with such employment prior to a break in service. A Year of Continuous Service is
a 12-month period of Continuous Service (no credit will be given for partial years). 

 15.              
  Effective Date . The Effective Date under this amendment and restatement of the CIT Employee Severance Plan is January
1, 2017. (The CIT Employee Severance Plan was initially effective November 6, 2013.) 

 16.              
  Eligible Termination of Employment . Eligible Termination of Employment shall mean (a) the involuntary termination
by the Company of an Employee s employment relationship as the result of a job elimination, downsizing or restructuring
or (b) a Good Reason Termination. 

3  

17.              
  EMC Member . A member of CIT s Executive Management Committee, or a successor committee. 

 18.              
  Employee . Any employee of the Company who (i) is employed within the United States as of his or her Termination
Date (or is a United States citizen temporarily on an employment assignment outside of the United States with the reasonable expectation
to return to the United States as a continuing employee of the Company), (ii) is regularly scheduled to work at least twenty hours
per week, and (iii) is not eligible to either participate in any other severance plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates
or receive severance or termination-related benefits pursuant to a written agreement between such individual and the Company or
any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,  Employee  also does not include any individual (i)
designated or classified by the Company as an independent contractor, or any other form of contingent worker and not as an employee
at the time of any determination, (ii) being paid by or through a third party agency, or (iii) designated or classified by the
Company as an intern, or a seasonal, temporary, project-based or leased employee, during the period the individual is so paid
or designated; any such individual shall not be an Employee even if he or she is later retroactively reclassified as a common-law
or other type of employee of the Company during all or any part of such period pursuant to applicable law or otherwise. 

 19.              
  Good Reason . Good Reason occurs when, without the Employee s consent: 

(i)  An
                                         Employee incurs a material diminution of his or her Base Pay (except in the event of
                                         a compensation reduction applicable to the Employee and other employees of comparable
                                         rank and/or status); or   

(ii)  Either
                                         of the following occurs, which shall be applicable to a Level 1 Employee only: (A) for
                                         purposes of determining whether the Employee experiences a Change of Control Termination,
                                         such Employee incurs a material diminution of his or her duties and responsibilities
                                         following a Change of Control, or (B) for purposes of determining whether the Employee
                                         experiences an Eligible Termination of Employment, other than a Change of Control Termination,
                                         such Employee incurs a material diminution of his or her duties and responsibilities
                                         as a result of actions taken pursuant to the provisions of the agreement under which
                                         the Change of Control is effected, but before the Change of Control actually occurs (except
                                         the foregoing shall in no event apply to a temporary reduction while the Employee is
                                         physically or mentally incapacitated or a modification in the duties and/or responsibilities
                                         of the Employee and other employees of comparable rank and/or status); or   

(iii)  An
                                         Employee is reassigned to a work location that is more than fifty miles from his or her
                                         immediately preceding work location and which increases the distance the Employee has
                                         to commute to work by more than fifty miles.   

 20.              
  Good Reason Termination . The termination by an Employee of his or her employment relationship with the Company for
Good Reason; provided, however, that a Good Reason Termination shall not occur unless (a) the Employee has provided the Company
written notice specifying in detail the alleged   condition of Good Reason within thirty days of the 

4  

existence of such condition; (b) the Company has failed
to cure such alleged condition within ninety days following the Company s receipt of such written notice; and (c) if the
Committee has determined that the Company has failed to cure such alleged condition, the Employee initiates a termination of employment
within five days following the end of such ninety-day cure period. 

 21.              
  Ineligible Termination . A discharge or other termination of employment of an Employee for any of the following reasons: 

(i)  the
                                         Employee is involuntarily terminated by the Company, with or without prior warning or
                                         notice, for Cause;   

(ii)  an
                                         Employee s voluntary resignation (other than a Good Reason Termination), retirement,
                                         job abandonment or other voluntary failure to remain continuously employed through his
                                         or her designated Termination Date;   

(iii)  an
                                         Employee s death (except as specifically provided herein) or disability (as defined
                                         in the Company s applicable long-term disability plan or policy last in effect
                                         prior to the first date the Employee suffered from such disability);   

(iv)  the
                                         business or a portion of the business of the Company is (i) sold in whole or in part
                                         to an unaffiliated corporation, company or individual, (ii) merged or consolidated with
                                         an unaffiliated corporation, company or individual or is part of a similar corporate
                                         transaction or (iii) outsourced to another corporation, company or individual, and the
                                         Employee is offered employment with the purchaser or surviving business or the corporation,
                                         company or individual to which the business is outsourced (whether or not he or she accepts
                                         any such position with the purchaser, surviving business or other company or individual)
                                         in a position (a) with an annualized base pay in an amount at least equal to the annualized
                                         Base Pay that the Employee last received from the Company; and (b) that does not result
                                         in a reassignment of the Employee s work location that is more than fifty miles
                                         from the Employee s immediately preceding work location and which increases the
                                         distance the Employee has to commute to work by more than fifty miles.   

 22.              
  Level 1 Employee . An EMC Member and an Employee with a grade of 420 or higher (or such other comparable classification
as determined by the Company in writing from time to time) and other key Employees as designated by the CEO and approved by the
Committee. 

 23.              
  Level 2 Employee . An Employee with a grade less than 420 (or such other comparable classification as determined
by the Company in writing from time to time). 

 24.              
  Notice Date . The date on which an Employee is notified by the Company of his or her involuntary Eligible Termination
of Employment or an Employee notifies the Company of a Good Reason Termination. 

5  

25.              
  Notice Period . The time between when an Employee is notified in writing that he or she will be incurring an involuntary
Eligible Termination of Employment and his or her Termination Date, as determined under Article V, below. 

 26.              
  Participant . An Employee who meets the requirements for eligibility under the Plan, as set forth in Article III,
below. An individual shall cease being a Participant once all severance and other benefits due to such individual under the Plan
have been paid with respect to such Participant and no person shall have any further rights under this Plan with respect to such
former Participant. 

 27.              
  Plan Administrator . The Benefits Administrative Committee of CIT (or successor committee), or such other person(s)
or committee appointed from time to time by the Benefits Administrative Committee of CIT to administer the Plan. 

 28.              
  Severance Pay . The amount payable to a Participant under Article IV, below. 

 29.              
  Severance Period . The number of weeks for which Base Severance is paid to a Participant under Article IV, below. 

 30.              
  STI . The discretionary annual incentive, including cash and applicable equity or equity-based or other non-cash
awards, whether or not deferred, that may be payable to a Participant, but excluding all other forms of incentive awards, such
as any long term incentive awards or payments, special awards or bonuses, sign-on or retention awards or bonuses, earn out awards
or payments, awards or payments pursuant to any sales plans and/or commission plans, or any similar awards or payments, as determined
in the sole discretion of the Company. 

 31.              
  Termination Date . The date (as designated by the Company with respect to an involuntary termination) on which an
Employee experiences an Eligible Termination of Employment with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Employee, the Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to change a previously designated Termination Date. 

  ARTICLE III  
ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE 

 An Employee becomes a Participant in
the Plan and shall be entitled to Severance Pay and other benefits provided in Article IV and, if applicable, notice of termination
provided in Article V, below, only if he or she: 

(i)  Either
                                         (A) is notified by the Company in writing on or after the Effective Date of his or her
                                         involuntary Eligible Termination of Employment, to be effective as of his or her Termination
                                         Date, or (B) meets the requirements for a Good Reason Termination after the Effective
                                         Date;   

(ii)  Does
                                         not incur an Ineligible Termination or does not continue as or become an employee of
                                         the Company or an Affiliate;   

(iii)  Experiences
                                         an Eligible Termination of Employment; and   

6  

(iv)  Timely
                                         returns (and does not timely revoke) a signed, dated and notarized original Agreement
                                         and General Release.   

 An Employee shall become a Participant
and payment of benefits under the Plan will be made only after the Agreement and General Release has been signed and the time
for the Employee to revoke the Agreement and General Release (as set forth in the Agreement and General Release), if any, has
expired without the Employee having revoked that document. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an
Employee is notified in writing on or after the Effective Date of his or her involuntary Eligible Termination of Employment and
dies prior to his or her designated Termination Date, any amounts that would have been paid to the Employee under the Plan will
be paid to the appointed administrator, executor or personal representative of the Participant s estate (based on the Company s
receipt of a death certificate and letters testamentary, as applicable) as soon as practicable following the effective date of
an Agreement and General Release timely executed by the appropriate person. 

 In addition, with respect to an Employee
who is on disability or medical leave of absence and would have incurred an Eligible Termination of Employment but for such leave,
such person shall become a Participant on (and the Employee s Termination Date shall be deemed to be) the date on which
the Employee is medically cleared to return to employment (based on such evidence that the Plan Administrator requests, in its
discretion), provided that the Employee actually presents himself or herself to the Company for work within 10 calendar days of
such clearance date (and satisfies all of the other requirements in this Article III). 

  ARTICLE IV  
BENEFITS PAYABLE FROM THE PLAN 

 Participants shall be entitled to the
following Severance Pay and other benefits under either Section A or B below (without duplication), depending on the category
of their Eligible Termination of Employment: 

A.   Eligible
                                         Termination of Employment (other than a Change of Control Termination)   

 A Participant who incurs an Eligible
Termination of Employment (other than a Change of Control Termination) shall be entitled to receive the following: 

 1.                  
   Base Severance  . 

 Base Severance in an amount determined
under the following chart, provided, however, that the maximum Base Severance under the Plan will be 52 Weeks of Base Pay: 

7  

2.                  
   Severance Bonus  . 

 Severance Bonus (if applicable) in an
amount determined as follows: 

(a)   Level
                                         1 Employees .   

 For Level 1 Employees, the Company
will pay the Participant an amount equal to his or her Level 1 Applicable Amount (as defined below), multiplied by a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of months employed (with a partial month deemed to be a full month for this purpose) during
the period beginning on the later of (i) January 1st of the year in which the Participant s Notice Date occurs and (ii)
the Participant s most recent date of hire with the Company, and ending on his or her Termination Date, and the denominator
of which is 12. For purposes of the prior sentence, the Level 1 Applicable Amount shall be equal to, (i) if the Participant was
eligible for an STI for the year immediately preceding his or her Notice Date, the STI granted to such Participant for such preceding
year, if any, (or the most recent STI guarantee, if applicable), and (ii) if the Participant was not eligible for an STI for the
year immediately preceding his or her Notice Date, the most recent STI guarantee or estimate/target, if applicable. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Level 1 Participant s Notice Date is on or after January 1 of a year, but prior to the time that the STI, if
any, is paid for the year preceding such Notice Date, the Participant will no longer be eligible for an STI for such preceding
year. Instead, the numerator described above under this subparagraph (a) above shall be increased by the number of months the
Participant was employed in the year preceding such Notice Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall not in any way
be interpreted to provide any entitlement to any Employee with respect to the payment of an STI for the year preceding the Notice
Date or otherwise. 

(b)   Level
                                         2 Employees .   

 Level 2 Employees are not eligible
for a Severance Bonus under the Plan. 

 3.                  
   Benefits Payment  . 

 Following his or her Termination Date,
a Participant (and his or her eligible dependents) may be eligible to elect to continue medical, vision, prescription drug and
dental coverage under the Company-sponsored health coverage plans on a self-pay basis in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ( COBRA ). If a Participant is so eligible for COBRA coverage for himself
or herself and/or his or her eligible 

8  

dependents, the Company will pay the Participant an amount
equal to the subsidy the Company would have provided towards the cost of the Participant s medical, vision, prescription
drug and/or dental coverage (as applicable) in effect immediately prior to the Participant s Notice Date had the Participant
remained employed with the Company for the Severance Period and continued such coverage for such period. 

 For example, if the Participant is entitled
to 4 Weeks of Base Pay as Base Severance and is eligible for COBRA, he or she will be eligible for a payment equal to 4 weeks
of the COBRA subsidy amount (determined based on the coverage in effect as of the Notice Date). Any payment under this paragraph
will include an additional gross up payment meant to reasonably cover applicable federal and state income taxes applicable to
the COBRA subsidy amount, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company. 

 All provisions of the Participant s
(and his or her covered eligible dependents ) COBRA coverage will be in accordance with the applicable plan in effect for
similarly situated active employees of the Company (including any applicable co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles and other
out-of-pocket expenses). 

 4.                  
   Outplacement Benefits  . 

 Participants may be entitled to certain
outplacement services as determined by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion. If a Participant is offered outplacement
services, the Company will make arrangements for the provision of such services at an outplacement provider of the Company s
choice, provided, however, that such outplacement services will cease if a Participant obtains subsequent employment. 

B.    Change
                                         of Control Termination    

 A Level 1 Employee who incurs a Change
of Control Termination shall be entitled to receive the following, in lieu of the benefits provided under Section A above: 

 1.                  
  EMC Members . 

 An EMC Member who incurs a Change of
Control Termination shall be entitled to receive Base Severance in an amount equal to two times the sum of (i) his or her annual
Base Pay, plus (ii) the average of the highest two out of the last three years  STI awards, or the simple average if the
period is less than three years (or, if the Participant was not eligible for an STI during such period, the current year STI guarantee
or estimate/target, if applicable). In addition, the EMC Member shall receive (i) a Severance Bonus, as determined above, but,
in the case of a Participant who was eligible for an STI award for at least the last two performance years, based on the average
of the highest two out of the last three years  STI awards, (ii) a Benefits Payment, as determined above, but for a maximum
of 24 months (notwithstanding any statutory limitations on the length of COBRA coverage), and (iii) outplacement benefits, as
determined above. 

 2.                  
  Grade 420  

 A grade 420 Employee (and any other
key Employee designated by the CEO of CIT and approved by the Committee) who incurs a Change of Control Termination shall be entitled
to 

9  

receive Base Severance in an amount equal to the sum of
(i) his or her annual Base Pay, plus (ii) the average of the highest two out of the last three years  STI awards, or the
simple average if the period is less than three years (or, if the Participant was not eligible for an STI during such period,
the current year STI guarantee or estimate/target, if applicable). In addition, the Participant shall receive (i) a Severance
Bonus, as determined above, but, in the case of a Participant who was eligible for an STI award for at least the last two performance
years, based on the average of the highest two out of the last three years  STI awards, and (ii) a Benefits Payment as determined
above, but for a maximum of 12 months, and (iii) outplacement benefits, as determined above. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
Participant receives benefits provided under Section A after an Eligible Termination of Employment that (i) occurs within two
years prior to a Change of Control, and (ii) such Eligible Termination of Employment results from actions taken pursuant to the
provisions of the agreement under which the Change of Control is effected, then such Participant will receive, on the Change of
Control date, the difference between the Severance Pay paid to the Participant under Section A above and the Severance Pay that
would be payable under this Section B as if such Eligible Termination of Employment were a Change of Control Termination. 

 *                
                 *                               
* 

 If an Employee is eligible to participate
in the Plan (whether or not the Employee elects to become a Participant), such Employee shall not be entitled to receive any other
severance, separation, notice (other than notice required under the Plan) or termination payments or other remuneration on account
of his or her employment or termination of employment with the Company (or any Affiliate) under any other plan, policy, program
or agreement. If, for any reason, a Participant becomes entitled to or receives any other severance, separation, notice or termination
payments on account of his or her employment or termination of employment with the Company (or any Affiliate), including, for
example, any payments required to be paid to the Participant under any Federal, State or local law (including, without limitation,
the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or  WARN ) or pursuant to any agreement (except unemployment
benefits payable in accordance with state law and payment for accrued but unused vacation),   his or her benefits under the
Plan will be reduced by the amount of such other payments paid or payable. An Employee must notify the Plan Administrator if he
or she receives or is claiming to be entitled to receive any such payment(s). 

 Nothing herein shall preclude the Company
from providing, in its sole and absolute discretion and on a selective and non-uniform basis, any payments or benefits to any
Employee in connection with his or her termination of employment that are in addition to the payments and benefits provided for
under the Plan. 

10  

ARTICLE V  
 NOTICE OF TERMINATION 

 Each Employee who may become entitled
to Severance Pay and other benefits under the Plan in connection with an involuntary Eligible Termination of Employment shall
receive written notice of termination from the Company for a minimum period of time equal to such Participant s Notice Period,
as determined under the following chart: 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company,
in its sole discretion, may remove the Employee from the Company s payroll (and the date of such removal shall be the Participant s
Termination Date) and pay the Employee for the remaining applicable Notice Period in lieu of providing notice (or full notice)
hereunder, which amount will be equal to one Week (or partial Week) of Base Pay in effect on his or her Termination Date for each
week (or partial week) of advance notice that the Employee would otherwise have received (but did not receive). This payment in
lieu of notice is in addition to any other payments for which the Employee is eligible under the Plan and shall be paid at the
same time as Severance Pay is paid to such Participant. Any notice (or pay in lieu of notice) to which an Employee is entitled
to receive is inclusive of, and not in addition to, and shall run concurrently with, any advance notice of an involuntary termination
of employment that the Company is obligated to give the Employee under applicable federal, state or local law, including, without
limitation, WARN and/or under any applicable garden leave or similar policy of the Company. 

  ARTICLE VI  
HOW AND WHEN SEVERANCE BENEFITS WILL BE PAID 

 Except as provided in the following
paragraph or otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, any amounts due to a Participant will be paid in a single lump sum 60
days following the Participant s Termination Date. 

 Notwithstanding anything in this Plan
to the contrary, if the aggregate of all amounts payable to a Participant under the Plan (when combined with similar amounts payable
to the Participant under any other agreements, methods, programs, or other arrangements with respect to which deferrals of compensation
are treated with the Plan as having been deferred under a single nonqualified deferred compensation plan under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(c)(2)) exceeds the lesser of two times (i) the Participant s annual rate of pay for the year prior to the
year of his or her Termination Date or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into 

11  

account under a qualified pension plan pursuant to Section
401(a)(17) of the Code for the year of his or her Termination Date, such amount that exceeds the above limit shall be paid to
the Participant on the 30 th  day following the six month anniversary of the Participant s Termination Date or,
if earlier, the Participant s death. 

 If a Participant receives Severance
Pay and is re-hired by the Company or any Affiliate   before his or her Severance Period expires, then the Participant must
repay to the Company an amount equal to the sum of a Week of Base Pay for such Participant and the applicable COBRA premium subsidy
amount used to determine his or her Benefits Payment (determined on a weekly basis), multiplied by the difference between the
number of weeks of Base Severance paid to the Participant and the actual number of weeks between the Participant s Termination
Date and the date on which the Participant is rehired. 

 All amounts payable under the Plan are
subject to Federal, state and local income and Social Security tax withholdings and any other withholdings mandated by law. 

 In the event that a Participant dies
before receiving the payments due to the Participant under the Plan, any remaining amounts will be paid to the appointed administrator,
executor or personal representative of the Participant s estate as soon as administratively possible following the Participant s
death. 

  ARTICLE VII  
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

 1.                  
  Amendment and Termination . The Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to terminate, modify
and amend the Plan in whole or in part, at any time, for any reason, with or without advance notice; provided, however, that,
unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulation, no termination, modification or amendment: (i) may adversely affect
the rights of a Participant whose Agreement and General Release has become effective, or (ii) shall be made within two years after
a Change of Control or prior to a Change of Control while an agreement is in effect under which the Change of Control is to be
effected, if such termination, modification or amendment would adversely affect the rights of Employees under the Plan. No individual
may become entitled to additional benefits or other rights under the Plan after the Plan is terminated. 

 2.                  
  No Additional Rights Created . Neither the establishment of this Plan, nor any modification thereof, nor the payment
of any benefits hereunder, shall be construed as giving to any Participant, Employee or other person any legal or equitable right
against the Company or any officer, director or employee thereof; and in no event shall the terms and conditions of employment
by the Company of any Employee be modified or in any way affected by this Plan. 

 3.                  
  Records . The records of the Company with respect to Continuous Service; employment history; STI awards, estimates
or guarantees; Base Pay; absences; employee benefits; and all other relevant matters shall be conclusive for all purposes of this
Plan. 

 4.                  
  Construction . The respective terms and provisions of the Plan shall be construed, whenever possible, to be in conformity
with the requirements of ERISA, or any subsequent laws or amendments thereto. To the extent not in conflict with the preceding
sentence or another 

12  

provision in the Plan, the construction and administration
of the Plan shall be in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed within
the State of New York (without reference to its conflicts of law provisions). 

 5.                  
  Severability . Should any provisions of the Plan be deemed or held to be unlawful or invalid for any reason, such
fact shall not adversely affect the other provisions of the Plan unless such determination shall render impossible or impracticable
the functioning of the Plan, and in such case, an appropriate provision or provisions shall be adopted so that the Plan may continue
to function properly. 

 6.                  
  Incompetency . In the event that the Plan Administrator finds that a Participant is unable to care for his or her
affairs because of illness or accident, then benefits payable hereunder, unless claim has been made therefor by a duly appointed
guardian, committee, or other legal representative, may be paid in such manner as the Plan Administrator shall determine, and
the application thereof shall be a complete discharge of all liability for any payments or benefits to which such Participant
was or would have been otherwise entitled under this Plan. 

 7.                  
  Plan Not a Contract of Employment . Nothing contained in this Plan shall be held or construed to create any liability
upon the Company to retain any Employee in its service. All Employees shall remain subject to discharge or discipline to the same
extent as if the Plan had not been put into effect. 

 8.                  
  Financing . The benefits payable under this Plan shall be paid out of the general assets of the Company. No Participant
or any other person shall have any interest whatsoever in any specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any person acquires
a right to receive payments under this Plan, such right shall not be secured by any assets of the Company. 

 9.                  
 Successors; Binding Obligation. 

 (a)                
 This Plan shall not be terminated by any merger or consolidation of CIT whereby CIT is or is not the surviving or resulting
corporation or as a result of any transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of CIT or a purchase of the securities of
CIT. In the event of any such merger, consolidation, transfer of assets or purchase, the provisions of this Plan shall be binding
upon the surviving or resulting corporation or the person or entity to which such assets are transferred. 

 (b)               
 The Company agrees that concurrently with any merger, consolidation, transfer of assets or purchase of the securities of
CIT referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 9, it will cause any successor or transferee unconditionally to assume all of
the obligations of the Company hereunder. 

 10.              
  Nontransferability . In no event shall the Company make any payment under this Plan to any assignee or creditor of
a Participant, except as otherwise required by law. Prior to the time of a payment hereunder, a Participant shall have no rights
by way of anticipation or otherwise to assign or otherwise dispose of any interest under this Plan, nor shall rights be assigned
or transferred by operation of law. 

13  

ARTICLE VIII  
 WHAT ELSE A PARTICIPANT NEEDS TO
KNOW ABOUT THE PLAN 

 1.                  
  Claims Procedure . Participants will receive the benefits to which they are entitled under the Plan. If an Employee
or former Employee ( claimant ) feels he or she has not been provided with all benefits to which he or she is entitled
under the Plan, the claimant may file a written claim with the Claims Reviewer with respect to his or her rights to receive benefits
from the Plan. This claim must be filed within one year after the claimant s termination of employment. 

 A claimant will be notified of the acceptance
or denial of his or her claim for benefits within ninety (90) days from the date the Claims Reviewer receives the application.
In some cases, a claimant s request may take more time to review and an additional processing period of up to ninety (90)
days may be required. If that happens, the claimant will receive a written notice of that fact, which will also indicate the special
circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Claims Reviewer expects that a determination will be made
with respect to the claim. If the extension is required due to the claimant s failure to submit information necessary to
decide the claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which the extension notice is sent to
the claimant until the date on which the claimant responds to the Plan s request for information. 

 If a claimant s claim is denied
in whole or in part, or any adverse benefit determination is made with respect to a claimant s claim, he or she will be
provided with a written notice setting forth the reason for the determination, along with specific references to Plan provisions
on which the determination is based. This notice also will explain what additional information is needed to evaluate the claim
(and why such information is necessary), together with an explanation of the Plan s claims review procedure and the time
limits applicable to such procedure, as well as a statement of the claimant s right to request arbitration as set forth
below (in lieu of bringing a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA) following an adverse benefit determination on review.
If a claimant is not notified (of the denial or an extension) within ninety (90) days from the date the claimant notifies the
Claims Reviewer, the claimant may request a review of his or her application as if the claimant s claim had been denied. 

 If a claimant s claim has been
denied, the claimant may request that the Claims Administrator review the denial, by filing a request with the Plan Administrator.
The request must be in writing and must be made within sixty (60) days after written notification of denial. In connection with
this request, the claimant (or his or her duly authorized representative) may (i) be provided, upon written request and free of
charge, with reasonable access to (and copies of) all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim; and (ii)
submit to the Plan Administrator (for forwarding to the Claims Administrator) written comments, documents, records, and other
information related to the claim. 

 The review by the Claims Administrator
will take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information the claimant submits relating to the claim. The
Claims Administrator will make a final written decision on a claim review, in most cases within sixty (60) days after receipt
of a request for a review. In some cases, the claim may take more time to review, and an additional processing period of up to
sixty (60) days may be required. If that 

14  

happens, the claimant will receive a written notice of that
fact, which will also indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Claims Administrator
expects to make a determination with respect to the claim. If the extension is required due to the claimant s failure to
submit information necessary to decide the claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which
the extension notice is sent to the claimant until the date on which the claimant responds to the Plan s request for information. 

 The Claims Administrator s decision
on a claimant s claim for review will be communicated to the claimant in writing. If an adverse benefit determination is
made with respect to a claimant s claim, the notice will include (i) the specific reason(s) for any adverse benefit determination,
with references to the specific Plan provisions on which the determination is based; (ii) a statement that the claimant is entitled
to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to (and copies of) all documents, records and other information
relevant to the claim; and (iii) a statement of the claimant s right to request arbitration as set forth below, in lieu
of bringing a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

 The decision of the Claims Administrator
(or its designee) is final and binding on all parties. 

 These procedures must be exhausted before
a claimant may request arbitration as set forth below regarding payment of benefits under the Plan. A claimant may not request
arbitration regarding payment of benefits more than one year after the claimant receives written notice of the decision on the
claimant s claim for review. 

 2.                  
  Mandatory Arbitration  

 In lieu of a claimant s right
to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA, any and all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating
to this Plan or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including any and all claims arising
under ERISA, and including the determination of the scope or applicability of this requirement to arbitrate, shall be determined
by final and binding arbitration in the State of New York before one arbitrator. 

 Any claim must be brought in the respective
party s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative,
multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding ( Class Action ). The claimant expressly waives any ability to maintain
any Class Action in any forum. The arbitrator shall not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class
Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. 

 The arbitrator must possess a juris
doctorate degree and have significant experience in employment law. 

 The arbitration shall be administered
by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures in those
Rules (as they exist on the Effective Date). The claimant and the Company adopt and agree to implement the 

15  

JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure (as it exists
on the Effective Date) with respect to any final award in an arbitration arising out of or related to the Plan. 

 The arbitration will be governed by
the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Secs. 1-16), ERISA, and, to the extent ERISA does not apply, the laws of the State of New
York exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules. 

 The parties shall maintain the confidential
nature of the arbitration proceeding, hearing and award, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the hearing on the
merits, or except as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy, a judicial challenge to
an award or its enforcement, or unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation, subpoena, court order, administrative
ruling, or judicial decision, or to enforce the terms of the award. The parties may disclose the existence, terms, and conditions
of the arbitration proceeding, hearing and award, but only as necessary, to their legal advisors, accountants, auditors, regulators,
experts, or other advisors, provided that the claimant or the Company makes the person to whom disclosure is made aware of the
confidential nature of the arbitration proceeding, hearing and award, and such person agrees to maintain such confidentiality. 

 In any arbitration arising out of or
related to this Plan, the arbitrator is not empowered to award punitive, compensatory, consequential, extracontractual or exemplary
damages. 

 The arbitration award shall be accompanied
by a statement of reasons. 

 The determination of the arbitrator
shall be conclusive and binding on the parties, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This
clause shall not preclude the claimant or the Company from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of
appropriate jurisdiction. 

 3.                  
  Plan Interpretation and Benefit Determination . 

 A.                  
 The Plan Administrator, the Claims Reviewer (with respect to initial claims determinations) and the Claims Administrator
(with respect to claims appeals determinations) (or, where applicable, any duly authorized delegee of either) shall have the exclusive
right, power, and authority, in their sole and absolute discretion, to administer, apply and interpret the Plan and any other
documents and to decide all factual and legal matters arising in connection with the operation or administration of the Plan. 

 B.                  
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the Plan Administrator, the Claims Reviewer (with respect to
initial claims determinations) and the Claims Administrator (with respect to claims appeals determinations) (or, where applicable,
any duly authorized delegee of either) shall have the sole and absolute discretionary authority to: 

 1.                  
 take all actions and make all decisions (including factual decisions) with respect to the eligibility for, and the amount
of, benefits payable under the Plan; 

 2.                  
 formulate, interpret and apply rules, regulations and policies necessary to administer the Plan; 

16  

3.                  
 decide all questions relating to the calculation and payment of benefits, and all other determinations made, under the
Plan; 

 4.                  
 resolve and/or clarify any factual or other ambiguities, inconsistencies and omissions arising under the Plan or other
Plan documents; and 

 5.                  
 process, and approve or deny, benefit claims and rule on any benefit exclusions. 

 All interpretations and determinations
made by the Plan Administrator or the Claims Administrator (with respect to decisions relating to denied claims for benefits)
(or, where applicable, any duly authorized delegee of either) under the Plan shall be final and binding on the Employee, Participant,
beneficiary, and all other parties affected thereby. 

 4.                  
  Miscellaneous . 

 The Plan Administrator keeps records
of the Plan and is responsible for the administration of the Plan. The Plan Administrator will also answer any questions a Participant
may have about the Plan. 

 Service of legal process may be made
upon the Plan Administrator. 

 To the fullest extent applicable, severance
and other benefits payable under the Plan are intended to be exempt from the definition of  nonqualified deferred compensation 
under Code Section 409A in accordance with one or more of the exemptions available under the final Treasury regulations promulgated
under Code Section 409A and, to the extent that any such amount or benefit is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A due to a
failure to qualify for an exemption from the definition of nonqualified deferred compensation in accordance with such final Treasury
regulations, the Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A with respect to such amounts
or benefits. The Plan shall be interpreted and administered to the extent possible in a manner consistent with the foregoing statement
of intent.  An Eligible Termination of Employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for
purposes of any provision of this Plan providing for payment of amounts that constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation 
unless or until such Eligible Termination of Employment is also a  separation from service  from the Company within
the meaning of Code Section 409A.  Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, whenever a payment under
the Plan may be paid within a specified period or on a specified date, the actual date of payment within the specified period
or based on such date shall be within the Company s sole discretion, so long as the payment is made within a period permitted
under Code Section 409A (as determined by the Company). Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to contrary, the Company
shall not be liable for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on a Participant (or other person) under Code Section
409A. 

17  

Appendix A  
 List of Affiliates Excluded from Company  

C2 Aviation Capital, Inc. (and its subsidiaries) 1  

1   Employees of C2 Aviation Capital, Inc. (and/or its
subsidiaries) are  not eligible for benefits under the Plan (as amended and restated in this
document), but remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Prior Plan.  

</EX-10.40>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 e71795ex12-1.htm
 RATIO OF EARNINGS

EXHIBIT 12.1 

CIT Group Inc. and Subsidiaries Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges  (dollars in
millions)   

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e71795ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Ellen R. Alemany, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CIT Group Inc.; 
 
   2.  Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
   3.  Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
   4.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
   (b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
   (c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 
 
   (d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
   5.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a)  all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
   (b)  any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 
 
   Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Ellen R. Alemany 

Ellen R. Alemany  Chairwoman and  Chief Executive Officer  CIT Group Inc.  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e71795ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, E. Carol Hayles, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CIT Group Inc.; 
 
   2.  Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
   3.  Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
   4.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
   (b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
   (c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 
 
   (d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
   5.  The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a)  all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
   (b)  any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 
 
   Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ E. Carol Hayles 

E.
Carol Hayles  Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer  CIT Group Inc.  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e71795ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of CIT Group Inc. ( CIT ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ellen R. Alemany, the Chief Executive Officer of CIT, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(i)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
   (ii)  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
CIT. 
 
   Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Ellen R. Alemany 

Ellen R. Alemany  Chairwoman and  Chief Executive Officer  CIT Group Inc.  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e71795ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of CIT Group Inc. ( CIT ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, E. Carol Hayles, the Chief Financial Officer of CIT, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(i)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
   (ii)  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
CIT. 
 
   Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ E. Carol Hayles 

E.
Carol Hayles  Executive Vice President and  Chief Financial Officer  CIT Group Inc.  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a
separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cit-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cit-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cit-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cit-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cit-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cit-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

