<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161118_10-Q_edgar_data_1593001_0001213900-16-018725_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1428241</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>38742</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>101502</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>358540</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>513762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>382144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018725.hdr.sgml : 20161118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161118160448
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018725
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		162007848

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018725.txt : 20161118

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_nightfoodhold.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarter ended:  September 30, 2016   

Or  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the Transition Period from ___________ to____________  

Commission
File Number:   000-55406    

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

888-888-6444    

  (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check One):  

Large
    accelerated filer   
         
      Accelerated
    filer   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No    

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
At November 15, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 28,581,932 shares of common stock.  

Table
of Contents   

PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements.  
      2   

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      3   

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      5   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures.  
      5   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings.  
      7   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors.  
      7   

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
      7   

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.  
      7   

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures.  
      7   

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information.  
      7   

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits.  
      7   

Signatures  
      8   

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.   

Financial
Statements   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Item
1. Financial Statements    

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.   

   UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.   

   UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NightFood
Holdings, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

1.   
       Description
    of Business   
      NightFood
    Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16, 2013 to acquire all of the issued
    and outstanding shares of NightFood, Inc., a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder, Sean Folkson. All of its operations
    are conducted by the subsidiary, NightFood, Inc. The Company s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack
    products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better, healthier,
    more sleep friendly way.   

The
    Company s fiscal year end is June 30.   

The
    Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown, New York.    

2.   
        Summary
                                         of Significant Accounting Policies   
               
           Interim
        Financial Statements    
         
       Management
                                         is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company s financial statements,
                                         prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  
             
          These
        unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three (3) months ended September 30, 2016 and
        2015, respectively, reflect all adjustments including normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of management,
        are necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented
        in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
             
          These
        interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated
        financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which are included in
        the Company s June 30, 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
        on September 28, 2016. The Company assumes that the users of the interim financial information herein have read, or have
        access to, the audited consolidated financial statements for the preceding period, and that the adequacy of additional
        disclosure needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. The results of operations for the three (3)
        months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year ending June 30, 2017.    

Use
    of Estimates   
         
      The
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
    period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization,
    the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock, and the website, income taxes and contingencies, among others.   

Cash
    and Cash   
      Equivalents   
         
      The
    Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments
    with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.   

Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments   
         
      Statement
    of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires that the
    Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial
    position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.   

Inventories   
         
      Inventories
    consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market, including provisions for
    spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period
    spoilage is incurred. The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.    

Advertising
    Costs   
         
      Advertising
    costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of
    operations. Although not traditionally thought of by many as  advertising costs , the Company includes expenses
    related to graphic design work, package design, website design, domain names, and product samples in the category of  advertising
    costs . The Company incurred advertising costs of $619 and $52,862 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
    2015, respectively.   

Income
    Taxes   
         
      The
    Company has not generated any taxable income, and, therefore, no provision for income taxes has been provided.   

Deferred
    income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and
    those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes , which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.   

A
    valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely
    than not that the assets will be utilized.   

The
    Company s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent
    and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.   

Revenue
    Recognition   
         
      The
    Company generates its revenue by selling its nighttime snack products wholesale and direct to consumer.   

All
    sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition, when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists,
    delivery of services has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.    

The
    Company offers sales incentives through various programs, consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company
    records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange
    for credits claimed by the customer.    

Concentration
    of   
      Credit Risk   
         
      Financial
    instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at
    financial institutions. At various times during the year, the Company may exceed the federally insured limits. To mitigate
    this risk, the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions. Management believes the risk of
    loss is minimal. At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.   

Customer
    Concentration   
         
      During
    the three months ended September 30, 2016, two customers, accounted for approximately 67% of revenues.    

Income
    Per Share   
         
      Net
    income per share data for both the three month periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 are based on net income available
    to common shareholders divided by the weighted average of the number of common shares outstanding. As of September 30, 2016,
    there are no outstanding common stock equivalents.   

Impairment
    of   
      Long-lived Assets   
         
      The
    Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of FASB Topic 360, Accounting for the Impairment
    of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for
    impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
    Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net
    cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized
    is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
    of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are determined based on
    quoted market value, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable.   

Recent
    Accounting Pronouncements   
         
      All
    new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective or adopted have been deemed not to be relevant to us, hence are
    not expected to have any impact once adopted.   

3.   
       Going
    Concern   
         
      The
    Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Because the business is new and has limited operating
    history and relatively few sales, no certainty of continuation can be stated.   

Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.   

4.   
       Accounts
    receivable   
         
      The
    Company s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company s snack products. On a periodic basis,
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable, history of past write-offs,
    collections, and current credit conditions, writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution
    partners, invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the
    Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account
    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has also provided certain
    sales allowances of $0 and $22,363 as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.   

Inventories
    are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
    or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs
    and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.    

8.   
       Short
    and long term Borrowings   
         
      On
    November 24, 2010, the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is
    personally guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, which is further guaranteed for 90% by the United States
    Small Business Administration (SBA).   

The
    term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and carried an 8.25% interest rate, through First Quarter of our 2017
    fiscal year. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.   

10.   
       Advances
    by Affiliates   
         
      The
    Company received cash from Mr. Folkson, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and related party, of which $0 and $1,000
    was outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, to supplement the Company s working capital.
    Additionally, one of the Company s shareholders also loaned funds to the Company of $2,000 during the three month period
    ended September 30, 2016   

11.   
       Subsequent Events   
         
      Between October
    1, 2016 and November 18, 2016, shareholder Lawrence Levy loaned and advanced the company a total of approximately $9,344   

On November 8, 2016,
    the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with ABL Media Group with compensation of 200,000 shares of restricted common
    stock, and warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.25 per share. The warrants
    expire six months from the date the contract was executed.   

On October 18, 2016,
    the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with AJO Capital, Inc. with compensation of 200,000 shares of restricted common
    stock, and warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.25 per share. The warrants
    expire six months from the date the contract was executed.   

On October 7, 2016, the Company entered into
    a revised Consulting Agreement with A.S. Austin Company with compensation consisting of warrants to purchase up to 300,000
    shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.75 per share. The warrants expire five years from the date the contract
    was executed.   

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENT INFORMATION   

Certain
statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts, and use words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   forecast,   may,   should,   plan,   project, 
 will  and other words of similar meaning. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions, technological developments related to
business support services and outsourced business processes, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.  

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will
prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly
in view of the current state of our operations, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us
or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the factors set forth under
the headings  Business  and  Risk Factors  within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2016, as well as the other information set forth herein.  

OVERVIEW   

We
are a snack development, marketing and distribution company relying on our unique products, unique product positioning, and our
marketing expertise to develop and market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking. Our first product
is the NightFood nutrition bar, currently available in two flavors (Cookies n  Dreams, and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).  

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS   

Longer-term,
assuming that we have established sufficient traction with our initial product, the NightFood nutrition bar, the company intends
to evaluate opportunities to introduce other nighttime specific snack products in the snack formats already popular with consumers
such as cookies, chips, and ice cream.  

We
believe the nutritional profile of any popular snack food can be evaluated and formulated for what we call  sleep-friendliness ,
and therefore optimized as a better nighttime snack option.  

The
Company is also evaluating opportunities to acquire other companies in related spaces.  

INFLATION   

Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However, the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.  

SEASONALITY   

We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree .   

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2015.   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had revenues of $ 2,464 and $21,493 respectively and incurred a net loss of $74,166
and $136,446 respectively. These losses were largely attributable to consulting fees and expenses related to being a public company.  

Revenue   

Our
net revenues for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 were $2,464 net of sales allowances and sales discounts compared
to $21,493 for the three month period ended September 30, 2015. We received no major purchase orders during this quarter.  

Inventory   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $112,801 worth of product and packaging in inventory, compared to $121,706 worth of
product in inventory as of June 30, 2016.  

Operating
Expenses   

Operating
expenses decreased by $86,296 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, from $157,626 for the three month period ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in paid advertising and other operating expenses related to
direct to consumer sales of our product, as well as a decrease in expenses for public relations and graphic design.  

Customers   

For
the three month period ending September 30, 2016, the majority of revenues resulted from wholesale sales of NightFood to distributors
and retailers, as well as direct to consumer sales.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash on hand of $384, and inventory value of $112,801.  

The
Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working
capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock to finance the Company s
operations, of which it can give no assurance of success. However, we believe that our current capitalization structure, combined
with the continued expansion in distribution, will enable us to achieve successful financings to continue our growth. Because
the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales, no certainty of continuation can be stated. Management
is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the
next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity
financing. However, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional funds through
debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary funding or generate
revenue necessary to fund operations.  

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds, the Company cannot give any assurance that it will, in the future, be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Since
our inception, we have sustained operating losses. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of
$74,166 compared to $136,446 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was $5,003 compared to $68,015 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, net cash aggregating ($94) was provided by financing activities.  

From
our inception in January 2010 through September 30, 2016, we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $2,539,971.
Assuming we raise additional funds and continue operations, we expect to incur additional operating losses during the remainder
of fiscal 2016 and possibly thereafter. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance
our operations, as we have in the past, primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until
such time that we are able to generate sufficient funds from the sale of our products to finance our operations, of which we can
give no assurance.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. On an on-going basis,
we evaluate past judgments and our estimates, including those related to allowance for doubtful, allowance for inventory write-downs
and write offs, deferred income taxes, provision for contractual obligations and our ability to continue as a going concern. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015,
describe the significant accounting estimates and policies used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. There
were no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

OFF
BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

None.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

No
report required.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Disclosure and control procedures are also designed to ensure that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2016. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that there are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and
procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their desired control objectives. Additionally, in evaluating and
implementing possible controls and procedures, management is required to apply its reasonable judgment. Based on the evaluation
described above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report because we did not document our Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section
404 internal controls and procedures.  

As
funds become available to us, we expect to implement additional measures to improve disclosure controls and procedures such as
implementing and documenting our internal controls procedures.  

Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting   

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls   

A
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be met. The Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and its Principal
Financial Officer, do not expect that the Company s disclosure controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

We
are not engaged in any litigation at the present time, and management is unaware of any claims or complaints that could result
in future litigation. Management will seek to minimize disputes with its customers but recognizes the inevitability of legal action
in today s business environment as an unfortunate price of conducting business.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS.   

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS.   

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

NightFood
    Holdings, Inc.    

Dated:
    November 18, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sean Folkson   

Sean
    Folkson,   
     Chief Executive Officer  
     (Principal Executive, Financial and  
     Accounting Officer)   

8  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_nightfoodhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Sean Folkson, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q of NightFood Holdings, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in
this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

November 18, 2016 
     
         By:  /s/ Sean Folkson  
         Sean Folkson 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive, Financial and
        Accounting         Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q0916ex32i_nightfoodhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of NightFood Holdings, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, I, Sean Folkson, Chief Executive Officer
of NightFood Holdings, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.       Such
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.       The
information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NightFood Holdings, Inc. 

November 18, 2016 
     By:  /s/ Sean Folkson ,  

Sean Folkson 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
        Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 ngtf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ngtf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ngtf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ngtf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ngtf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ngtf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

