<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1174850_0001571049-16-019496_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11797957</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159114</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>473323</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3364800</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5529737</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2014035</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019496.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104145636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NICOLET BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37700
		FILM NUMBER:		161974838

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 N WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		920 430 1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 N WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019496.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 t1600692_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

x    QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d)  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from    to       

Commission file number 001-37700 

   NICOLET
BANKSHARES, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

WISCONSIN   
       
       47-0871001    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

111 North Washington Street  

  Green Bay, Wisconsin 54301  

  (920) 430-1400  

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of 
Registrant s principal executive offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer    
    Accelerated filer  x  
Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting
company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of October 31, 2016 there were 8,547,004 shares of
$0.01 par value common stock outstanding. 

Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
     PAGE  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Income 
Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
     5  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity 
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) 
     6  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 
     7  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
     8-30  

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     31-55  

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     55  

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     56  

PART II 
     OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     57  

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     57  

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     57  

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     57  

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     57  

Item 5. 
     Other Information 
     57  

Item 6. 
     Exhibits 
     58  

Signatures 
     58-62  

2   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS:  

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In thousands, except share and per share data)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements Continued : 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Income  

  (In thousands, except share and per share
data) (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements Continued : 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

  (In thousands) (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements Continued:  

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders 
Equity  

  (In thousands) (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

6   

ITEM 1. Financial Statements Continued:  

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (In thousands) (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7   

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

Note 1   Basis of Presentation  

General  

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the  Company )
and its subsidiaries, consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity
and cash flows for the periods presented, and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. All material intercompany
transactions and balances are eliminated. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for the entire year. 

These interim consolidated financial statements
have been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and, therefore, certain information
and footnote disclosures normally presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ) have been omitted or abbreviated. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying disclosures. These estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events
and actions the Company may undertake in the future. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other items, the allowance for
loan losses, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, fair value of financial instruments, deferred tax assets, uncertain
income tax positions and contingencies. Estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change for the Company include
the determination of the allowance for loan losses, the assessment of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the valuation of
loans acquired in acquisitions; therefore, these are critical accounting policies. Factors that may cause sensitivity to the aforementioned
estimates include but are not limited to: external market factors such as market interest rates and employment rates, changes to
operating policies and procedures, changes in applicable banking regulations, and changes to deferred tax estimates. Actual results
may ultimately differ from estimates, although management does not generally believe such differences would materially affect the
consolidated financial statements in any individual reporting period presented. 

There have been no material changes or
developments with respect to the assumptions or methodologies that the Company uses when applying what management believes are
critical accounting policies and developing critical accounting estimates as disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Recent Accounting Developments Adopted  

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its consolidated financial statements or results of operations. 

Operating Segment  

While the chief decision makers monitor
the revenue streams of the various products and services, and evaluate costs, balance sheet positions and quality, all such products,
services and activities are directly or indirectly related to the business of community banking, with no regular, formal or material
segment delineations. Operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a company-wide basis, and accordingly, all
the financial service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. 

Reclassifications  

Certain amounts in the 2015 consolidated
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

8   

Note 2   Acquisitions  

On April 29, 2016, the Company consummated
its merger with Baylake Corp. ( Baylake ), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the Company
and Baylake dated September 8, 2015, (the  Merger Agreement ), whereby Baylake was merged with and into the Company,
and Baylake Bank, Baylake s wholly owned commercial bank subsidiary serving northeastern Wisconsin, was merged with and into
Nicolet National Bank. The system integration was completed, and 21 branches of Baylake opened, on May 2, 2016, as Nicolet National
Bank branches, expanding its presence into Door, Kewaunee, and Manitowoc Counties, Wisconsin. Concurrently, Nicolet closed one
of its Brown County locations, bringing the Bank s footprint to 42 branches as of September 30, 2016. 

The purpose of the merger was for strategic reasons beneficial
to the Company. The acquisition is consistent with its plan to drive growth and efficiency through increased scale, leverage the
strengths of each bank across the combined customer base, enhance profitability, and add liquidity and shareholder value. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
Baylake shareholders received 0.4517 shares of the Company s common stock for each outstanding share of Baylake common stock
(except for Baylake shares pre-owned by the Company at the time of the merger), and cash in lieu of any fractional share. Pre-existing
Baylake equity awards (restricted stock units and stock options) immediately vested upon consummation of the merger. The Company
issued 0.4517 shares of its common stock for each vesting Baylake restricted stock unit, and Nicolet assumed, after appropriate
adjustment by the 0.4517 exchange ratio, all pre-existing Baylake stock options. As a result, the Company issued 4,344,243 shares
of the Company s common stock, for common stock consideration of $163.3 million (based on $37.58 per share, the volume weighted
average closing price of the Company s common stock over the preceding 20 trading day period, and recorded an additional
$1.2 million consideration for the assumed stock options. Approximately $0.3 million in direct stock issuance costs for the merger
were incurred and charged against additional paid in capital, bringing the total purchase price to $164.2 million. 

The Company accounted for the transaction
under the acquisition method of accounting, and thus, the financial position and results of operations of Baylake prior to the
consummation date were not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accounting required assets purchased
and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company determined the fair
value of core deposit intangibles, securities, premises and equipment, loans, OREO, BOLI and other assets, deposits, debt and deferred
taxes with the assistance of third party valuations, appraisals, and third party advisors. The estimated fair values will be subject
to refinement as additional information relative to the closing date fair values becomes available through the measurement period
of approximately one year from consummation. 

The fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed on April 29, 2016 was as follows: 

9   

Note 2   Acquisitions, continued  

The following unaudited pro forma information
presents the results of operations for three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as if the acquisition had
occurred January 1 of each period. The Company expects to achieve further operating cost savings and other business synergies as
a result of the acquisition which are not reflected in the pro forma amounts. These unaudited pro forma results are presented for
illustrative purposes and are not intended to represent or be indicative of the actual results of operations of the combined company
that would have been achieved had the acquisition occurred at the beginning of each period presented, nor are they intended to
represent or be indicative of future results of operations. 

During the first quarter of 2016, Nicolet
agreed in a private transaction to hire a select group of financial advisors and purchase their respective books of business, as
well as their operating platform, to enhance the leadership and future growth of the Company s wealth management business.
The transaction was effected in phases and completed April 1, 2016. The Company paid $4.9 million total initial consideration,
including $0.8 million cash, $2.6 million of Nicolet common stock, and recorded a $1.5 million earn-out liability payable to one
principal in the future (which may require adjustment based on change in initial business purchased over a period, but not contingent
upon the principal s employment). The Company initially recorded $0.4 million of goodwill, $0.2 million of fixed assets,
and $4.3 million of customer relationship intangibles (a portion amortizing straight-line over 10 years and a portion over 15 years).
The transaction will impact the income statement primarily within brokerage income, personnel expense, and intangibles amortization. 

Note 3   Earnings per Common Share  

Basic earnings per common share are calculated
by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average
number of shares adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock awards (outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock),
if any. Presented below are the calculations for basic and diluted earnings per common share. 

*Cumulative quarterly per share performance
may not equal annual per share totals due to the effects of the amount and timing of capital increases. When computing earnings
per share for an interim period, the denominator is based on the weighted-average shares outstanding during the interim period,
and not on an annualized weighted-average basis. Accordingly, the sum of the quarters' earnings per share data will not necessarily
equal the year to date earnings per share data. 

No shares were outstanding at September
30, 2016 which were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share as anti-dilutive. Options to purchase approximately
0.2 million shares were outstanding at September 30, 2015, but were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common
share as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

10   

Note 4   Stock-based Compensation  

A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate
the fair value of stock options and the market price of the Company s stock at the date of grant is used to estimate the
value of restricted stock awards. The weighted average assumptions used in the model for valuing option grants were as follows: 

Activity in the Company s Stock Incentive
Plans is summarized in the following tables: 

*The terms of the stock option agreements
permit having a number of shares of stock withheld, the fair market value of which as of the date of exercise is sufficient to
satisfy the exercise price and/or tax withholding requirements. 

Options outstanding at September 30, 2016
are exercisable at option prices ranging from $9.19 to $38.10. There are 304,393 options outstanding in the range from $9.19 -
$20.00, 260,489 in the range from $20.01 - $25.00, 162,211 in the range from $25.01 - $30.00, and 206,873 options outstanding in
the range from $30.01 - $38.10. At September 30, 2016, the exercisable options have a weighted average remaining contractual life
of approximately 5 years and a weighted average exercise price of $19.60. 

Intrinsic value represents the amount by
which the fair market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock options. The total intrinsic value
of options exercised in the first nine months of 2016, and full year of 2015 was approximately $1.1 million and $5.2 million, respectively. 

*The terms of the restricted stock agreements
permit the surrender of shares to the Company upon vesting in order to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements at the minimum
statutory withholding rate, and accordingly 3,653 shares were surrendered during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 7,715
shares were surrendered during the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. 

11   

Note 4   Stock-based Compensation,
continued  

The Company recognized approximately $1.1
million and $0.9 million of stock-based employee compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, associated with its stock equity awards. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $4.7 million of unrecognized
compensation cost related to equity award grants. The cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting
period of approximately three years. 

Note 5   Securities Available
for Sale  

Amortized costs and fair values of securities
available for sale are summarized as follows: 

12   

Note 5   Securities Available
for Sale, continued  

The following table represents gross unrealized
losses and the related fair value of investment securities available for sale, aggregated by investment category and length of
time individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 the Company
had $0.2 million of gross unrealized losses related to 152 securities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not consider
securities with unrealized losses to be other-than-temporarily impaired as the unrealized losses in each category have occurred
as a result of changes in interest rates, market spreads and market conditions subsequent to purchase. The Company has the ability
and intent to hold its securities to maturity. There were no other-than-temporary impairments charged to earnings during the nine-month
periods ending September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

The amortized cost and fair values of securities
available for sale at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Fair
values of securities are estimated based on financial models or prices paid for the same or similar securities. It is possible
interest rates could change considerably, resulting in a material change in estimated fair value .  

Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale during
the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 were approximately $30.3 million and $13.9 million, respectively. Gross gains of approximately
$0.1 million and $0.6 million were realized during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gross losses of approximately
$13,000 were realized on sales of securities during the first nine months of 2016. No losses were realized on sales of securities
during the first nine months of 2015. 

13   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality  

The loan composition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 is summarized as follows. 

14   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

Practically all of the Company s
loans, commitments, financial letters of credit and standby letters of credit have been granted to customers in the Company s
market area. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, the credit risk in the loan portfolio is largely influenced
by general economic conditions and trends of the counties and markets in which the debtors operate, and the resulting impact on
the operations of borrowers or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. 

The allowance for loan and lease losses
( ALLL ) represents management s estimate of probable and inherent credit losses in the Company s loan
portfolio at the balance sheet date. In general, estimating the amount of the ALLL is a function of a number of factors, including
but not limited to changes in the loan portfolio, net charge-offs, trends in past due and impaired loans, and the level of potential
problem loans, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from management estimates,
additional provisions for loan losses could be required that could adversely affect our earnings or financial position in future
periods. Allocations to the ALLL may be made for specific loans but the entire ALLL is available for any loan that, in management s
judgment, should be charged-off or for which an actual loss is realized. 

The allocation methodology used by the
Company includes specific allocations for impaired loans evaluated individually for impairment based on collateral values and for
the remaining loan portfolio collectively evaluated for impairment primarily based on historical loss rates and other qualitative
factors. Loan charge-offs and recoveries are based on actual amounts charged-off or recovered by loan category. Management allocates
the ALLL by pools of risk within each loan portfolio. 

The following tables present the balance
and activity in the ALLL by portfolio segment and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio at or for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016: 

15   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for
Loan Losses, and Credit Quality, continued  

16   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

The following table presents the balance
and activity in the ALLL by portfolio segment and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio at or for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

17   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

18   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

The following table presents nonaccrual
loans by portfolio segment in total and then as a further breakdown by originated or acquired as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

19   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

The following tables present total past due loans by portfolio
segment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

A description of the loan risk categories
used by the Company follows: 

1-4 Pass: Credits exhibit adequate cash
flows, appropriate management and financial ratios within industry norms and/or are supported by sufficient collateral. Some credits
in these rating categories may require a need for monitoring but elements of concern are not severe enough to warrant an elevated
rating. 

5 Watch: Credits with this rating are adequately
secured and performing but are being monitored due to the presence of various short-term weaknesses which may include unexpected,
short-term adverse financial performance, managerial problems, potential impact of a decline in the entire industry or local economy
and delinquency issues. Loans to individuals or loans supported by guarantors with marginal net worth or collateral may be included
in this rating category. 

6 Special Mention: Credits with this rating
have potential weaknesses that, without the Company s attention and correction may result in deterioration of repayment prospects.
These assets are considered Criticized Assets. Potential weaknesses may include adverse financial trends for the borrower or industry,
repeated lack of compliance with Company requests, increasing debt to net worth, serious management conditions and decreasing cash
flow. 

7 Substandard: Assets with this rating
are characterized by the distinct possibility the Company will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected. All foreclosures,
liquidations, and non-accrual loans are considered to be categorized in this rating, regardless of collateral sufficiency. 

8 Doubtful: Assets with this rating exhibit
all the weaknesses as one rated Substandard with the added characteristic that such weaknesses make collection or liquidation in
full highly questionable. 

20   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for
Loan Losses, and Credit Quality, continued  

9 Loss: Assets in this category are considered
uncollectible. Pursuing any recovery or salvage value is impractical but does not preclude partial recovery in the future. 

The following tables present total loans
by loan grade as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Management considers a loan to be impaired
when it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest payments due in accordance with
the terms of the loan agreement. For determining the adequacy of the ALLL, management defines impaired loans as nonaccrual credit
relationships over $250,000, plus additional loans with impairment risk characteristics. At the time an individual loan goes into
nonaccrual status, however, management evaluates the loan for impairment and possible charge-off regardless of loan size. 

In determining the appropriateness of the ALLL, management includes
allocations for specifically identified impaired loans and loss factor allocations for all remaining loans, with a component primarily
based on historical loss rates and another component primarily based on other qualitative factors. Impaired loans are individually
assessed and are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent. 

Loans that are determined not to be impaired
are collectively evaluated for impairment, stratified by type and allocated loss ranges based on the Company s actual historical
loss ratios for each strata, and adjustments are also provided for certain current environmental and qualitative factors. An internal
loan review function rates loans using a grading system based on nine different categories. Loans with grades of seven or higher
( classified loans ) represent loans with a greater risk of loss and may be assigned allocations for loss based on
specific review of the weaknesses observed in the individual credits if classified as impaired. Classified loans are constantly
monitored by the loan review function to ensure early identification of any deterioration. 

21   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for
Loan Losses, and Credit Quality, continued  

The following tables present impaired loans
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As a further breakdown, impaired loans are also summarized by originated and acquired
for the periods presented. In April 2016, the Baylake merger added purchased credit impaired loans at a fair value of $20.8 million,
net of an initial $12.9 million non-accretable mark. Including these credit impaired loans acquired in the Baylake merger, total
purchased credit impaired loans acquired in aggregate were initially recorded at a fair value of $37.5 million on their respective
acquisition dates, net of an initial $25.1 million non-accretable mark and a zero accretable mark. At September 30, 2016, $20.0
million of the $37.5 million remain in impaired loans and $0.3 million of acquired loans have subsequently become impaired, bringing
acquired impaired loans to $20.3 million. 

As a further  breakdown,
impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 are summarized by originated and acquired as follows: 

Originated   September 30, 2016     
 
     (in thousands)    
     Recorded  Investment       
     Unpaid Principal  Balance       
     Related Allowance       
     Average Recorded  Investment       
     Interest Income  Recognized     
 
     Commercial   industrial*    
     $  319       
     $  319       
     $  96       
     $  464       
     $  19     
 
     Owner-occupied CRE    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     AG production    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     AG real estate    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     CRE investment    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Construction   land development    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential construction    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential first mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential junior mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Retail   Other    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
     $  319       
     $  319       
     $  96       
     $  464       
     $  19     

*One commercial   industrial loan with
a balance of $0.3 million had a specific reserve of $96,000. No other loans had a related allowance at September 30, 2016 and,
therefore, the above disclosure was not expanded to include loans with and without a related allowance. 

22   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses, and Credit
Quality, continued  

As a further  breakdown,
impaired loans as of December 31, 2015 are summarized by originated and acquired as follows: 

Originated   December 31, 2015     
 
     (in thousands)    
     Recorded  Investment       
     Unpaid Principal  Balance       
     Related Allowance       
     Average Recorded  Investment       
     Interest Income  Recognized     
 
     Commercial   industrial    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Owner-occupied CRE    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     AG production    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     AG real estate    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     CRE investment    
        387       
        387       
        -       
        387       
        29     
 
     Construction   land development    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential construction    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential first mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Residential junior mortgage    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Retail   Other    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
     $  387       
     $  387       
     $  -       
     $  387       
     $  29     

23   

Note 6   Loans, Allowance for
Loan Losses, and Credit Quality, continued  

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

At September 30, 2016, there were four
loans classified as troubled debt restructurings totaling $340,000. These four loans had a combined premodification balance of
$468,000. There were no other loans which were modified and classified as troubled debt restructurings at September 30, 2016. There
were no loans classified as troubled debt restructurings during the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted as of September
30, 2016. Loans which were considered troubled debt restructurings by Baylake prior to the acquisition are not required to be classified
as troubled debt restructurings in the Company s consolidated financial statements unless and until such loans would subsequently
meet criteria to be classified as such, since acquired loans were recorded at their estimated fair values at the time of the acquisition. 

Note 7   Goodwill and Intangible
Assets and Mortgage Servicing Rights  

The excess of the purchase price in an
acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired consists primarily of goodwill, core deposit intangibles and other identifiable
intangibles (primarily related to customer relationships acquired). Goodwill is not amortized but is instead subject to impairment
tests on at least an annual basis. Core deposit intangibles, which arise from value ascribed to the deposit base of a bank acquired,
have estimated finite lives and are amortized on an accelerated basis to expense over a 10-year period. The other intangibles,
which represent value ascribed to financial advisor books of business purchased in 2016 in a private transaction, have estimated
finite lives and are amortized on a straight-line basis to expense over their weighted average life (of approximately 12 years
for 2016). 

Management periodically reviews the carrying
value of its long-lived and intangible assets to determine if any impairment has occurred, in which case an impairment charge would
be recorded as an expense in the period of impairment, or whether changes in circumstances have occurred that would require a revision
to the remaining useful life which would impact expense prospectively. In making such determination, management evaluates whether
there are any adverse qualitative factors indicating that an impairment may exist, as well as the performance, on an undiscounted
basis, of the underlying operations or assets which give rise to the intangible. The Company s annual assessments indicated
no impairment charge on goodwill or core deposit intangible was required for 2015 or the first nine months of 2016. 

Goodwill : Goodwill was $66.7 million
at September 30, 2016 and $0.8 million at December 31, 2015. There were additions to the carrying amount of goodwill in 2016 of
$0.4 million related to the acquisition of financial advisor business and of approximately $65.5 million related to the Baylake
merger. See Note 2 for additional information on the 2016 acquisitions. 

Other intangible assets : Other intangible
assets, consisting of core deposit intangibles and other intangibles (related to the customer relationships acquired in connection
with the 2016 acquisition of financial advisor business), are amortized over their estimated finite lives. Due to the 2016 acquisitions,
there was an addition to the gross carrying amount of core deposit intangibles of $17.3 million and of other intangibles of $4.4
million. Amortization on core deposit intangibles was $1.1 million and $2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, and $0.3 million and $1.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
Amortization on other intangible assets was $0.2 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and zero in
2015. See Note 2 for additional information on the 2016 acquisitions. 

24   

Note 7   Goodwill and Intangible
Assets and Mortgage Servicing Rights, continued  

Mortgage servicing rights : The Company
may sell originated residential mortgage loans into the secondary market. If the Company retains the right to service these loans
sold, a mortgage servicing right is capitalized upon sale (recorded in mortgage income, net, in the consolidated income statements),
which represents the then-current estimated fair value of future net cash flows expected to be realized for performing the servicing
activities. Mortgage servicing rights, when purchased (as in the case of the 2016 Baylake merger), are initially recorded at their
then-estimated fair value. As the Company has not elected to subsequently measure any class of servicing assets under the fair
value measurement method, the Company follows the amortization method. Mortgage servicing rights are amortized in proportion to
and over the period of estimated net servicing income, and assessed for impairment at each reporting date, with the amortization
recorded in mortgage income, net, in the consolidated income statements. Mortgage servicing rights are carried at the lower of
the initial capitalized amount, net of accumulated amortization, or estimated fair value, and are included in other assets in the
consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company periodically evaluates its
mortgage servicing rights asset for impairment. At each reporting date, impairment is assessed based on estimated fair value using
estimated prepayment speeds of the underlying mortgage loans serviced and stratifications based on the risk characteristics of
the underlying loans serviced (predominantly loan type and note interest rate). A valuation allowance is established through a
charge to earnings (which would be included in mortgage income, net, in the consolidated income statements) to the extent the amortized
cost of the mortgage servicing rights exceeds the estimated fair value by stratification. If it is later determined that all or
a portion of the temporary impairment no longer exists for a stratification, the valuation is reduced through a recovery to earnings,
though not beyond the net amortized cost carried. An other-than-temporary impairment (i.e. recoverability is considered remote
when considering interest rates and loan payoff activity) is recognized as a write-down of the MSR asset and the related valuation
allowance (to the extent a valuation allowance is available) and then against earnings. A direct write-down permanently reduces
the carrying value of the MSR asset and valuation allowance, precluding subsequent recoveries. 

The following table shows the estimated
future amortization expense for amortizing intangible assets. The projections are based on existing asset balances, the current
interest rate environment and prepayment speeds as of the September 30, 2016. The actual amortization expense the Company recognizes
in any given period may be significantly different depending upon acquisition or sale activities, changes in interest rates, prepayment
speeds, market conditions, regulatory requirements and events or circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. 

25   

Note 8- Notes Payable  

The Company had the following long-term notes payable: 

At the completion of the construction of
the Company s headquarters building in 2005 and as part of a joint venture investment related to the building, the Company
and the other joint venture partners guaranteed a joint venture note to finance certain costs of the building. The joint venture
note was secured by the building, bore a fixed rate of 5.81% and required monthly principal and interest payments until its maturity
on June 1, 2016. In April of 2016, this note was refinanced with Nicolet National Bank and is therefore eliminated through the
consolidation process. 

The FHLB advance bears a fixed rate, requires
interest-only monthly payment, and has a maturity in February 2018. The weighted average rates of FHLB advances was 1.17% and 0.83%
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on qualifying first
mortgages, home equity loans, multi-family loans and certain farmland loans which totaled approximately $297.8 million and $154.3
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table shows the maturity
schedule of the notes payable as of September 30, 2016: 

The Company has a $10 million line of credit
with a third party bank, bearing a variable rate of interest based on one-month LIBOR plus a margin, but subject to a floor rate,
with quarterly payments of interest only. At September 30, 2016, the available line was $10 million, the rate was one-month LIBOR
plus 2.25% with a 3.25% floor. The outstanding balance was zero at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the line was not
used during 2016 or 2015. 

Note 9   Junior Subordinated Debentures  

The Company s carrying value of junior
subordinated debentures was $24.6 million at September 30, 2016 and $12.5 million at December 31, 2015. In July 2004 Nicolet Bankshares
Statutory Trust I (the  Statutory Trust ), issued $6.0 million of guaranteed preferred beneficial interests ( trust
preferred securities ) that qualify asTier 1 capital under Federal Reserve Board guidelines. All of the common securities
of the Statutory Trust are owned by the Company. The proceeds from the issuance of the common securities and the trust preferred
securities were used by the Statutory Trust to purchase $6.2 million of junior subordinated debentures of the Company, which pay
an 8% fixed rate. Interest on these debentures is current. The debentures may be redeemed in part or in full, on or after July
15, 2009 at par plus any accrued but unpaid interest. The maturity date of the debenture, if not redeemed, is July 15, 2034. 

As part of the 2013 acquisition of Mid-Wisconsin
Financial Services, Inc., the Company assumed $10.3 million of junior subordinated debentures related to $10.0 million of issued
trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities and the debentures mature on December 15, 2035 and have a floating rate
of the three-month LIBOR plus 1.43% adjusted quarterly. Interest on these debentures is current. The debentures may be called at
par in part or in full, on or after December 15, 2010 or within 120 days of certain events. At acquisition in April 2013 the debentures
were recorded at a fair value of $5.8 million, with the discount being accreted to interest expense over the remaining life of
the debentures. At September 30, 2016, the carrying value of these junior debentures was $6.5 million, and the $6.2 million carrying
value of related trust preferred securities qualifies as Tier 1 capital. 

As part of the 2016 acquisition of Baylake,
the Company assumed $16.6 million of junior subordinated debentures related to $16.1 million of issued trust preferred securities.
The trust preferred securities and the debentures mature on September 30, 2036 and have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus
1.35% adjusted quarterly. Interest on these debentures is current. The debentures may be redeemed on any interest payment date
at par in part or in full, on or after June 30, 2011. At acquisition in April 2016 the debentures were recorded at fair value of
$11.8 million, with the discount being accreted to interest expense over the remaining life of the debentures. At September 30,
2016, the carrying value of these junior debentures was $11.9 million, and the $11.4 million carrying value of related trust preferred
securities qualifies as Tier 1 capital. 

26   

Note 10   Subordinated Notes  

In 2015 the Company placed an aggregate
of $12 million in subordinated Notes in private placements with certain accredited investors. All Notes were issued with 10-year
maturities, have a fixed annual interest rate of 5% payable quarterly, are callable on or after the fifth anniversary of their
respective issuances dates, and qualify for Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 

The $0.2 million debt issuance costs associated
with the $12 million Notes are being amortized on a straight line basis over the first five years, representing the no-call periods,
as additional interest expense. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the $0.1 million and $0.2 million,
of unamortized debt issuance costs remain and are reflected as a deduction to the carrying value of the outstanding Notes. 

Note 11   Fair Value Measurements  

As provided for by accounting standards,
the Company records and/or discloses financial instruments on a fair value basis. These financial assets and financial liabilities
are measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the observability
of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are: Level 1 - quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities that a company has the ability to access at the measurement date; Level 2 - inputs other than quoted prices
included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; Level 3   significant
unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is little,
if any, related market activity. In instances where the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels, the level
within which the entire fair value measurement will be categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement in its entirety; this assessment of the significance of an input requires management judgment. 

Disclosure of the fair value of financial
instruments, whether recognized or not recognized in the balance sheet, is required for those instruments for which it is practicable
to estimate that value, with the exception of certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments as provided for by
the accounting standards. For financial instruments recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, the fair value
disclosure requirements also apply. 

Fair value (i.e. the price that would be
received in an orderly transaction that is not a forced liquidation or distressed sale at the measurement date), among other things,
is based on exit price versus entry price, should include assumptions about risk such as nonperformance risk in liability fair
values, and is a market-based measurement versus an entity-specific measurement. 

27   

Note 11   Fair Value Measurements,
continued  

The following table presents the balances
of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the periods presented. One security classified as Level
3 was purchased for $0.6 million during the first quarter of 2016. 

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used by the Company for the Securities AFS noted in the tables of this footnote. Where quoted market prices on securities
exchanges are available, the investment is classified as Level 1. Level 1 investments primarily include exchange-traded equity
securities available for sale. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is generally determined using prices obtained
from independent pricing vendors who use pricing models (with typical inputs including benchmark yields, reported trades for similar
securities, issuer spreads or relationship to other benchmark quoted securities), or discounted cash flows, and are classified
as Level 2. Examples of these investments include mortgage-related securities and obligations of state, county and municipals.
Finally, in certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the estimated fair value, investments
are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. Examples of these include private municipal bonds and corporate debt securities,
which include trust preferred security investments. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, it was determined that carrying
value was the best approximation of fair value for these Level 3 securities, based primarily on the internal analysis on these
securities. 

The following table presents the Company s
impaired loans and other real estate owned ( OREO ) measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for the periods
presented. The additions to the Level 3 category were predominantly due to the April 2016 Baylake merger. 

Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  

28   

Note 11   Fair Value Measurements, continued  

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used by the Company for the items noted in the table above, including the general classification of such instruments
in the fair value hierarchy. For individually evaluated impaired loans, the amount of impairment is based upon the present value
of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the estimated fair value of the underlying
collateral for collateral-dependent loans, or the estimated liquidity of the note. For OREO, the fair value is based upon the estimated
fair value of the underlying collateral adjusted for the expected costs to sell. 

The carrying amounts and estimated fair
values of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are shown below. 

Not all the financial instruments listed
in the table above are subject to the disclosure provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820, as certain
assets and liabilities result in their carrying value approximating fair value. These include cash and cash equivalents, other
investments, bank owned life insurance, short-term borrowings, and nonmaturing deposits. For those financial instruments not previously
disclosed the following is a description of the evaluation methodologies used. 

Certificates of deposits in other banks: 
Fair values are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on current interest rates being offered by instruments with
similar terms and represents a Level 2 measurement. 

29   

Note 11   Fair Value Measurements,
continued  

Other investments:  The carrying
amount of Federal Reserve Bank, Bankers Bank, Farmer Mac, and FHLB stock is a reasonably accepted fair value estimate given their
restricted nature. Fair value is the redeemable (carrying) value based on the redemption provisions of the instruments which is
considered a Level 2 measurement. The carrying amount of the remaining other investments (particularly common stocks of companies
or other banks that are not publicly traded) approximates their fair value, determined primarily by analysis of company financial
statements and recent capital issuances of the respective companies or banks, if any, and represents a Level 3 measurement. 

Loans held for sale:  The fair value
estimation process for the loans held for sale portfolio is segregated by loan type. The estimated fair value was based on what
secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics and represents a Level 2 measurement. 

Loans, net : For variable-rate loans
that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk or other optionality, fair values are based on carrying values.
Fair values for all other loans are estimated by discounting contractual cash flows using estimated market discount rates, which
reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan. Collateral-dependent impaired loans are included in loans, net.
The fair value of loans is considered to be a Level 3 measurement due to internally developed discounted cash flow measurements. 

Mortgage servicing rights asset: 
To estimate the fair value of the MSR asset, the underlying serviced loan pools are stratified by interest rate tranche and term
of the loan, and a valuation model is used to calculate the present value of expected future cash flows for each stratum. When
the carrying value of the MSR asset related to a stratum exceeds its fair value, the stratum is recorded at fair value. The valuation
model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as costs to service,
a discount rate, ancillary income, default rates and losses, and prepayment speeds. Although some of these assumptions are based
on observable market data, other assumptions are based on unobservable estimates of what market participants would use to measure
fair value. As a result, the fair value measurement of mortgage servicing rights is considered a Level 3 measurement and represents
an income approach to fair value. 

Deposits : The fair value of deposits
with no stated maturity (such as demand deposits, savings, interest and non-interest checking, and money market accounts) is, by
definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are
estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market place on certificates
of similar remaining maturities. Use of internal discounted cash flows provides a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Notes payable : The fair value of
the Federal Home Loan Bank advances is obtained from the Federal Home Loan Bank which uses a discounted cash flow analysis based
on current market rates of similar maturity debt securities and represents a Level 2 measurement. The fair values of remaining
notes payable are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on current interest rates being offered by instruments with
similar terms and credit quality which represents a Level 3 measurement. 

Junior subordinated debentures and subordinated
notes : The fair values of these debt instruments utilize a discounted cash flow analysis based on an estimate of current interest
rates being offered by instruments with similar terms and credit quality. Since the market for these instruments is limited, the
internal evaluation represents a Level 3 measurement. 

Off-balance-sheet instruments : The
estimated fair value of letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was insignificant. Loan commitments on which
the committed interest rate is less than the current market rate are also insignificant at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

Limitations : Fair value estimates
are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These
estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire
holdings of a particular financial instrument. Fair value estimates may not be realizable in an immediate settlement of the instrument.
In some instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments, in which case fair
values may be based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques, or based on judgments regarding future expected
loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of the financial instruments, or other factors. Those techniques
are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimate of future cash flows. Subsequent changes
in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Note 12   Pending Merger Transaction

On November 4, 2016 Nicolet announced the signing of a definitive merger
agreement ( Merger Agreement ) with First Menasha Bancshares, Inc., ( First Menasha ) (OTCQX:FMBJ) under
which First Menasha will merge with and into Nicolet.  Based upon the financial results as of September 30, 2016, the combined
company would have total assets of approximately $2.7 billion, deposits of $2.3 billion and loans of $1.9 billion. The merger
transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017.   

30   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. is a bank holding
company headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, providing a diversified range of traditional banking and wealth management services
to individuals and businesses in its market area through the 42 branch offices of its banking subsidiary, Nicolet National Bank,
in northeastern and central Wisconsin and Menominee, Michigan. 

Overview  

At September 30, 2016, Nicolet Bankshares,
Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Nicolet  or the  Company ) had total assets of $2.3 billion, loans of $1.6
billion, deposits of $1.9 billion and total stockholders  equity of $277 million, representing increases over December 31,
2015 of 87%, 77%, 83% and 152% in assets, loans, deposits and total equity, respectively. This growth was predominantly attributable
to two transactions completed in the first half of 2016 (the  2016 acquisitions ), which are detailed in Note 2,  Acquisitions 
of the notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. On April 29, 2016, Nicolet completed its transformative stock-for-stock
merger with Baylake Corp. ( Baylake ), which added 21 branches and a dominant position in Door County, Wisconsin, based
on deposit market share. At the time of the Baylake merger and based on estimated fair values, assets of $1.0 billion, loans of
$0.7 billion, deposits of $0.8 billion, core deposit intangible of $17 million and goodwill of $66 million were added to the consolidated
balance sheet, for a total purchase price of approximately $164 million, including the issuance of 4.3 million shares of Nicolet
common stock and assumption of outstanding Baylake equity awards. On a smaller scale, Nicolet completed on April 1, 2016 its private
transaction to hire a select group of financial advisors and to purchase their respective books of business and operating platform,
to enhance the leadership and future growth of Nicolet s wealth management business. In this transaction, Nicolet paid total
initial consideration of $4.9 million (including $2.6 million in common stock), accrued an earn-out liability of $1.5 million,
recorded $0.4 million of goodwill, $0.2 million of fixed assets and $4.3 million of customer relationship intangibles. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, net income was $12.4 million, and after $0.6 million of preferred stock dividends, net income available to common shareholders
was $11.7 million or $1.67 per diluted common share. Evaluation of financial performance between 2016 and 2015 periods was impacted
in general from the timing of the two 2016 acquisitions, and inclusion of non-recurring merger-based expenses and integration costs,
as described under the section  Management s Discussion and Analysis.  

Nicolet s profitability is significantly
dependent upon net interest income (interest income earned on loans and other interest-earning assets such as investments, net
of interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds), and noninterest income sources (including but not limited to service
charges on deposits, trust and brokerage fees, mortgage income from sales of residential mortgages into the secondary market, and
other fees or revenue from financial services provided to customers or ancillary to loans and deposits), offset by the level of
the provision for loan losses, noninterest expenses (largely employee compensation and overhead expenses tied to processing and
operating the Bank s business), and income taxes. Business volumes and pricing drive revenue potential and tend to be influenced
by overall economic factors, including market interest rates, business spending, consumer confidence, economic growth and competitive
conditions within the marketplace. 

Forward-Looking Statements   

Statements made in this document and in
any documents that are incorporated by reference which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements, as defined in
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including any statements regarding descriptions of management s plans,
objectives, or goals for future operations, products or services, and forecasts of its revenues, earnings, or other measures of
performance. Forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risks
and uncertainties. These statements generally may be identified by the use of words such as  believe,   expect, 
 anticipate,   plan,   estimate,   should,   will,   intend, 
or similar expressions. Shareholders should note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document, could
affect the future financial results of Nicolet and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements contained in this document. These factors, many of which are beyond Nicolet s control, include, but are not necessarily
limited to the following: 

operating, legal and regulatory risks, including the effects of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as the rules by the Federal bank regulatory agencies
to implement the Basel III capital accord;   

economic, political and competitive forces affecting Nicolet s banking and wealth management
businesses;   

changes in interest rates, monetary policy and general economic conditions, which may impact Nicolet s
net interest income;   

potential difficulties in integrating the operations of Nicolet with those of acquired entities,
if any;   

31   

compliance or operational risks related to new products, services, ventures, or lines of business,
if any, that Nicolet may pursue or implement; and   

the risk that Nicolet s analyses of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that
the strategies developed to address them could be unsuccessful.   

These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such
statements. Nicolet specifically disclaims any obligation to update factors or to publicly announce the results of revisions to
any of the forward-looking statements or comments included herein to reflect future events or developments. 

Branch Closures  

In September 2016, Nicolet announced that
it will close six branches that are in close proximity to other Nicolet branches by the end of 2016. The first of these branches
was closed on October 28, 2016. The primary reason for the closures is to eliminate the costs associated with the branches in overlapping
geographies that resulted from its recent acquisitions. Following the closings Nicolet will operate 36 branches in Northeast and
Central Wisconsin and the upper peninsula of Michigan. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The consolidated financial statements of
Nicolet are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and follow general practices within the industry in which it operates. This preparation
requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date
of the consolidated financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates,
assumptions and judgments reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance
on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be
materially different than originally reported. Estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change include the valuation
of loans acquired in business combinations, as well as the determination of the allowance for loan losses and income taxes and,
therefore, are critical accounting policies. 

Valuation of Loans Acquired in Business
Combinations  

Acquisitions accounted for under Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations , require the use of the acquisition
method of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at estimated fair value on
their purchase date. In particular, the valuation of acquired loans involves significant estimates, assumptions and judgment based
on information available as of the acquisition date. Substantially all loans acquired in the transaction are evaluated either individually
or in pools of loans with similar characteristics; and since the estimated fair value of acquired loans includes a credit consideration,
no carryover of any previously recorded allowance for loan losses is recorded at acquisition. A number of factors are considered
in determining the estimated fair value of purchased loans including, among other things, the remaining life of the acquired loans,
estimated prepayments, estimated loss ratios, estimated value of the underlying collateral, estimated holding periods, contractual
interest rates compared to market interest rates, and net present value of cash flows expected to be received. 

In determining the Day 1 Fair Values of
acquired loans, management calculates a non-accretable difference (the credit mark component of the acquired loans) and an accretable
difference (the market rate or yield component of the acquired loans). The non-accretable difference is the difference between
the undiscounted contractually required payments and the undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected in accordance with management s
determination of the Day 1 Fair Values. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for
loan losses. Subsequent increases in cash flows will result in a reversal of the provision for loan losses to the extent of prior
charges and then an adjustment to the accretable and non-accretable differences, which would have a positive impact on interest
income. 

The accretable yield on acquired loans
is the difference between the expected cash flows and the initial investment in the acquired loans. The accretable yield is recognized
into earnings through interest income using the effective yield method over the term of the loans. Management separately monitors
the acquired loan portfolio and periodically reviews loans contained within this portfolio against the factors and assumptions
used in determining the Day 1 Fair Values. 

Allowance for Loan Losses ( ALLL )  

The ALLL is a reserve for estimated credit
losses on individually evaluated loans determined to be impaired as well as estimated credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio.
Actual credit losses, net of recoveries, are deducted from the ALLL. Loans are charged off when management believes that the collectability
of the principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ALLL. A provision for loan losses, which is a
charge against earnings, is recorded to bring the ALLL to a level that, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable
losses in the loan portfolio. Management s evaluation process used to determine the appropriateness of the ALLL is subject
to the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgment. The evaluation process involves gathering and interpreting many qualitative
and quantitative factors which could affect probable credit losses. Because interpretation and analysis involves judgment, current
economic or business conditions can change, and future events are inherently difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated
loan losses and therefore the appropriateness of the ALLL could change significantly. 

32   

The allocation methodology applied by Nicolet
is designed to assess the appropriateness of the ALLL and includes allocations for specifically identified impaired loans and loss
factor allocations for all remaining loans, with a component primarily based on historical loss rates and a component primarily
based on other qualitative factors. The methodology includes evaluation and consideration of several factors, such as, but not
limited to, management s ongoing review and grading of loans, facts and issues related to specific loans, historical loan
loss and delinquency experience, trends in past due and nonaccrual loans, existing risk characteristics of specific loans or loan
pools, the fair value of underlying collateral, current economic conditions and other qualitative and quantitative factors which
could affect potential credit losses. While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments
to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions or circumstances underlying the collectability
of loans. Because each of the criteria used is subject to change, the allocation of the ALLL is made for analytical purposes and
is not necessarily indicative of the trend of future loan losses in any particular loan category. The total allowance is available
to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio. Management believes the ALLL is appropriate at September 30, 2016. The
allowance analysis is reviewed by the board of directors on a quarterly basis in compliance with regulatory requirements. In addition,
various regulatory agencies periodically review the ALLL. These agencies may require Nicolet to make additions to the ALLL based
on their judgments of collectability based on information available to them at the time of their examination. Acquired loans were
purchased at fair value without any ALLL, and subsequent to acquisition such acquired loans will be evaluated and ALLL will be
recorded on them to the extent necessary. 

Income taxes   

The assessment of income tax assets and
liabilities involves the use of estimates, assumptions, interpretation, and judgment concerning certain accounting pronouncements
and federal and state tax codes. There can be no assurance that future events, such as court decisions or positions of federal
and state taxing authorities, will not differ from management s current assessment, the impact of which could be significant
to the consolidated results of operations and reported earnings. 

Nicolet files a consolidated federal income
tax return and a combined state income tax return (both of which include Nicolet and its wholly owned subsidiaries). Accordingly,
amounts equal to tax benefits of those companies having taxable federal losses or credits are reimbursed by the companies that
incur federal tax liabilities. Amounts provided for income tax expense are based on income reported for financial statement purposes
and do not necessarily represent amounts currently payable under tax laws. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed
annually for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or
deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax law rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through
provision for income tax expense. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that a portion of the full
amount of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies. Nicolet may also
recognize a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions. Unrecognized tax benefits represent the differences
between a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit recognized and measured in the financial statements.
Penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis

The following discussion is Nicolet management s
analysis of the consolidated financial condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and results of operations for the
three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. It should be read in conjunction with Nicolet s audited consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the three years ended December 31, 2015, included in Nicolet s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Evaluation of financial performance between
2016 and 2015 periods was impacted in general from the timing of Nicolet s two 2016 acquisitions. Since the balances and
results of operations of the acquired entities prior to consummation are appropriately not included in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, income statement results and average balances for 2016 included partial period contributions from the 2016
acquisitions versus no contribution in 2015 periods. The inclusion of the Baylake balance sheet and operational results for approximately
five months in 2016 analytically explains roughly 45% of the increase in certain average balances and income statement line items
between the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, while the financial advisory business acquisition primarily impacts
the brokerage fee income, personnel expense and certain other expense line items. In addition, the 2016 acquisitions impacted pre-tax
net income by inclusion of non-recurring direct merger expenses of approximately $0.1 million, $0.7 million, $0.4 million and $0.4
million in third quarter 2015, fourth quarter 2015, first quarter 2016 and second quarter 2016, respectively, along with a $1.7
million pre-tax lease termination charge in the second quarter of 2016 related to the closure of a Nicolet branch concurrent with
the Baylake merger. 

33   

Performance Summary   

Nicolet reported net income of $12.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $8.6 million for the first nine months of 2015. After $0.6 million of
preferred stock dividends, net income available to common shareholders was $11.8 million, or $1.67 per diluted common share for
the first nine months of 2016. Comparatively, after $0.2 million of preferred stock dividends, net income available to common shareholders
was $8.4 million, or $1.93 per diluted common share for the first nine months of 2015. Beginning March 1, 2016, the annual dividend
rate on preferred stock moved from 1% to 9% in accordance with the contractual terms. In advance of such increase, Nicolet redeemed
half of its then outstanding preferred stock in September 2015. The remaining half was redeemed in the third quarter of 2016. As
a result, Nicolet will not pay preferred dividends going forward. The changes in rate and preferred stock outstanding affected
the preferred stock dividends between the comparable nine-month periods. 

Net income for the first nine months of
2016 includes combined operating results following the consummation dates of the 2016 acquisitions, and compares favorably to net
income for the first nine months of 2015, considering that pre-tax net income for 2016 also includes non-recurring direct merger
expenses of $0.8 million and a lease termination charge of $1.7 million as compared to non-recurring direct merger expenses of
$0.1 million in pre-tax net income for 2015. 

Net interest income was $48.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $17.4 million
or 57% over the first nine months of 2015. The improvement was primarily the result of favorable volume variances, driven by the
addition of the Baylake net interest-earning assets, and net favorable rate variances. On a tax-equivalent basis, the net interest
margin for the first nine months of 2016 was 3.99%, up 14 basis points ( bps ) from 3.85% for the comparable 2015 period.
Between the comparable nine-month periods, the earning asset yield decreased 7 bps to 4.44%, while the cost of interest bearing
liabilities decreased by 26 bps to 0.58%, resulting in a 19 bps increase in the interest rate spread between the comparable nine-month
periods.   

Noninterest income was $18.8 million for the first nine months of 2016 (including $0.5 million
net gain on sales or write-downs of assets) compared to $13.1 million for the first nine months of 2015 (which included $1.0 million
net gain on sales or write-downs of assets). Removing these net gains, noninterest income was up $6.1 million or 51% between the
nine-month periods, aided by the 2016 acquisitions. The most notable increase over prior year was brokerage fee income which more
than quadrupled between the nine-month periods, up $1.6 million to $2.1 million, directly related to the 2016 financial advisor
business acquisition. Mortgage income was up $1.0 million or 39% to $3.7 million primarily due to higher production over a broader
geographic footprint. Also favorably affected by the Baylake merger timing are revenue lines tied to deposit and ancillary fees,
with services charges up $0.8 million or 44%, to $2.5 million, and other income up $2.3 million or 142% to $3.9 million (including
$1.2 million increase in interchange income given higher volumes, $0.2 million higher wire fees, and the addition of $0.6 million
from a processing business interest acquired in the Baylake merger).   

34   

Noninterest expense was $46.6 million for the first nine months of 2016, up $17.2 million or 59%
over the first nine months of 2015, largely attributable to the larger operating base from the 2016 acquisitions and non-recurring
merger-related charges in the 2016 period. Direct merger expenses for the first nine months of 2016 consisted of approximately
$0.8 million ($0.1 million in personnel, $0.3 million in processing and $0.4 million in other expense), with a $1.7 million lease
termination charge in other expense, compared to $0.1 million direct merger expense in the comparable 2015 period. Salaries and
benefits were up $7.8 million or 46%, largely a result of the 2016 acquisitions with an increase in average full-time equivalent
employees of 39% between the nine-month periods as well as merit increases, higher overtime and increased equity and incentive
expense between the years. Increases in other expense categories were primarily attributed to the inclusion of the 2016 acquisitions.   

Net Interest Income  

Nicolet s earnings are substantially
dependent on net interest income. Net interest income is the primary source of Nicolet s revenue and is the difference between
interest income earned on interest earning assets, such as loans and investments, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities,
such as deposits and other borrowings. Net interest income is directly impacted by the sensitivity of the balance sheet to changes
in interest rates and by the amount and composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, including characteristics
such as the fixed or variable nature of the financial instruments, contractual maturities, and repricing frequencies. 

Net interest income in the consolidated
statements of income (which excludes any taxable equivalent adjustment) was $48.1 million in the first nine months of 2016, $17.4
million or 57% higher than $30.7 million in the first nine months of 2015, largely impacted by the five months of additional net
interest income resulting from the merger. Taxable equivalent adjustments (adjustments to bring tax-exempt interest to a level
that would yield the same after-tax income had that been subject to a 34% tax rate) were $1.3 million and $0.9 million for the
first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting in taxable equivalent net interest income of $49.4 million and $31.6
million, respectively. 

Taxable equivalent net interest income
is a non-GAAP measure, but is a preferred industry measurement of net interest income (and its use in calculating a net interest
margin) as it enhances the comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. 

35   

Table 1: Year-To-Date Net Interest Income Analysis   

(1)  Nonaccrual loans are included in the daily average loan
balances outstanding. 

(2)  The yield on tax-exempt loans and tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal tax
rate of 34% and adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense.   

36   

Table 2: Year-To-Date Volume/Rate Variance

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 follows: 

37   

Table 3: Quarterly Net Interest Income Analysis  

(1)  Nonaccrual loans are included in the daily average loan
balances outstanding. 

(2)  The yield on tax-exempt loans and tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal tax
rate of 34% and adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense.   

38   

Table 4: Quarterly Volume/Rate Variance  

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus
the three months ended September 30, 2015 follows: 

Table 5: Interest Rate Spread, Margin and
Average Balance Mix   Taxable Equivalent Basis  

Taxable equivalent net interest income was $49.4 million for
the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $17.8 million or 56% over the same period in 2015, largely impacted by the five months
of net interest income added from the Baylake merger. Taxable equivalent interest income increased $17.9 million (or 48%) between
the nine-month periods, including $17.4 million more interest income from favorable earning asset volumes (driven by inclusion
of the Baylake earning assets) and $0.5 million net favorable rate variances. Interest expense remained consistent between the
nine-month periods at $5.5 million for 2016 compared to $5.4 million for 2015. While higher funding volumes added $1.5 million
interest expense, a lower cost of funds (mostly attributable to the lower overall cost of funds on acquired balances from Baylake
and deposit product rate changes implemented in December 2015) reduced interest expense by $1.4 million. 

39   

The taxable equivalent net interest margin
was 3.99% for the first nine months of 2016, up 14 bps versus the first nine months of 2015. With a decrease in earning asset yield
to 4.44% (down 7 bps) and a 26 bps decline in the cost of funds (to 0.58%), the interest rate spread improved by 19 bps between
the first nine-month periods. There has been and will continue to be underlying downward margin pressure as assets mature in this
prolonged low-rate environment, with current reinvestment rates substantially lower than previous rates and less opportunity to
offset such with similar changes in the already low cost of funds. However, this negative impact for 2016 was partially offset
by the merger which added a lower cost of funds and additional favorable income from discount accretion. 

The 7 bps decline in earning asset yield
was influenced mainly by an increase in loan yield (up 4 bps to 5.13%), though more than offset by a lower proportion of loans
in average earning assets (78% versus 82% for the nine-months in 2016 and 2015, respectively). The 4 bps increase in loan yield
between the nine-month periods was largely due to higher aggregate discount accretion on loans (including $1.6 million of from
three favorably resolved discounted loans in third quarter 2016), partially offset by the addition of Baylake loans carrying a
lower overall yield and underlying rate pressure on loan yields from competition and the low rate environment. The earning asset
yield decline was also impacted by non-loan earning assets yielding 1.95% for the nine-months of 2016 (down 4 bps from the comparable
2015 period, mostly due to a higher proportion of low-earning cash than the prior year) and representing 22% of average earning
assets (versus 18% for the comparable nine-month period in 2015). 

Nicolet s cost of funds decreased
26 bps to 0.58% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to a year ago, driven primarily by deposit funding. The average cost
of interest-bearing deposits (which represent approximately 95% of average interest-bearing liabilities for both periods), was
0.43% for the first nine months of 2016, down 22 bps from the first nine months of 2015. The cost of interest-bearing deposits
decreased as a result of rate decreases initiated in December 2015, from the lower cost of funds on acquired balances, and a favorable
fair value interest mark on acquired CDs. Average other interest-bearing liabilities (comprised of short- and long-term borrowings)
increased $9 million but cost 44 bps less between the nine-month periods, as higher cost advances matured and were not renewed,
certain acquired advances were paid off in the quarter acquired, and lower-cost variable-rate trust preferred securities were added
to the funding mix with the Baylake acquisition in the first nine months of 2016. 

Average interest-earning assets were $1.6
billion and $1.1 billion for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, for an increase of 51%, predominantly attributable
to five months of acquired balances. While the balance of average interest-earning assets increased, the mix of loans declined
from 82% to 78% and the securities and other earning assets increased from 18% to 22%. Average total loans increased by $391 million
(to $1.3 billion, up 44%) and average non-loan earning assets increased by $159 million (comprised of a $41 million increase in
interest-bearing cash and a $118 million increase in investments) to $358 million. 

Average interest-bearing liabilities were
$1.2 billion, up $393 million or 46% versus the first nine months of 2015, predominantly attributable to five months of acquired
balances. Interest-bearing deposits represented 96% and 95% of average interest-bearing liabilities for the first nine months of
2016 and 2015, respectively, while the mix of average interest-bearing deposits moved more to lower-costing MMA deposits and less
in higher costing core CDs improving the overall deposit cost between nine-month periods. 

Provision for Loan Losses  

The provision
for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.4 million for each period, respectively, exceeding
net charge offs of $0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively. Asset quality measures were elevated at September 30, 2016, impacted
by the Baylake merger, but remained strong with continued resolutions of problem loans. The ALLL was $11.5 million (0.74% of loans)
at September 30, 2016, compared to $10.3 million (1.18% of loans) at December 31, 2015 and $10.0 million (1.13% of loans) at September
30, 2015. The decline in the ratio was a result of recording the Baylake loan portfolio at fair value with no carryover of its
allowance at the time of the merger. 

The provision for loan losses is predominantly
a function of Nicolet s methodology and judgment as to qualitative and quantitative factors used to determine the adequacy
of the ALLL. The adequacy of the ALLL is affected by changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio, changes in levels
of impaired and other nonperforming loans, historical losses and delinquencies in each portfolio segment, the risk inherent in
specific loans, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, existing and future economic conditions, the fair
value of underlying collateral, and other factors which could affect potential credit losses. For additional information regarding
asset quality and the ALLL, see  Balance Sheet Analysis   Loans,     Allowance for Loan and Lease
Losses,  and    Impaired Loans and Nonperforming Assets.  

40   

Noninterest Income  

Table 6: Noninterest Income  

Comparison of the nine months ending September 30, 2016 versus
2015  

Noninterest income was $18.8 million for
the first nine months of 2016 (including $0.5 million net gain on sales or write-downs of assets) compared to $13.1 million for
the first nine months of 2015 (which included $1.0 million net gain on sales or write-downs of assets). Removing these net gains,
noninterest income was up $6.1 million or 51% between the nine-month periods, aided by the 2016 acquisitions. The most notable
increase over prior year was brokerage fee income which more than quadrupled between the nine-month periods and was directly related
to the 2016 financial advisor business acquisition. Since the year-to-date 2016 results reflect only five months of combined noninterest
income activity, comparisons to prior period operating results are expected to widen in the future. 

Net gain on sale or write-down of assets
was $0.5 million and $1.0 million for the nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The 2016 activity consisted of $0.1 million
net gains on sales of investments and $0.4 million net gains on sales of OREO and other assets while the 2015 activity consisted
of $0.6 million net gains on the sale of investments and $0.4 million net gains on sales of OREO. 

Service charges on deposit accounts were
$2.5 million for the first nine months of 2016, up $0.8 million (or 44%) over the comparable period of 2015, given the increase
in deposit balances and accounts mainly from the Baylake merger, and higher non-sufficient funds ( NSF ) volumes. 

Trust service fees increased to $4.0 million
for the first nine months of 2016, up $0.4 million (or 10%) over the comparable 2015 period, on market improvements and net new
business with only a modest increase attributable to the Baylake merger. Brokerage fees were $2.1 million, up 311% over the first
nine months of 2015, directly attributable to the 2016 financial advisor business acquisition and hiring of selected advisors.
Both the financial advisor acquisition as well as the expanded footprint from the Baylake merger will provide growth potential
for wealth management in future periods. 

Mortgage income, net includes predominantly
net gains received from the sale of residential real estate loans service-released into the secondary market, as well as net revenue
related to mortgages sold servicing retained, including net gains on mortgages sold, capitalized mortgage servicing gains and servicing
fees, net of MSR asset amortization. Mortgage income, net was $3.7 million for first nine months of 2016 compared to $2.7 million
for first nine months of 2015, up $1.0 million or 39% between the nine-month periods. The increase between the nine-month periods
is attributable to higher sales volume producing higher cash and capitalized gains and a larger mortgage portfolio serviced for
others (including the Baylake servicing portfolio acquired) increasing servicing fees , offset partly by higher MSR amortization.
The first nine months of 2016 had 27% higher secondary mortgage production with nine-month originations of $181 million for 2016
versus $143 million for 2015. 

BOLI income was $0.9 million for the first
nine months of 2016, up 18% over the comparable period in 2015 while average BOLI balances increased 26%. A BOLI investment of
$25.4 million was added at acquisition in the Baylake merger (impacting the nine-month average balance comparison), at a lower
overall earning rate. During June 2016, $21.5 million of the acquired BOLI was surrendered. In September 2016, additional BOLI
of $20.0 million was purchased. 

41   

Rent income and investment advisory
fees were unaffected by the 2016 acquisitions and showed slight  changes between the nine-month periods. Other noninterest
income increased $2.3 million (or 142%) between the nine-month periods, mostly attributable to ancillary fees tied to
deposit-related products, such as a $1.2 million increase in interchange income (mostly higher volumes from debit cards, but
also from credit cards usage given the decision in late 2015 to issue credit cards directly to customers rather than through
a third party) and $0.2 million higher wire fee income on the expanded customer base, as well as the addition of $0.6 million
from a processing business interest in UFS, Inc. (accounted for under the equity method of accounting) acquired in the
Baylake merger. 

Noninterest Expense  

Table 7: Noninterest Expense  

Comparison of the nine months ending September 30, 2016 versus
2015  

Noninterest expense was $46.6 million for
the first nine months of 2016, up $17.2 million or 59% over the first nine months of 2015, predominantly attributable to the larger
operating base from the 2016 acquisitions and non-recurring merger-related charges in the 2016 period. Direct merger expenses in
the first nine months of 2016 consisted of approximately $0.8 million ($0.1 million in personnel, $0.3 million in processing and
$0.4 million in other expense), and a $1.7 million lease termination charge in other expense, compared to $0.1 million direct merger
expense in the comparable 2015 period. Since the year-to-date 2016 results reflect only five months of combined noninterest expense
activity, comparisons to prior period operating results are expected to widen in the future. 

Salaries and employee benefits expense
was $24.7 million for the first nine months of 2016, up $7.8 million or 46% compared to the first nine months of 2015. In addition
to merit increases, higher overtime and higher equity award and incentive costs between the years, salaries and benefits were up
largely as a result of an increase in average full time equivalent employees from the 2016 acquisitions, at 393 for the first nine
months of 2016, up 39% over 282 for the comparable 2015 period. 

Occupancy, equipment and office expense
increased $2.1 million to $7.3 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015. This 39% increase was in line with the
2016 net addition of 21 branches which doubled the branch facilities, an expanded operations facility and a financial advisors
location. Utilities, rent, and other occupancy expenses increased proportionately in conjunction with the 2016 acquisitions. 

Business development and marketing expense
increased $0.8 million (or 49%) between the comparable nine-month periods, with higher spending on promotional materials, media
advertising and donations as emphasis was focused on expanded and new markets. 

Data processing expenses, which are primarily
volume-based, rose $1.8 million or 71% between the nine-month periods, including approximately $0.3 million of direct merger expenses,
continued integration costs, increased services, and five of nine months of combined operations in 2016 increasing the number of
accounts and volumes processed. 

FDIC assessments were higher between the
nine-month periods mostly due to a higher assessment base. Intangibles amortization increased due to the addition of $17.3 million
of core deposit intangible from the Baylake merger being amortized on an accelerated basis over a 10-year period, and $4.3 million
of customer relationship intangibles amortizing straight line over a 12-year average period. Other expense increased $3.1 million
(or 183%), primarily due to inclusion of a $1.7 million lease termination charge and $0.4 million of direct merger expenses, in
addition to the larger operating base. 

42   

Income Taxes  

For the nine-month periods ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, income tax expense was $6.4 million and $4.5 million, respectively. The effective tax rates were 33.9% and 33.8%,
respectively (with 2016 tax rate partly impacted by the merger). GAAP requires that deferred income taxes be analyzed to determine
if a valuation allowance is required. A valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that some portion of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. No valuation allowance was determined to be necessary as of September 30, 2016 or December
31, 2015. 

Comparison of the three months ending September 30, 2016
versus 2015  

Nicolet reported net income of $6.5 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, up $3.9 million or 149% over $2.6 million for the comparable period of 2015. Net
income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2016 was $6.2 million, or $0.69 per diluted common share, compared
to net income available to common shareholders of $2.5 million, or $0.58 per diluted common share, for the third quarter of 2015. 

Net interest income in the consolidated
statements of income (which excludes any taxable equivalent adjustment) was $20.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 versus $10.0
million in the third quarter of 2015. Taxable equivalent adjustments (adjustments to bring tax-exempt interest to a level that
would yield the same after-tax income had that been subject to a 34% tax rate) were $0.6 million and $0.3 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting in taxable equivalent net interest income of $21.5 million and
$10.3 million, respectively. Taxable equivalent net interest income for third quarter 2016 was up $11.2 million or 109% versus
third quarter 2015, with $9.6 million of the increase due to net favorable volume variances (predominately due to the Baylake merger
included for the three months in 2016 versus zero in 2015), and $1.6 million increase from net favorable rate variances (especially
in higher loan yields and lower cost of funds). 

The earning asset yield was 4.57% for third
quarter 2016, 11 bps higher than third quarter 2015, mainly due to an increase in the yield on loans (up 34 bps to 5.32% for third
quarter 2016), though partially offset by a lower proportion of loans in average earning assets (78% versus 82% for third quarter
2016 and 2015, respectively). The 34 bps increase in loan yield between the three-month periods was largely due to higher aggregate
discount accretion on loans (including $1.6 million from three favorably resolved discounted loans) partially offset by the addition
of Baylake loans carrying a lower overall yield and underlying rate pressure on loan yields from competition and the low rate environment.
Non-loan earning assets which earn less than loan assets represented 22% of average earning assets for third quarter 2016 (including
higher low-earning cash) and earned 1.89%, versus 18% of earning assets yielding 2.01% for third quarter 2015. 

The cost of funds was 0.50% for third quarter
2016, 38 bps lower than third quarter 2015, driven by a decline in the cost of deposits (down 29 bps to 0.37% for third quarter
2016) and a higher proportion of deposits in average interest-bearing liabilities (97% versus 94% for third quarter 2016 and 2015,
respectively). The decrease in the cost of deposits resulted from product rate decreases initiated in the fourth quarter of 2015,
lower overall rates on Baylake deposits acquired, and a favorable fair value interest mark on acquired CDs. The cost of other interest-bearing
liabilities increased 77 bps to 5.35% between the third quarter periods, mostly due to a lower proportion of low-cost funding in
the mix (such as fed funds purchased and other notes payable). 

Noninterest income was $8.5 million for
third quarter 2016, up $4.3 million from $4.2 million for the third quarter 2015. Noninterest income without net gains was up $4.0
million or 97%, largely due to mortgage income (up $1.2 million given higher production over a broader geographic footprint), service
charges on deposits (up $0.4 million given the larger deposit base), and trust and brokerage fees (up $1.0 million combined, mostly
attributable to the 2016 financial advisor business acquisition and market improvements). Net gain on sale or write-down of assets
for third quarter 2016 consisted of a $0.5 million net gain on OREO resolutions, while third quarter 2015 included a $0.1 million
net gain on OREO resolutions and gains on sales of assets. The $1.3 million increase in other noninterest income between the third
quarter periods included interchange income up $0.6 million and wire fee income up $0.1 million on higher volumes, and UFS, Inc.
income up $0.4 million due to the acquisition of this processing business as part of the Baylake merger in April 2016. 

Noninterest expense was $19.0 million for
the third quarter of 2016, up $9.2 million or 93% from third quarter 2015Non-recurring Baylake merger-based expenses were $0.1
million in third quarter 2015 and zero in the third quarter of 2016. Salaries and employee benefits for the third quarter of 2016
were $10.5 million or 87% higher than the third quarter of 2015. In addition to merit increases, higher overtime and higher equity
award and incentive costs between the comparable third quarter periods, salaries and benefits were up largely from a 75% increase
in average full time equivalent employees attributable to the 2016 acquisitions. Occupancy expense was $1.3 million higher due
to the increased office locations. Data processing was $1.0 million higher than third quarter 2015 from increased accounts, rate
increases and higher plastics processing costs. Amortization of intangibles was $0.9 million higher due to the added intangibles
from the 2016 acquisitions. 

43   

The provision for loan losses was $0.5
million for third quarter 2016 and 2015. Net charge offs for the quarter ending September 30, 2015 were $0.2 million compared to
a net recovery of $0.1 million for the third quarter of 2016. At September 30, 2016, the ALLL was $11.5 million (or 0.74% of total
loans) compared to $10.0 million (or 1.13% of total loans) at September 30, 2015. The decline in the ratio was a result of recording
the Baylake loan portfolio at fair value with no carryover of its allowance at the time of the merger. 

Income tax expense was $3.4 million and
$1.3 million for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effective tax rates were 34.5% for third quarter 2016 (partly
impacted by the merger) and 32.8% for third quarter 2015. 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS  

Loans  

Nicolet services a diverse customer base
throughout Northeast and Central Wisconsin and in Menominee, Michigan including the following industries: manufacturing, agriculture,
wholesaling, retail, service, and businesses supporting the general building industry. It continues to concentrate its efforts
in originating loans in its local markets and assisting its current loan customers. It actively utilizes government loan programs
such as those provided by the U.S. Small Business Administration to help customers weather current economic conditions and position
their businesses for the future. 

Nicolet s primary lending function
is to make 1) commercial loans, consisting of commercial and industrial business loans, agricultural ( AG ) production,
and owner-occupied commercial real estate ( CRE ) loans; 2) CRE loans, consisting of commercial investment real estate
loans, AG real estate, and construction and land development loans; 3) residential real estate loans, including residential first
mortgages, residential junior mortgages (such as home equity loans and lines), and residential construction loans; and 4) retail
and other loans. Using these four broad groups the mix of loans at September 30, 2016 was 53% commercial, 20% CRE loans, 26% residential
real estate, and 1% retail and other loans; and grouped further the loan mix was 73% commercial-based and 27% retail-based. 

Total loans were $1.6 billion at September
30, 2016 compared to $877 million at December 31, 2015. Compared to September 30, 2015, loans grew $670 million or 76%, primarily
as a result of the $691 million loans added fromBaylake at acquisition in April 2016. On average, loans were $1.3 billion and $884
million for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, up 44%, largely attributable to the inclusion of acquired loans
for five of nine months in 2016. At the time of the merger, the acquired Baylake loan portfolio was somewhat similar to Nicolet s
pre-merger loan mix, with the most notable differences being a higher mix in owner-occupied CRE and CRE investment and a lower
mix in commercial and industrial loans. 

Table 8: Period End Loan Composition  

Broadly, loans were 73% commercial-based
and 27% retail-based at September 30, 2016 compared to 74% commercial-based and 26% retail-based at December 31, 2015. Commercial-based
loans are considered to have more inherent risk of default than retail-based loans, in part because of the broader list of factors
that could impact a commercial borrower negatively as well as the commercial balance per borrower is typically larger than that
for retail-based loans, implying higher potential losses on an individual customer basis. 

44   

Commercial and industrial loans consist
primarily of commercial loans to small businesses and, to a lesser degree, to municipalities within a diverse range of industries.
The credit risk related to commercial and industrial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting
impact on a borrower s operations, or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. Commercial and industrial loans increased
$129 million to $424 million since year end 2015. Commercial and industrial loans continue to be the largest segment of Nicolet s
portfolio but decreased to 27.3% of the total portfolio at September 30, 2016, down from 33.6% at December 31, 2015, largely attributable
to the acquired Baylake loan mix. 

Owner-occupied CRE loans increased to 23.3%
of loans at September 30, 2016 from 21.1% at December 31, 2015, largely attributable to the acquired Baylake loan mix. Owner-occupied
CRE loans primarily consist of loans within a diverse range of industries secured by business real estate that is occupied by borrowers
(i.e. who operate their businesses out of the underlying collateral) and who may also have commercial and industrial loans. The
credit risk related to owner-occupied CRE loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting impact on
a borrower s operations, or on the value of underlying collateral. 

AG production and AG real estate loans
combined consist of loans secured by farmland and related farming operations. The credit risk related to agricultural loans is
largely influenced by the prices farmers can get for their production and/or the underlying value of the farmland. In total, agricultural
loans increased $21 million since year end 2015, representing 5.1% of total loans at September 30, 2016, versus 6.6% at December
31, 2015. 

The CRE investment loan classification
primarily includes commercial-based mortgage loans that are secured by non-owner occupied, nonfarm/nonresidential real estate properties,
and multi-family residential properties. Lending in this segment has been focused on loans that are secured by commercial income-producing
properties as opposed to speculative real estate development. The balance of these loans increased $119 million since year end
2015, representing 12.7% of total loans at September 30, 2016 compared to 9.0% of total loans at December 31, 2015, largely attributable
to the acquired Baylake loan mix. 

Loans in the construction and land development
portfolio provide financing for the development of commercial income properties, multi-family residential development, and land
designated for future development. Nicolet controls the credit risk on these types of loans by making loans in familiar markets,
reviewing the merits of individual projects, controlling loan structure, and monitoring the progress of projects through the analysis
of construction advances. Credit risk is managed by employing sound underwriting guidelines, lending primarily to borrowers in
local markets, periodically evaluating the underlying collateral, and formally reviewing the borrower s financial soundness
and relationships on an ongoing basis. Lending on originated loans in this category has remained relatively steady as a percent
of loans. Since December 31, 2015, balances have increased $31 million, and this category represented 4.4% and 4.2% of total loans
at September 30, 2016 and year-end 2015, respectively. 

On a combined basis, Nicolet s residential
real estate loans represent 26.3% of total loans at September 30, 2016, up from 24.7% at December 31, 2015. Residential first mortgage
loans include conventional first-lien home mortgages. Residential junior mortgage real estate loans consist mainly of home equity
lines and term loans secured by junior mortgage liens. Across the industry, home equities generally involve loans that are in second
or junior lien positions, but Nicolet has secured many such loans in a first lien position, further mitigating the portfolio risks.
Nicolet has not experienced significant losses in its residential real estate loans; however, if market values in the residential
real estate markets decline, particularly in Nicolet s market area, rising loan-to-value ratios could cause an increase in
the provision for loan losses. As part of its management of originating residential mortgage loans, the vast majority of Nicolet s
long-term, fixed-rate residential real estate mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market without retaining the servicing rights.
Mortgage loans retained in the portfolio are typically of high quality and have historically had low net charge off rates. 

Loans in the retail and other classification
represent less than 1% of the total loan portfolio, and include predominantly short-term and other personal installment loans not
secured by real estate. Credit risk is primarily controlled by reviewing the creditworthiness of the borrowers, monitoring payment
histories, and taking appropriate collateral and/or guaranty positions. The loan balances in this portfolio increased $8 million
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. 

Factors that are important to managing
overall credit quality are sound loan underwriting and administration, systematic monitoring of existing loans and commitments,
effective loan review on an ongoing basis, early problem loan identification and remedial action to minimize losses, an adequate
ALLL, and sound nonaccrual and charge-off policies. An active credit risk management process is used for commercial loans to further
ensure that sound and consistent credit decisions are made. The credit management process is regularly reviewed and the process
has been modified over the past several years to further strengthen the controls. 

The loan portfolio is widely diversified
by types of borrowers, industry groups, and market areas. Significant loan concentrations are considered to exist for a financial
institution when there are amounts loaned to multiple numbers of borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them
to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. At September 30, 2016, no significant industry concentrations existed
in Nicolet s portfolio in excess of 25% of total loans. Nicolet has also developed guidelines to manage its exposure to various
types of concentration risks. 

45   

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  

In addition to the discussion that follows,
see also Note 1,  Basis of Presentation,  and Note 6,  Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality, 
in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the  Critical Accounting Policies  within management s
discussion and analysis. 

Credit risks within the loan portfolio
are inherently different for each loan type as described under  Balance Sheet Analysis-Loans.  Credit risk is controlled
and monitored through the use of lending standards, a thorough review of potential borrowers, and on-going review of loan payment
performance. Active asset quality administration, including early problem loan identification and timely resolution of problems,
aids in the management of credit risk and minimization of loan losses. 

The ALLL is established through a provision
for loan losses charged to expense to appropriately provide for potential credit losses in the existing loan portfolio. Loans are
charged off against the ALLL when management believes that the collection of principal is unlikely. The level of the ALLL represents
management s estimate of an amount of reserves that provides for estimated probable credit losses in the loan portfolio at
the balance sheet date. To assess the ALLL, an allocation methodology is applied by Nicolet which focuses on evaluation of qualitative
and environmental factors, including but not limited to: (i) evaluation of facts and issues related to specific loans; (ii) management s
ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio; (iii) consideration of historical loan loss and delinquency experience on each
portfolio segment; (iv) trends in past due and nonperforming loans; (v) the risk characteristics of the various loan segments;
(vi) changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio; (vii) concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries;
(viii) existing and forecasted economic conditions; (ix) the fair value of underlying collateral; and (x) other qualitative and
quantitative factors which could affect potential credit losses. Nicolet s methodology reflects guidance by regulatory agencies
to all financial institutions. 

Management allocates the ALLL by pools
of risk within each loan portfolio segment. The allocation methodology consists of the following components. First, a specific
reserve for the estimated shortfall is established for all loans determined to be impaired. The specific reserve in the ALLL is
equal to the aggregate collateral or discounted cash flow shortfall calculated from the impairment analyses. Loans measured for
impairment include nonaccrual loans, non-performing troubled debt-restructurings ( restructured loans ), or other loans
determined to be impaired by management. Second, Nicolet s management allocates ALLL with historical loss rates by loan segment.
The loss factors applied in the methodology are periodically re-evaluated and adjusted to reflect changes in historical loss levels
on an annual basis. Beginning in the first quarter of 2015, management extended the look-back period on which the average historical
loss rates are determined, from a prior three-year period to a rolling 20-quarter (five-year) average, as a means of capturing
more of a full credit cycle now that recent period loss levels are stabilizing. Contrarily, the six-year average (used by the Company s
methodology during 2009-2013) was considered more appropriate for the severe and prolonged economic downturn particularly evidenced
by higher net charge off levels in 2008 through 2011. Lastly, management allocates ALLL to the remaining loan portfolio using the
qualitative factors mentioned above. Consideration is given to those current qualitative or environmental factors that are likely
to cause estimated credit losses as of the evaluation date to differ from the historical loss experience of each loan segment. 

Management performs ongoing intensive analyses
of its loan portfolio to allow for early identification of customers experiencing financial difficulties, maintains prudent underwriting
standards, understands the economy in its markets, and considers the trend of deterioration in loan quality in establishing the
level of the ALLL. 

Consolidated net income and stockholders 
equity could be affected if management s estimate of the ALLL necessary to cover expected losses is subsequently materially
different, requiring a change in the level of provision for loan losses to be recorded. While management uses currently available
information to recognize losses on loans, future adjustments to the ALLL may be necessary based on newly received appraisals, updated
commercial customer financial statements, rapidly deteriorating customer cash flow, and changes in economic conditions that affect
Nicolet s customers. As an integral part of their examination process, federal regulatory agencies also review the ALLL.
Such agencies may require additions to the ALLL or may require that certain loan balances be charged-off or downgraded into criticized
loan categories when their credit evaluations differ from those of management based on their judgments about information available
to them at the time of their examination. 

At September 30, 2016, the ALLL was $11.5
million compared to $10.3 million at December 31, 2015. The nine-month increase was a result of a 2016 provision of $1.4 million
exceeding 2016 net charge offs of $0.2 million. Comparatively, the provision for loan losses in the first nine months of 2015 was
$1.4 million and net charge offs were $0.6 million. Annualized net charge offs as a percent of average loans were 0.02% in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to 0.10% for the first nine months of 2015 and 0.09% for the entire 2015 year. Loans charged
off are subject to continuous review, and specific efforts are taken to achieve maximum recovery of principal, accrued interest,
and related expenses. The level of the provision for loan losses is directly correlated to the assessment of the adequacy of the
allowance, including, but not limited to, consideration of the amount of net charge-offs, loan growth, levels of nonperforming
loans, and trends in the risk profile of the loan portfolio. 

46   

The ratio of the ALLL as a percentage of
period-end loans was 0.74% at September 30, 2016 (with a 1.05% ratio on originated loans and a 0.36% ratio on acquired loans) compared
to 1.18% at December 31, 2015 (with a 1.18% ratio on originated loans and a 1.16% ratio on acquired loans). The ALLL to loans ratio
is impacted by the accounting treatment of Nicolet s 2013 and 2016 bank acquisitions, which combined at their acquisition
dates added no ALLL to the numerator and $974 million of loans into the denominator. Acquired loans were $702 million and $137
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The change in the ALLL to loans ratio was driven by the increase
in the denominator from acquired loans in 2016. 

The largest portions of the ALLL were allocated to commercial
  industrial ( C I ) loans and owner-occupied CRE loans combined, representing 59.1% and 55.0% of the ALLL
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Most notably since December 31, 2015, the increased allocations to C I
(from 36.2% to 36.6%), Owner-occupied CRE (from 18.8% to 22.5%) and CRE investment (from 7.6% to 9.0%) and the decreased allocation
in construction and land development (from 14.0% to 7.5%) was largely the result of changes to allowance allocations in conjunction
with changes in past due and loss histories and balance mix changes. 

Table 9: Loan Loss Experience   

47   

The allocation of the ALLL is based on Nicolet s estimate
of loss exposure by category of loans and is shown in Table 10 for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Table 10: Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses  

Impaired Loans and Nonperforming Assets  

As part of its overall credit risk management
process, Nicolet s management has been committed to an aggressive problem loan identification philosophy. This philosophy
has been implemented through the ongoing monitoring and review of all pools of risk in the loan portfolio to ensure that problem
loans are identified early and the risk of loss is minimized. 

Nonperforming loans are considered one
indicator of potential future loan losses. Nonperforming loans are defined as nonaccrual loans, including those defined as impaired
under current accounting standards, and loans 90 days or more past due but still accruing interest. Loans are generally placed
on nonaccrual status when contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal payments. Additionally, whenever management
becomes aware of facts or circumstances that may adversely impact the collectability of principal or interest on loans, it is management s
practice to place such loans on nonaccrual status immediately. Nonaccrual loans were $21.5 million (consisting of $0.7 million
originated loans and $20.8 million acquired loans) at September 30, 2016 compared to $3.5 million at December 31, 2015 (consisting
of $0.6 million originated loans and $2.9 million acquired loans). Of the $37.5 million nonaccrual loans initially acquired in
the 2016 and 2013 acquisitions, $20.8 million remain and are included in the $21.5 million of nonaccrual loans at September 30,
2016. Nonperforming assets (which include nonperforming loans and OREO) were $23.7 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $3.9
million at December 31, 2015. OREO increased from $0.4 million at year end 2015 to $2.2 million at September 30, 2016 as a result
of OREO properties acquired in the Baylake merger. Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets were 1.04% at September 30,
2016 compared to 0.32% at December 31, 2015. 

48   

The level of potential problem loans is
another predominant factor in determining the relative level of risk in the loan portfolio and in determining the adequacy of the
ALLL. Potential problem loans are generally defined by management to include loans rated as Substandard by management but that
are in performing status; however, there are circumstances present which might adversely affect the ability of the borrower to
comply with present repayment terms. The decision of management to include performing loans in potential problem loans does not
necessarily mean that Nicolet expects losses to occur, but that management recognizes a higher degree of risk associated with these
loans. The loans that have been reported as potential problem loans are predominantly commercial-based loans covering a diverse
range of businesses and real estate property types. Potential problem loans were $9.2 million (0.6% of loans) and $9.2 million
(1.0% of loans) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Potential problem loans require a heightened management
review of the pace at which a credit may deteriorate, the duration of asset quality stress, and uncertainty around the magnitude
and scope of economic stress that may be felt by Nicolet s customers and on underlying real estate values. 

Table 11: Nonperforming Assets  

Table 12: Investment Securities Portfolio   

49   

At September 30, 2016 the total carrying
value of investment securities was $366 million, up from $173 million at December 31, 2015, and represented 16.1% and 14.2% of
total assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The increase since year end 2016 was largely attributable
to investment securities added from Baylake at acquisition in April 2016. At September 30, 2016, the securities portfolio did not
contain securities of any single issuer that were payable from and secured by the same source of revenue or taxing authority where
the aggregate carrying value of such securities exceeded 10% of stockholders  equity. 

In addition to securities available for
sale, Nicolet had other investments of $18 million at September 30, 2016 and $8 million at December 31, 2015, consisting of capital
stock in the Federal Reserve and the FHLB (required as members of the Federal Reserve Bank System and the Federal Home Loan Bank
System), and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, as well as equity investments in other privately-traded companies.
The FHLB and Federal Reserve investments are  restricted  in that they can only be sold back to the respective institutions
or another member institution at par, and are thus not liquid, have no ready market or quoted market value, and are carried at
cost. The remaining investments have no quoted market prices, and are carried at cost less other than temporary impairment ( OTTI )
charges, if any. Nicolet s management evaluates all these other investments periodically for impairment, considering financial
condition and other available relevant information. There were no OTTI charges recorded in 2015 or year to date 2016. 

Table 13: Investment Securities Portfolio Maturity Distribution  

(1)  The yield on tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal
tax rate of 34% adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense.   

Deposits  

Deposits represent Nicolet s largest
source of funds. Nicolet competes with other bank and nonbank institutions for deposits, as well as with a growing number of non-deposit
investment alternatives available to depositors, such as mutual funds, money market funds, annuities, and other brokerage investment
products. Challenges to deposit growth include price changes on deposit products given movements in the rate environment and other
competitive pricing pressures, and customer preferences regarding higher-costing deposit products or non-deposit investment alternatives.
Included in total deposits in Table 14 are brokered deposits of $29 million at September 30, 2016 and $31 million at December 31,
2015. 

Table 14: Deposits  

Total deposits were $1.9 billion at September
30, 2016, up $878 million or 83% since December 31, 2015, largely attributable to the $822 million deposits added from Baylake
at acquisition in April 2016. On average for the first nine months of 2016, total deposits were $1.5 billion, up $529 million,
or 52%, from the comparable 2015 period, largely attributable to the inclusion of acquired deposits for five of nine months in
2016. On average, the mix of deposits changed between the comparable nine-month periods, with 2016 carrying more in demand (i.e.
noninterest bearing) deposits, money market and NOW accounts, and less in savings and time deposits. 

50   

Table 15: Average Deposits  

Table 16: Maturity Distribution of Certificates of Deposit
of $100,000 or More  

Other Funding Sources  

Other funding sources include short-term
borrowings (zero at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015) and long-term borrowings (totaling $37 million at September 30, 2016
and $40 million at December 31, 2015). Short-term borrowings consist mainly of customer repurchase agreements maturing in less
than nine months or federal funds purchased. Long-term borrowings include notes payable (consisting of FHLB advances and, prior
to its repayment in 2016, a joint venture note), junior subordinated debentures (largely qualifying as Tier 1 capital for regulatory
purposes, given their long maturity dates, even though they are redeemable in whole or in part at par), and subordinated debt (issued
in 2015 with 10-year maturities, callable on or after the fifth anniversary date of their respective issuance dates, and qualifying
as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes). During the third quarter of 2016, a $5 million FHLB advance matured and was paid off.
Further information regarding these long-term borrowings is included in Note 8   Notes Payable, Note 9   Junior Subordinated
Debentures, and Note 10   Subordinated Notes in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. Given the high
level of deposits to assets, other funding sources are currently utilized modestly, mainly for their capital equivalent characteristics
and term funding. 

Additional funding sources consist of a
$10 million available and unused line of credit at the holding company, $143 million of available and unused federal funds purchased
lines, and available total borrowing capacity at the FHLB of $298 million of which $9 million was used at September 30, 2016 (consisting
of $1 million in outstanding advances and $8 million related to outstanding letters of credits). 

Off-Balance Sheet Obligations  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Nicolet had
the following commitments that did not appear on its balance sheet: 

Table 17: Commitments  

Liquidity Management  

Liquidity management refers to the ability
to ensure that cash is available in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers
and to meet other commitments as they fall due, including the ability to pay dividends to shareholders, service debt, invest in
subsidiaries, repurchase common stock, and satisfy other operating requirements. 

51   

Funds are available from a number of basic
banking activity sources including but not limited to the core deposit base, the repayment and maturity of loans, investment securities
calls, maturities, and sales, and funds obtained through brokered deposits. All investment securities are classified as available
for sale and are reported at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. Approximately $29 million of the $366 million investment
securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 was pledged to secure public deposits, short term borrowings, repurchase agreements,
or for other purposes as required by law. Other funding sources available include short-term borrowings, federal funds purchased,
and long-term borrowings. 

Cash and cash equivalents at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were approximately $104 million and $84 million, respectively. These levels have increased through
the first nine months of 2016 with $74 million net cash provided by investing activities (mostly due to net cash acquired with
the 2016 acquisitions and a net decline in loans) and $12 million net cash provided by operating activities, exceeding the $65
million net cash used in financing activities (mostly due to reductions in short-term borrowings, notes payable and preferred stock
exceeding the net increase in deposits). Nicolet s liquidity resources were sufficient as of September 30, 2016 to fund loans,
accommodate deposit trends and cycles, and to meet other cash needs as necessary. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity Management  

A reasonable balance between interest rate
risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and maintenance of yield, is highly important to Nicolet s business success and profitability.
As an ongoing part of its financial strategy and risk management, Nicolet attempts to understand and manage the impact of fluctuations
in market interest rates on its net interest income. The consolidated balance sheet consists mainly of interest-earning assets
(loans, investments and cash) which are primarily funded by interest-bearing liabilities (deposits and other borrowings). Such
financial instruments have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in market rates of interest. Market rates are highly sensitive
to many factors beyond our control, including but not limited to general economic conditions and policies of governmental and regulatory
authorities. Our operating income and net income depends, to a substantial extent, on  rate spread  (i.e., the difference
between the income earned on loans, investments and other earning assets and the interest expense paid to obtain deposits and other
funding liabilities). 

Asset-liability management policies establish
guidelines for acceptable limits on the sensitivity to changes in interest rates on earnings and market value of assets and liabilities.
Such policies are set and monitored by management and the board of directors  Asset and Liability Committee. 

To understand and manage the impact of
fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income, Nicolet measures its overall interest rate sensitivity through a
net interest income analysis, which calculates the change in net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest
rates under different scenarios versus a baseline scenario. Such scenarios can involve static balance sheets, balance sheets with
projected growth, parallel (or non-parallel) yield curve slope changes, immediate or gradual changes in market interest rates,
and one-year or longer time horizons. The simulation modeling uses assumptions involving market spreads, prepayments of rate-sensitive
instruments, renewal rates on maturing or new loans, deposit retention rates, and other assumptions. 

Nicolet assessed the impact on net interest income in the event of a gradual +/-100 bps and +/-200 bps decrease in market rates
(parallel to the change in prime rate) over a one-year time horizon to a static (flat) balance sheet. The interest rate scenarios
are used for analytical purposes only and do not necessarily represent management s view of future market interest rate movements.
Based on this analysis on financial data at September 30, 2016, the projected changes in net interest income over a one-year time
horizon, versus the baseline, was -1.2%, -0.4%, -0.7% and -1.0% for the -200, -100, +100 and +200 bps scenarios, respectively;
such results are within Nicolet s guidelines of not greater than -15% for +/- 100 bps and not greater than -20% for +/- 200
bps. 

Actual results may differ from these simulated
results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and their impact
on customer behavior and management strategies. 

Capital  

Management regularly reviews the adequacy
of its capital to ensure that sufficient capital is available for current and future needs and is in compliance with regulatory
guidelines and actively reviews capital strategies in light of perceived business risks associated with current and prospective
earning levels, liquidity, asset quality, economic conditions in the markets served, and level of returns available to shareholders.
Management intends to maintain an optimal capital and leverage mix for growth and for shareholder return. 

At September 30, 2016, Nicolet s
capital structure consisted of $276.3 million of common stock equity. Comparatively, at December 31, 2015, Nicolet s total
stockholders  equity was $109.5 million, consisting of $12.2 million preferred stock and $97.3 million of common stock equity.
During the hird quarter of 2015, Nicolet redeemed $12.2 million of its outstanding Small Business Lending Fund ( SBLF )
Series C Preferred Stock. During the third quarter of 2016, the remaining $12.2 million of preferred stock was fully redeemed.
These redemptions were part of an overall capital strategy partially motivated by the adjustment of the rate on the SBLF preferred
stock from 1% to 9% effective March 1, 2016, according to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

52   

Nicolet s common equity, representing
12.2% of total assets at September 30, 2016 compared to 8.0% at December 31, 2015, continues to reflect capacity to capitalize
on opportunities. Nicolet s common stock was accepted by shareholders as the primary consideration in the recent predominantly
stock-for-stock 2016 acquisitions, as described in Note 2    Acquisitions,  in the notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements. On April 29, 2016 as part of the Baylake merger, Nicolet issued 4,344,243 shares of common stock for common
stock consideration of $163.3 million, and recorded $1.2 million consideration for assumed stock options. In connection with the
financial advisor business acquisition that completed on April 1, 2016, Nicolet issued $2.6 million in common stock consideration.
Further, Nicolet s investors have demonstrated a strong commitment to capital over time, providing common capital when needed,
including a December 2008 private placement raising $9.5 million in common capital as we entered the economic crisis and the April
2013 private placement raising $2.9 million in common capital alongside a predominately stock-for-stock 2013 bank acquisition which
added $9.7 million in common capital. Book value per common share increased 37% to $32.19 at September 30, 2016 from $23.42 at
year end 2015 aided by the common equity issued in the 2016 acquisitions and retained earnings. 

During early 2014, a common stock repurchase
program was approved which authorized, with subsequent modifications in 2015, the use of up to $18 million to repurchase up to
800,000 shares of outstanding common stock. Nicolet suspended its repurchase program between announcement (September 8, 2015) and
consummation (April 29, 2016) of the Baylake merger transaction. Nicolet resumed its repurchase program in the third quarter of
2016, using $2.5 million to repurchase and cancel 66,227 shares at a weighted average price per share of $37.36 including commissions.
During the year ended December 31, 2015, $4.2 million was used to repurchase and cancel 146,404 shares at a weighted average price
per share of $28.35 including commissions. Since beginning the repurchase program in February 2014, total shares repurchased through
September 30, 2016 were 469,922 utilizing $12.3 million for an average cost of $26.11 per share. 

As shown in Table 18, all of Nicolet s
regulatory capital ratios remain strong and are well above the minimum regulatory ratios. In comparing September 30, 2016 to December
31, 2015, certain regulatory capital ratios declined due to the increased asset size and recognition of new intangibles from the
2016 acquisitions; however, all required minimum capital levels were exceeded at September 30, 2016, and Nicolet maintains sufficient
regulatory capital for current and future needs. The Bank s regulatory ratios at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
qualify the Bank as well-capitalized under the prompt-corrective action framework. This strong base of capital has allowed Nicolet
to be opportunistic in the current environment. 

A source of income and funds for Nicolet
as the parent company of Nicolet National Bank are dividends from the Bank. Dividends declared by the Bank that exceed the retained
net income for the most current year plus retained net income for the preceding two years must be approved by regulatory agencies.
During the first nine months of 2016, the Bank paid dividends of $23 million to Nicolet, $8 million from Bank retained earnings
and $15 million from the Bank s surplus, the latter of which received the requisite pre-approval by regulatory agencies and
was requested due to growth in surplus from the 2016 acquisitions. During 2015, the Bank paid $11 million of dividends to the parent
company. At September 30, 2016, the Bank could pay dividends of approximately $7 million without seeking regulatory approval. 

53   

A summary of Nicolet s and Nicolet National Bank s
regulatory capital amounts and ratios as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented in the following table. 

Table 18: Capital   

(1)  The total capital ratio is defined as Tier1 capital plus Tier 2 capital divided by total risk-weighted
assets. The Tier 1 capital ratio is defined as Tier1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets. CET 1 capital ratio is defined
as Tier 1 capital, with deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets), net of associated
deferred tax liabilities, and limitations on the inclusion of deferred tax assets, mortgage servicing assets and investments in
other financial institutions, in each case as provided further in the rules, divided by total risk-weighted assets. The leverage
ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital divided by the most recent quarter s average total assets, adjusted in accordance with
regulatory guidelines.   

(2)  Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable at the bank holding company level.   

In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board
and the OCC issued final rules implementing the Basel III regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank Act changes. The
final rules took effect for the Company and Bank on January 1, 2015, subject to a transition period for certain parts of the rules.
The rules permitted certain banking organizations to retain, through a one-time election, the existing treatment for accumulated
other comprehensive income. Nicolet and the Bank made the election in 2015 to retain the existing treatment for accumulated other
comprehensive income. 

The tables above calculate and present
regulatory capital based upon the new regulatory capital ratio requirements under Basel III that became effective on January 1,
2015. Beginning in 2016, an additional capital conservation buffer was added to the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes,
subject to a three year phase-in period. The capital conservation buffer will be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019 at 2.5 percent.
A banking organization with a conservation buffer of less than 2.5 percent (or the required phase-in amount in years prior to 2019)
will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to
executive officers. At the present time, the ratios for the Company and Bank are sufficient to meet the fully phased-in conservation
buffer. 

54   

Future Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued updated guidance to  Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-09 Stock
Compensation Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Activity  intended to simplify and improve several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of such awards as either
equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact
of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  intended
to improve the financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held
by financial institutions and other organizations. The ASU requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial
assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates.
The ASU is effective for SEC filers for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019. Early application will be permitted for all organizations for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts  to address diversity in how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on specific cash
flow issues, including: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination,
proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including
Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policies, and distributions received from equity method investees. The amendments are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the new guidance on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The core principle of the guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. In August 2015, the
FASB issued an amendment to defer the effective date for all entities by one year. The updated guidance is effective for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The
Company is currently assessing the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The core principle of the guidance is a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise
from leases. The updated guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application
is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

See section  Interest Rate Sensitivity
Management,  of Management s Discussion and Analysis under Part I, Item 2. 

55   

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

As of the end of the period covered by
this report, management, under the supervision, and with the participation, of our Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief
Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon, and as of the date of
such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal controls or, to the Company s knowledge, in other factors during the quarter covered by this report that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

56   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We and our subsidiaries may be involved from time to time in
various routine legal proceedings incidental to our respective businesses. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are currently
engaged in any legal proceedings that are expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
position. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

There have been no material changes in the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

Commencing on February 24, 2016, Nicolet s
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NCBS. Following are Nicolet s monthly common stock purchases
during the third quarter of 2016. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

57   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed herewith: 

Exhibit 

Number 
       
     Description  
 
       2.1 
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and First Menasha Bancshares, Inc., dated
November 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
4, 2016). 

10.5  
       
      Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective April 29, 2016 and
approved by the shareholders of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. on August 10, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Nicolet s
Proxy Statement filed June 30, 2016). 

31.1 
       
     Certification of CEO under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of CFO under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 
     101* 
       
     Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text.  

*Indicates information that is furnished
and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933,
is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability
under these sections. 

Denotes a management compensatory agreement. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC.  

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Robert B. Atwell  

Robert B. Atwell  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Ann K. Lawson  

Ann K. Lawson  

Chief Financial Officer  

58   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600692_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, Robert B. Atwell, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the  registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize,
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Robert B. Atwell  

Robert B. Atwell  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600692_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, Ann K. Lawson, certify that: 

1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the
 registrant );  

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and we have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(c)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize,
and report financial information; and   

(d)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Ann K. Lawson  

Ann K. Lawson  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600692_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit   
32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert B. Atwell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C s.1350, as adopted pursuant to s.960 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Robert B. Atwell  

Robert B. Atwell  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600692_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit   
32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
about the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ann K. Lawson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C s.1350, as adopted pursuant to s.960 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 4, 2016 
     /s/ Ann K. Lawson  

Ann K. Lawson  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nico-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nico-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nico-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nico-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nico-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nico-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

