<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1370450_0001558370-16-009256_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6489739</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148290</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>273892</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2011474</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2439820</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1219623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009256.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Willdan Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001370450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING SERVICES [8711]
		IRS NUMBER:				141951112
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33076
		FILM NUMBER:		161972832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2401 EAST KATELLA AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92806
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-424-9144

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2401 EAST KATELLA AVENUE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009256.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 wldn-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

wldn_Current_folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from            to            

Commission file number 001-33076 

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:   (800) 424-9144 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    No   

As of November 2, 2016, there were 8,325,365 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of Willdan Group, Inc. issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. 

FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

3 

Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)    

3 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

23 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

38 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

39 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

40 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

40 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

40 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

40 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities    

40 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

41 

Item 5. Other Information    

41 

Item 6. Exhibits    

41 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Financial Statements   

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

Table of Contents  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) 

1.      BASIS OF PRESENTATION, ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and reflect all adjustments, which consist of only normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated results for the interim periods presented.  The Company operates and reports its quarterly financial results based on the 13-week period ending on the Friday closest to March 31, June 30 and September 30 and the 13 or 14-week period ending on the Friday closest to December 31, as applicable, with consideration of business days.  Results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  The condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with Willdan Group, Inc. s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2016. 

Nature of Business 

Willdan Group, Inc. and subsidiaries ( Willdan Group  or the  Company ) is a provider of professional technical and consulting services, including comprehensive energy efficiency solutions, for utilities, private industry, and public agencies at all levels of government, primarily in California and New York.  The Company also has operations in Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Kansas, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Washington and Washington, D.C.  The Company enables its clients to provide a wide range of specialized services without having to incur and maintain the overhead necessary to develop staffing in-house.  The Company provides a broad range of complementary services including energy efficiency, engineering and planning, economic and financial consulting, and national preparedness and interoperability. The Company s clients primarily consist of public and governmental agencies, including cities, counties, public utilities, redevelopment agencies, water districts, school districts and universities, state agencies, federal agencies, a variety of other special districts and agencies, private utilities and industry and tribal governments. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Willdan Group, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Willdan Energy Solutions, Willdan Engineering, Public Agency Resources, Willdan Financial Services and Willdan Homeland Solutions and their respective subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Accounting for Contracts 

The Company enters into contracts with its clients that contain various types of pricing provisions, including fixed price, time-and-materials, unit-based and service related provisions. The following table reflects the Company s four reportable segments and the types of contracts that each most commonly enters into for revenue generating activities. 

Types of Contract  

Segment  

(Revenue Recognition Method)  

Energy Efficiency Services  

Unit-based and time-and-materials             (percentage-of-completion method)  

Engineering Services  

Time-and-materials, unit-based and fixed price (percentage-of-completion method)  

Public Finance Services  

Service related contracts                   (proportional performance method)  

Homeland Security Services  

Service related contracts                   (proportional performance method)  

Revenue on fixed price contracts is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method based generally on the ratio of direct costs (primarily exclusive of depreciation and amortization costs) incurred to date to estimated total direct costs at completion. Revenue on time-and-materials and unit-based contracts is recognized as the work is performed in accordance with the specific terms of the contract. The Company recognizes revenues for time-and-material contracts based upon the actual hours incurred during a reporting period at contractually agreed upon rates per hour and also includes in revenue all reimbursable costs incurred during a reporting period for which the Company has risk or on which the fee was based at the time of bid or negotiation. Certain of the Company s time-and-material contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue under these contracts is generally recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, consistent with fixed priced contracts. Revenue on contracts that are not subject to maximum contract values is recognized based on the actual number of hours the Company spends on the projects plus any actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental expenditures that the Company incurs on the projects. In addition, revenue from overhead percentage recoveries and earned fees are included in revenue. Revenue is recognized as the related costs are incurred. For unit-based contracts, the Company recognizes the contract price of units of a basic production product as revenue when the production product is delivered during a period. Revenue for amounts that have been billed but not earned is deferred and such deferred revenue is referred to as billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Adjustments to contract cost estimates are made in the periods in which the facts requiring such revisions become known. When the revised estimate, for contracts that are recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, indicates a loss, such loss is provided for currently in its entirety. Claims revenue is recognized only upon resolution of the claim. Change orders in dispute are evaluated as claims. Costs related to un-priced change orders are expensed when incurred and recognition of the related contract revenue is based on an evaluation of the probability of recovery of the costs. Estimated profit is recognized for un-priced change orders if realization of the expected price of the change order is probable. 

The Company considers whether its contracts require combining for revenue recognition purposes. If certain criteria are met, revenues for related contracts may be recognized on a combined basis. With respect to the Company s contracts, it is rare that such criteria are present. The Company may enter into certain contracts which include separate phases or elements. If each phase or element is negotiated separately based on the technical resources required and/or the supply and demand for the services being provided, the Company evaluates if the contracts should be segmented.  If certain criteria are met, the contracts would be segmented which could result in revenues being assigned to the different elements or phases with different rates of profitability based on the relative value of each element or phase to the estimated total contract revenue. 

8 

Table of Contents  

Applying the percentage-of-completion method of recognizing revenue requires the Company to estimate the outcome of its long-term contracts. The Company forecasts such outcomes to the best of its knowledge and belief of current and expected conditions and its expected course of action. Differences between the Company's estimates and actual results often occur resulting in changes to reported revenue and earnings. Such changes could have a material effect on future consolidated financial statements. The Company did not have material revisions in estimates for contracts recognized using the percentage-of-completion method for any of the periods presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Service-related contracts, including operations and maintenance services and a variety of technical assistance services, are accounted for over the period of performance, in proportion to the costs of performance. Award and incentive fees are recorded when they are fixed and determinable and consider customer contract terms. 

Direct costs of contract revenue consist primarily of that portion of technical and nontechnical salaries and wages that has been incurred in connection with revenue producing projects. Direct costs of contract revenue also include production expenses, subcontractor services and other expenses that are incurred in connection with revenue producing projects. 

Direct costs of contract revenue exclude that portion of technical and nontechnical salaries and wages related to marketing efforts, vacations, holidays and other time not spent directly generating revenue under existing contracts. Such costs are included in general and administrative expenses. Additionally, payroll taxes, bonuses and employee benefit costs for all Company personnel are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations since no allocation of these costs is made to direct costs of contract revenue. No allocation of facilities costs is made to direct costs of contract revenue. Other companies may classify as direct costs of contract revenue some of the costs that the Company classifies as general and administrative costs. The Company expenses direct costs of contract revenue when incurred. 

Included in revenue and costs are all reimbursable costs for which the Company has the risk or on which the fee was based at the time of bid or negotiation. No revenue or cost is recorded for costs in which the Company acts solely in the capacity of an agent and has no risks associated with such costs. 

Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts based upon a review of all outstanding amounts on a quarterly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Credit risk is generally minimal with governmental entities, but disputes may arise related to these receivable amounts. Accounts receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivables previously written off are recorded when received. 

Retainage is included in accounts receivable in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Retainage represents the billed amount that is retained by the customer, in accordance with the terms of the contract, generally until performance is substantially complete.  At September 30, 2016 and January 1, 2016, the Company had retained accounts receivable of approximately $5.1 million and $748,000, respectively. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value of the assets acquired. Goodwill, which has an indefinite useful life, is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  

The Company tests goodwill at least annually for possible impairment. The Company completes annual testing of goodwill as of the last day of the first month of its fourth fiscal quarter each year to evaluate possible impairment. In addition to the annual test, the Company regularly evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that may indicate a potential impairment of goodwill. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $22.3 million of goodwill, which primarily relates to its Energy Efficiency Services reporting segment and the acquisition of the assets of Genesys, and the acquisitions of Abacus Resource Management Company ( Abacus ) and 360 Energy Engineers, LLC ( 360   

9 

Table of Contents  

Energy ) and also relates to its Public Finance Services reporting segment and the acquisition of Economists.com, LLC ( Economists, LLC ). 

The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the level of its reporting units, which are components of its operating segments. The process of testing goodwill for impairment involves an optional qualitative assessment on goodwill impairment of its reporting units to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. If a quantitative assessment is warranted, the Company will then determine the fair value of the applicable reporting units. To estimate the fair value of its reporting units, the Company uses both an income approach based on management s estimates of future cash flows and other market data and a market approach based upon multiples of EBITDA earned by similar public companies. 

Once the fair value is determined, the Company then compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, the Company performs an additional assessment to determine the extent of the impairment based on the implied fair value of goodwill compared with the carrying amount of the goodwill. In the event that the current implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized. 

Inherent in such fair value determinations are significant judgments and estimates, including but not limited to assumptions about future revenue, profitability and cash flows, operational plans and interpretation of current economic indicators and market valuations. To the extent these assumptions are incorrect or economic conditions that would impact the future operations of the reporting units change, any goodwill may be deemed to be impaired, and an impairment charge could result in a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable, costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts, other receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, contingent consideration and billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts, and approximate their fair values because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization or payment. The carrying amounts of debt obligations and contingent consideration approximate their fair values since the terms are comparable to terms currently offered by local lending institutions for loans of similar terms to companies with comparable credit risk. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Liquidity 

The Company had $18.6 million of cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. The Company s primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operations. The Company also has a revolving line of credit with BMO Harris Bank, National Association ( BMO ), which matures on March 24, 2017 (see Note 7). The Company intends to refinance its revolving line of credit prior to its maturity next year.  The Company believes that its cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash generated by operating activities and funds available under its line of credit (if needed and if available) will be sufficient to finance its operating activities for at least the next 12 months. 

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current period presentation.  These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 

10 

Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Statement of Cash Flows 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows: Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments     ( ASU 2016-15 ), which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-15 provides for retrospective application for all periods presented. The Company does not believe the guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), which clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when revenue is recognized by an entity. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, an entity will need to exercise a greater degree of judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued Update 2015-14, which deferred the implementation of ASU 2014-09 for one year from the initial effective date.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and is to be applied either retrospectively or using the cumulative effect transition method, with early adoption not permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method, and is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

Consolidations 

In February 2015, the FASB issued Update 2015-02, which amends the consolidation requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 810 and changes the consolidation analysis required under GAAP. The standard became effective for the Company on January 2, 2016. The impact of the new standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements was not material. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02  ,     Leases  (Topic 842)  .   The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Stock Compensation 

On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which amends the current stock compensation guidance. The amendments simplify the accounting for the taxes related to stock based compensation, including adjustments to   

11 

Table of Contents  

how excess tax benefits and a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified. The standard is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 on a prospective basis, which did not have a material impact for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

Proposed Accounting Standards 

A variety of proposed or otherwise potential accounting standards are currently being studied by standard-setting organizations and certain regulatory agencies. Because of the tentative and preliminary nature of such proposed standards, the Company has not yet determined the effect, if any, that the implementation of such proposed standards would have on its consolidated financial statements. 

2.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

On March 4, 2016, the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Willdan Energy Solutions ( WES ) acquired substantially all of the assets of Genesys Engineering P.C. ( Genesys ) and assumed certain specified liabilities of Genesys (collectively, the  Purchase ) pursuant to an Asset Purchase and Merger Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2016 (the  Agreement ), by and among the Company, WES, WESGEN (as defined below), Genesys and Ronald W. Mineo ( Mineo ) and Robert J. Braun ( Braun  and, together with Mineo, the  Genesys Shareholders ). On March 5, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, WESGEN, Inc., a non-affiliated corporation ( WESGEN ), merged (the  Merger  and, together with the Purchase, the  Acquisition ) with Genesys, with Genesys remaining as the surviving corporation.  Genesys was acquired to strengthen our power engineering capability in the northeastern U.S., and also to increase client exposure and experience with universities. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, WES or WESGEN, as applicable, paid the Genesys Shareholders an aggregate purchase price (the  Purchase Price ) of approximately $15.1 million, including post-closing working capital and tax adjustments. The Purchase Price consisted of (i) $6.0 million in cash, paid at closing, and $2.9 million paid in cash after closing for working capital and tax adjustments, (ii) a $0.6 million receivable payable to WES for working capital adjustments, (iii) 255,808 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the  Common Stock ), with a fair value on the date of closing of $2.2 million, and (iv) $4.6 million in cash, payable in twenty-four (24) equal monthly installments beginning on March 26, 2016 (the  Installment Payments ).  Until the third anniversary of the Closing Date (the  Closing Date ), the Genesys Shareholders are prohibited from transferring or disposing of any Common Stock received in connection with the Acquisition.   

The Agreement contains customary representations and warranties regarding the Company, WES, WESGEN, Genesys and the Genesys Shareholders, indemnification provisions and other provisions customary for transactions of this nature. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company and WES also provided guarantees to the Genesys Shareholders which guarantee certain of WESGEN s and Genesys  obligations under the Agreement, including the Installment Payments.  

The Company used cash on hand to pay the $8.9 million due to the Genesys Shareholders. 

Genesys continues to be a professional corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York, wholly-owned by one or more licensed engineers. Pursuant to New York law, the Company does not own capital stock of Genesys. The Company has entered into an agreement with the post-Closing Date owners of Genesys pursuant to which such owners will be prohibited from selling, transferring or encumbering their ownership interest in Genesys without the Company s consent. Notwithstanding the Company s rights regarding the transfer of Genesys  stock, the Company does not have control over the professional decision making of Genesys. The Company has entered into an administrative services agreement with Genesys pursuant to which WES will provide Genesys with ongoing administrative, operational and other non-professional support services. 

The acquisition was accounted for as business combinations in accordance with ASC 805. Under ASC 805, the Company recorded the acquired assets and assumed liabilities at their estimated fair value with the excess allocated to goodwill. Goodwill represents the value the Company expects to achieve through the operational synergies and the   

12 

Table of Contents  

expansion of the Company into new markets. The Company estimates that the entire $6.2  million of goodwill resulting from the acquisition will be tax deductible. Consideration for the acquisition includes the following: 

The following table summarizes the preliminary amounts for the acquired assets recorded at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company obtained further information on the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the Genesys acquisition and, in accordance with the authoritative guidance for business combinations, recorded purchase price adjustments as of the acquisition date to increase the fair values of intangible assets by $3.3 million and decrease other receivables by $0.3 million. These adjustments to the provisional purchase price allocations decreased goodwill by $3.0 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not completed its final estimate of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed due to the timing of the transaction and incomplete information necessary to finalize such estimates of fair value.  Therefore, the Company has preliminarily estimated the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. 

The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 assumes the acquisition of the assets of Genesys occurred on January 2, 2015 as follows: 

This pro forma supplemental information does not purport to be indicative of what the company s operating results would have been had these transactions occurred on January 2, 2015 and may not be indicative of future operating results. 

13 

Table of Contents  

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the acquisition of the assets of Genesys contributed $16.2 million and $35.6 million in revenue and $0.2 million and $0.6 million of income from operations, respectively. 

Acquisition related costs of $165,000 were expensed as incurred in general and administrative expenses, of which $56,000 was recorded by the Company during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.  There were no acquisition costs recorded during the three month period ended September 30, 2016. 

On January 15, 2015, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Willdan Energy Solutions ( WES ) completed two separate acquisitions. The Company and WES acquired all of the outstanding shares of Abacus, an Oregon-based energy engineering company. In addition, the Company and WES separately acquired substantially all of the assets of 360 Energy, a Kansas-based energy and engineering energy management consulting company.  Cash payments based on the achievement of certain financial targets were included in the purchase price for each of the acquisitions.  The Company has amended its Asset Purchase Agreement with 360 Energy to extend the term of the three-year performance goal for an additional year to the end of the Company s 2018 fiscal year to allow 360 Energy to expand into additional geographical territories.  As a result of this amendment, the Company has increased contingent consideration by $0.3 million.  Additionally, the Company has evaluated the total contingent consideration and has determined that certain financial targets will not be met and, as a result, $0.4 million, net has been reversed out of short term contingent consideration.   

3.      GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $22.3 million of goodwill, which primarily relates to the Energy Efficiency Services reporting segment and the acquisition of the assets of Genesys and the acquisitions of Abacus and 360 Energy and also relates to the Public Finance Services reporting segment and the acquisition of Economists LLC. The changes in the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

The gross amounts and accumulated amortization of the Company s acquired identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives as of September 30, 2016 included in other intangible assets, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, were as follows: 

The Company s amortization expense for acquired identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives was $0.4 million and $1.4 million for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively as compared to   

14 

Table of Contents  

$0.2 million and $0.7 million for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 2, 2015.  Estimated amortization expense for acquired identifiable intangible assets for the remainder of fiscal 2016 is $0.5 million and the succeeding years are as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company obtained further information on the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the Genesys acquisition and in accordance with the authoritative guidance for business combinations, recorded purchase price adjustments as of the acquisition date to increase the fair values of intangible assets by $3.3 million and decrease other receivables by $0.3 million.  These adjustments to the provisional purchase price allocations decreased goodwill by $3.0 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not completed its final estimate of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed due to the timing of the transaction and incomplete information necessary to finalize such estimates of fair value.  Therefore, the Company has preliminarily estimated the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.   

4.      EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares for the period. Potential common shares include the weighted-average dilutive effects of outstanding stock options using the treasury stock method. 

The following table sets forth the number of weighted-average shares used to compute basic and diluted EPS: 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 412,000 and 335,000 options were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares, respectively, as compared to 240,000 and 270,000 options for each of the same periods last year  .    These options were not included in the computation of dilutive potential common shares because the assumed proceeds per share exceeded the average market price per share for the 2016 and 2015 periods.  Accordingly, the inclusion of these options would have been anti-dilutive. 

15 

Table of Contents  

5.      EQUIPMENT AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS 

Equipment and leasehold improvements consist of the following: 

6.      ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

Accrued liabilities consist of the following: 

16 

Table of Contents  

7.      DEBT 

Total debt obligations consist of the following: 

To finance the acquisitions of Abacus and 360 Energy on January 15, 2015, the Company borrowed $2.0 million under its delayed draw term loan facility pursuant to the BMO Credit Agreement described below. The term loan bears interest at the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 2.25% and 2.75%, set at the LIBOR rate plus 2.50% as of September 30, 2016, and matures on March 24, 2017. Interest on the term loan is payable quarterly, beginning April 13, 2015. Principal on the term loan is payable on the last day of each March, June, September and December in each year, with the amount of each such principal installment equal to: (i) $75,000 on the last day of December 2016 and (ii) all of the remaining outstanding principal amount on March 24, 2017. The term loan is governed by the terms of the BMO Credit Agreement. 

On January 15, 2015, in connection with the completion of the acquisition of Abacus, WES issued promissory notes to Mark Kinzer (the  Kinzer Note ) and Steve Rubbert (the  Rubbert Note  and, together with the Kinzer Note, the  Abacus Notes ). The initial outstanding principal amounts of the Kinzer Note and the Rubbert Note were $0.6 million and   $0.6 million,   respectively. The Abacus Notes provide for a fixed interest rate of 4% per annum. The Abacus Notes are fully amortizing and payable in equal monthly installments between February 15, 2015 and their January 15, 2017 maturity date. The Abacus Notes contain events of default provisions customary for documents of this nature. Mr. Kinzer and Mr. Rubbert have entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, in favor of BMO Harris, pursuant to which any indebtedness under the Abacus Notes is subordinated to any indebtedness under the BMO Credit Agreement. Through September 30, 2016 the Company had made principal payments of approximately $0.5 million on each of the Abacus Notes and as of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance was approximately $0.1 million on each of the Abacus Notes. 

On January 15, 2015, in connection with the completion of the acquisition of 360 Energy, WES issued a promissory note to 360 Energy (the  360 Energy Note ). The initial outstanding principal amount of the 360 Energy Note was   $3.0   million. The 360 Energy Note provides for a fixed interest rate of 4% per annum. The 360 Energy Note is fully amortizing and payable in equal monthly installments between January 31, 2015 and its December 31, 2017 maturity date. The 360 Energy Note contains events of default provisions customary for documents of this nature. 360 Energy has entered into a Subordination Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, in favor of BMO Harris, pursuant to which any indebtedness under the 360 Energy Note is subordinated to any indebtedness under the BMO Credit Agreement. Through September 30, 2016 the Company had made principal payments of approximately $1.7 million on the 360 Energy Note and the outstanding balance was $1.3 million as of September 30, 2016. 

17 

Table of Contents  

The Asset Purchase and Merger Agreement for the acquisition of the assets of Genesys dated March 4, 2016, included deferred payments to Robert J. Braun ( Braun ) and Ronald W. Mineo ( Mineo ) in the amount of $2.  3   million ( Deferred Payments ), each.  The Deferred Payments are to be paid in twenty-four (24) equal monthly installments in the amount of $95,834, inclusive of interest at the rate of 0.65% per annum.  Payments commenced April 4, 2016 and conclude March 4, 2018.  Through September 30, 2016 the Company made payments of $0.6 million inclusive of interest and as of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balances on the Deferred Payments to each of Messrs. Braun and Mineo was approximately $  1.7 million  . 

BMO Credit Facility  .  The Company and its subsidiaries and Genesys, as guarantors, have entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the  BMO Credit Agreement ) with BMO Harris Bank, N.A., or BMO, that provides for a revolving line of credit of up to $7.5 million, subject to a borrowing base calculation, and a delayed draw term loan facility of up to $3.0 million. The $7.5 million revolving credit facility includes a $5.0 million standby letter of credit sub-facility. As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving line of credit, approximately $1.0 million in letters of credit outstanding under the standby letter of credit sub-facility, approximately $1.6 million in loans outstanding under the delayed draw term loan facility and, after considering the BMO Credit Agreement s borrowing base calculation and debt covenants (each as described below), $6.5 million under the revolving line of credit and $1.4 million under the delayed draw term loan facility were available for borrowing.  

The term loan bears interest, at the Company s option, at (a) the base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.25% and 1.75%, or (b) the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 2.25% and 2.75%. Borrowings under the revolving line of credit bear interest, at the Company s option, at (a) the base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.75% and 1.25%, or (b) the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.75% and 2.25%. The applicable margin is determined based on the Company s total leverage ratio. Interest on the term loan is payable quarterly, beginning April 13, 2015 and was 3.3% as of September 30, 2016. Principal on the term loan is payable on the last day of each March, June, September, and December in each year, with the amount of each such principal installment equal to: (i) $75,000 on the last day of December 2016, and (ii) all of the remaining outstanding principal amount on March 24, 2017.  The Company is currently in the process of negotiating a refinancing of the credit facility under the BMO Credit Agreement; however, the Company may not be able to refinance such facility on terms favorable to it or at all.  In the event the Company does not refinance the credit facility, the Company intends to repay any outstanding amounts with cash on hand.  The term loan is governed by the terms of the BMO Credit Agreement. 

All borrowings under the revolving line of credit are limited to a borrowing base equal to roughly 75% of the eligible accounts receivable plus 50% of the lower of cost or market value of the Company s eligible inventory, each term as defined in the BMO Credit Agreement. Under the BMO Credit Agreement, as of September 30, 2016, no cash amounts are restricted. The revolving line of credit matures on March 24, 2017 and term loans can be requested at any time prior to February 22, 2017, which would mature March 24, 2017.  

Borrowings under the term loan facility and the revolving line of credit are guaranteed by all of the Company s subsidiaries and Genesys (the  Guarantors ) and secured by all of the Company s and the Guarantors  accounts receivable and other rights to payment, general intangibles, inventory and equipment. Pursuant to the BMO Credit Agreement, the Company also must pay a fee of up to 0.3% on unused commitments and customary fees on any letters of credit drawn under the facility. 

The BMO Credit Agreement contains customary representations and affirmative covenants, including financial covenants that require the Company to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage ratio, measured as total funded debt (measured as the sum of all obligations for borrowed money, including subordinated debt, plus all capital lease obligations) plus capital leases plus financial letters of credit divided by a trailing twelve month EBITDA (as defined in the BMO Credit Agreement) measured on a rolling basis of not more than 2.0; (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (measured as the sum of EBITDA plus rent expense less unfinanced capital expenditures divided by the sum of rent expense plus principal payments plus cash taxes plus cash interest plus restricted payments plus distributions) of not less than 1.25; and (iii) a minimum tangible net worth of at least the sum of (a) the Company s tangible net worth as of December 31, 2015, plus (b) 50% of net income (only if positive) for each fiscal quarter ending after February 29, 2016, plus (c) the aggregate proceeds received by the Company from the issuance or sale of equity interests in the Company after February 29, 2016, minus (d) the aggregate dollar amount of stock repurchases after February 29, 2016, plus or   

18 

Table of Contents  

minus, as applicable, (e) 80% of any adjustments to tangible net worth of the Company arising as a result of certain acquisitions identified to BMO Harris. 

The BMO Credit Agreement also includes customary negative covenants, including (i) restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by the Company or the Guarantors other than indebtedness existing on the date of the BMO Credit Agreement, (ii) restrictions on the total consideration for all permitted acquisitions (including potential future earn-out obligations) shall not exceed $1.5 million during the term of the agreement and the total consideration for any individual permitted acquisition shall not exceed $750,000 without BMO s consent, and (iii) limitations on asset sales, mergers and acquisitions. In addition, the credit agreement includes customary events of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the interest rate may be increased by 2.0%, BMO has the option to make any loans then outstanding under the BMO Credit Agreement immediately due and payable, and BMO is no longer obligated to extend further credit to the Company under the BMO Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the BMO Credit Agreement. 

Insurance Premiums  .    The Company has also financed, from time to time, insurance premiums by entering into unsecured notes payable with insurance companies. During the Company s annual insurance renewals in the fourth quarter of its fiscal year ended January 1, 2016, the Company elected to finance its insurance premiums for the upcoming fiscal year. 

8.      COMMITMENTS 

Leases 

The Company is obligated under capital leases for certain furniture and office equipment that expire at various dates through the year 2019. 

The Company also leases certain office facilities under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through the year 2023. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

The Company has a qualified profit sharing plan pursuant to Code Section 401(a) and qualified cash or deferred arrangement pursuant to Code Section 401(k) covering substantially all employees. Employees may elect to contribute up to 50% of compensation limited to the amount allowed by tax laws. Company contributions are made solely at the discretion of the Company s board of directors. 

The Company has a discretionary bonus plan for regional managers, division managers and others as determined by the Company president. Bonuses are awarded if certain financial goals are achieved. The financial goals are not stated in the plan; rather they are judgmentally determined each year. In addition, the board of directors may declare discretionary bonuses to key employees and all employees are eligible for bonuses for outstanding performance. The Company s compensation committee of the board of directors determines the compensation of the president and chief executive officer. 

Post Employment Health Benefits 

In May 2006, the Company s board of directors approved providing lifetime health insurance coverage for Win Westfall, the Company s former chief executive officer and current chairman of the board of directors, and his spouse and for Linda Heil, the widow of the Company s former chief executive officer, Dan Heil. These benefits relate to past services provided to the Company. Accordingly, there is no unamortized compensation cost for the benefits. 

9.      INCOME TAXES 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis   

19 

Table of Contents  

of the Company s assets and liabilities, subject to a judgmental assessment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Significant judgment is applied when assessing the need for valuation allowances. Areas of estimation include the Company s consideration of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the utilization of deferred tax assets in future years, the Company would adjust the related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or charge to income.  

During fiscal year 2015, the Company assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. The Company has ultimately determined that it is not more-likely-than-not that the entire California net operating loss will be utilized prior to expiration.  Significant pieces of objective evidence evaluated included the Company s history of utilization of California net operating losses in prior years for each of its subsidiaries, as well as its forecasted amount of net operating loss utilization for certain members of the combined group.  Based on this evaluation, as of January 1, 2016, the Company recorded a valuation allowance in the amount of $73,000 related to California net operating losses.  There was no change to the valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016.  

For acquired business entities, if the Company identifies changes to acquired deferred tax asset valuation allowances or liabilities related to uncertain tax positions during the measurement period and they relate to new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, those changes are considered a measurement period adjustment and the Company records the offset to goodwill. The Company records all other changes to deferred tax asset valuation allowances and liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in current period income tax expense. 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions if it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on examination by the tax authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions. 

Based on management s estimates and determination of an effective tax rate for the year, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $0.5 million and $2.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $0.6 million and $2.9 million for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2015, respectively.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined that certain deductions related to energy efficient commercial building deductions were greater than what was estimated in the income tax provision for 2015.  Accordingly, the Company has recorded a reduction of income tax expense of approximately $0.1 million and $0.6 million as a change in estimate for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  The difference between the tax expense recorded and the expense that would be recorded by applying the federal statutory rate primarily relates to energy efficient commercial building deductions, as well as certain expenses that are non-deductible for tax purposes, including meals and entertainment, lobbying and compensation expense related to incentive stock options.  

10.      SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The Company has four reporting segments: Energy Efficiency Services, Engineering Services, Public Finance Services and Homeland Security Services. The Energy Efficiency Services segment, which consists of Willdan Energy Solutions, provides energy efficiency consulting services to utilities, state agencies, municipalities, private industry and non-profit organizations. The Engineering Services segment consists of Willdan Engineering, Willdan Infrastructure and Public Agency Resources. The Engineering Services segment offers a broad range of engineering and planning services to the Company s public and private sector clients. The Public Finance Services segment, which consists of Willdan Financial Services, provides expertise and support for the various financing techniques employed by public agencies to   

20 

Table of Contents  

finance their operations and infrastructure along with the mandated reporting and other requirements associated with these financings. The Homeland Security Services segment, which consists of Willdan Homeland Solutions, provides national preparedness, homeland security consulting, public safety and emergency response services to cities, related municipal service agencies and other entities. 

The accounting policies applied to determine the segment information are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2016. There were no intersegment sales in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or October 2, 2015. Management evaluates the performance of each segment based upon income or loss from operations before income taxes. Certain segment asset information including expenditures for long-lived assets has not been presented as it is not reported to or reviewed by the chief operating decision maker. In addition, enterprise-wide service line contract revenue is not included as it is impracticable to report this information for each group of similar services. 

Financial information with respect to the reportable segments as of and for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and as of and for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 2, 2015 is as follows: 

(1) 

Segment assets represent segment assets, net of intercompany receivables.     

11.      CONTINGENCIES 

Claims and Lawsuits 

The Company is subject to claims and lawsuits from time to time, including those alleging professional errors or omissions that arise in the ordinary course of business against firms that operate in the engineering and consulting professions. The Company carries professional liability insurance, subject to certain deductibles and policy limits, for such claims as they arise and may from time to time establish reserves for litigation that is considered probable of a loss. 

In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies, the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and discloses the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued, if such disclosure is necessary for the Company s financial statements not to be misleading. The Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. 

Because litigation outcomes are inherently unpredictable, the Company s evaluation of legal proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and   

21 

Table of Contents  

assumptions. If the assessments indicate that loss contingencies that could be material to any one of the Company s financial statements are not probable, but are reasonably possible, or are probable, but cannot be estimated, then the Company will disclose the nature of the loss contingencies, together with an estimate of the possible loss or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable. While the consequences of certain unresolved proceedings are not presently determinable, and a reasonable estimate of the probable and reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued for such proceedings cannot be made, an adverse outcome from such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Company s earnings in any given reporting period. However, in the opinion of the Company s management, after consulting with legal counsel, and taking into account insurance coverage, the ultimate liability related to current outstanding claims and lawsuits is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. 

City of Glendale v. Willdan Financial Services,   Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County 

A complaint was filed against the Company on July 16, 2014 relating to a project performed by Willdan Financial Services to prepare a Cost of Services Analysis (a  COSA ) for the Department of Water and Power of the City of Glendale, California (the  City of Glendale ).  The purpose of the COSA was to assist the City of Glendale in setting water rates for property owners.  The lawsuit alleges that the City of Glendale suffered damages due to mistakes in the COSA, as follows: the City of Glendale received less revenue than anticipated in an amount exceeding $9,000,000; the City of Glendale was required to retain another consultant to prepare a new COSA at the cost of $130,000; and the City of Glendale incurred costs associated with noticing and conducting public hearings at a cost of $83,052.  The Company denies the allegations asserted in the lawsuit and will vigorously defend against the claims.  Additionally, this matter is covered under the Company s professional liability insurance policy which has limits of $5,000,000 per claim and $10,000,000 annual aggregate. 

22 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and the audited financial statements for the year ended January 1, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-33076).  This Quarterly Report contains, in addition to unaudited historical information, forward-looking statements, which involve risk and uncertainties.  The words  believe,   expect,   estimate,   may,   will,   could,   plan,  or  continue  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Our actual results could differ significantly from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those discussed under the headings  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  We undertake no obligation to (and we expressly disclaim any obligation to) revise or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, or otherwise (except as may be required by law), in order to reflect any event or circumstance which may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 

We are a provider of professional technical and consulting services to utilities, private industry, and public agencies at all levels of government. Nationwide, we enable our clients to realize cost and energy savings by providing a wide range of specialized services.  We assist our clients with a broad range of complementary services relating to: 

Energy Efficiency and Sustainability;     

Engineering and Planning;     

Economic and Financial Consulting; and     

National Preparedness and Interoperability     

We operate our business through a network of offices located primarily in California and New York. We also have operations in Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Kansas, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Washington and Washington, DC. As of September 30, 2016 we had a staff of 798, which includes licensed engineers and other professionals.  

We seek to establish close working relationships with our clients and expand the breadth and depth of the services we provide to them over time.  Our business with public and private utilities is concentrated primarily in California and New York, but we also have business with utilities in Texas, Illinois, Ohio, Utah and Washington State. We currently serve 17 major utility customers across the country.  Our business with public agencies is primarily concentrated in California, New York, Kansas, Washington and Arizona. We provide services to many of the cities and counties in California. We also serve special districts, school districts, a range of public agencies and private industry.  

We were founded in 1964 and Willdan Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was formed in 2006 to serve as our holding company. Historically, our clients have been public agencies in communities with populations ranging from 10,000 to 300,000 people.  We believe communities of this size are underserved by large outsourcing companies that tend to focus on securing large federal and state projects, and projects for the private sector.  We consist of a family of wholly owned companies that operate within the following segments for financial reporting purposes: 

Energy Efficiency Services.     Our Energy Efficiency Services segment consists of the business of our subsidiary, Willdan Energy Solutions, which offers energy efficiency and sustainability consulting services to utilities, public agencies and private industry. This segment is currently our largest segment based on contract revenue, representing approximately 68.4% and 56.2% of our consolidated contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, respectively.  The percent of contract revenue contributed by our Energy Efficiency Services segment increased year over year primarily as a result of our acquisition of the assets of Genesys in March 2016. 

23 

Table of Contents  

Engineering Services.      Our Engineering Services segment includes the operations of our subsidiaries, Willdan Engineering, Willdan Infrastructure and Public Agency Resources ( PARs ). Willdan Engineering provides civil engineering related and city planning services, geotechnical and other engineering consulting services to our clients.  Willdan Infrastructure, which was launched in fiscal year 2013, provides engineering services to larger rail, port, water, mining and other civil engineering projects.  PARs primarily provides staffing to Willdan Engineering. Contract revenue for the Engineering Services segment represented approximately 24.3% and 32.7% of our consolidated contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, respectively. 

Public Finance Services.      Our Public Finance Services segment consists of the business of our subsidiary, Willdan Financial Services, which offers economic and financial consulting services to public agencies. Contract revenue for the Public Finance Services segment represented approximately 6.1% and 8.7% of our consolidated contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, respectively. 

Homeland Security Services.      Our Homeland Security Services segment consists of the business of our subsidiary, Willdan Homeland Solutions, which offers national preparedness and interoperability services and communications and technology solutions. Contract revenue for our Homeland Security Services segment represented approximately 1.2% and 2.4% of our consolidated contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, respectively. 

Components of Revenue and Expense 

Contract Revenue 

We provide our services under contracts, purchase orders or retainer letters. The contracts we enter into with our clients contain three principal types of pricing provisions: time and materials, unit based, and fixed price. Revenue on our time and materials and unit based contracts are recognized as the work is performed in accordance with specific terms of the contract. Approximately 23% of our contracts are based on contractual rates per hour plus costs incurred. Some of these contracts include maximum contract prices, but contract maximums are often adjusted to reflect the level of effort to achieve client objectives and thus     the majority of these contracts are not expected to exceed the maximum. Contract revenue on our fixed price contracts is determined on the percentage of completion method based generally on the ratio of direct costs incurred to date to estimated total direct costs at completion. Many of our fixed price involve a high degree of subcontracted fixed price effort and are relatively short in duration, thereby lowering the risks of not properly estimating the percent complete. 

Adjustments to contract cost estimates are made in the periods in which the facts requiring such revisions become known. When the revised estimate indicates a loss, such loss is recognized currently in its entirety. Claims revenue is recognized only upon resolution of the claim. Change orders in dispute are evaluated as claims. Costs related to un priced change orders are expensed when incurred and recognition of the related contract revenue is based on an evaluation of the probability of recovery of the costs. Estimated profit is recognized for un priced change orders if realization of the expected price of the change order is probable. 

Our contracts come up for renewal periodically and at the time of renewal may be subject to renegotiation, which could impact the profitability on that contract. In addition, during the term of a contract, public agencies may request additional or revised services which may impact the economics of the transaction. Most of our contracts permit our clients, with prior notice, to terminate the contracts at any time without cause. While we have a large volume of transactions, the renewal, termination or modification of a contract, in particular our small business direct install contract with Consolidated Edison, may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operations. 

Direct Costs of Contract Revenue 

Direct costs of contract revenue consist primarily of that portion of technical and nontechnical salaries and wages that have been incurred in connection with revenue producing projects. Direct costs of contract revenue also   

24 

Table of Contents  

include production expenses, subcontractor services, materials, equipment and other expenses that are incurred in connection with revenue producing projects. Direct costs of contract revenue exclude that portion of technical and nontechnical salaries and wages related to marketing efforts, vacations, holidays and other time not spent directly generating revenue under existing contracts. Such costs are included in general and administrative expenses. Additionally, payroll taxes, bonuses and employee benefit costs for all of our personnel are included in general and administrative expenses since no allocation of these costs is made to direct costs of contract revenue. No allocation of facilities costs is made to direct costs of contract revenue. 

Other companies may classify as direct costs of contract revenue some of the costs that we classify as general and administrative costs. We expense direct costs of contract revenue when incurred. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses include the costs of the marketing and support staffs, other marketing expenses, management and administrative personnel costs, payroll taxes, bonuses and employee benefits for all of our employees and the portion of salaries and wages not allocated to direct costs of contract revenue for those employees who provide our services. General and administrative expenses also include facility costs, depreciation and amortization, professional services, legal and accounting fees and administrative operating costs. Within general and administrative expenses,  Other  includes expenses such as provision for billed or unbilled receivables, professional services, legal and accounting, computer costs, travel and entertainment, marketing costs and acquisition costs. We expense general and administrative costs as incurred. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S., or GAAP. To prepare these financial statements in conformity with GAAP, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We have provided a summary of our significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016. We describe below those accounting policies that require material subjective or complex judgments and that have the most significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable as of the date of this report. 

Contract Accounting 

We enter into contracts with our clients that contain various types of pricing provisions, including fixed price, time-and-materials, unit-based, and service related provisions. The following table reflects our four reportable segments and the types of contracts that each most commonly enters into for revenue generating activities. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Types of Contract  

Segment  

(Revenue Recognition Method)  

Energy Efficiency Services  

Unit-based and time-and-materials             (percentage-of-completion method)  

Engineering Services  

Time-and-materials, unit-based and fixed price (percentage-of-completion method)  

Public Finance Services  

Service related contracts                   (proportional performance method)  

Homeland Security Services  

Service related contracts                   (proportional performance method)  

Revenue on fixed price contracts is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method based generally on the ratio of direct costs (primarily exclusive of depreciation and amortization costs) incurred to date to estimated total direct costs at completion. Revenue on time-and-materials and unit-based contracts is recognized as the work is performed in accordance with the specific terms of the contract. We recognize revenues for time-and-material contracts based upon the actual hours incurred during a reporting period at contractually agreed upon rates per hour and also include in revenue all reimbursable costs incurred during a reporting period for which we have risk or on which the fee was based at the time of bid or negotiation. Certain of our time-and-material contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue under these contracts is generally recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, consistent with fixed priced contracts. Revenue on contracts that are not subject to maximum contract values is recognized based on the actual number of hours we spend on the projects plus any actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental expenditures that we incur on the projects. In addition, revenue from overhead percentage recoveries and earned fees are included in revenue. Revenue is recognized as the related costs are incurred. For unit-based contracts, we recognize the contract price of units of a basic production product as revenue when the production product is delivered during a period. Revenue for amounts that have been billed but not earned is deferred and such deferred revenue is referred to as billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

Adjustments to contract cost estimates are made in the periods in which the facts requiring such revisions become known. When the revised estimate, for contracts that are recognized under the percentage-of-completion method, indicates a loss, such loss is provided for currently in its entirety. Claims revenue is recognized only upon resolution of the claim. Change orders in dispute are evaluated as claims. Costs related to un-priced change orders are expensed when incurred and recognition of the related contract revenue is based on an evaluation of the probability of recovery of the costs. Estimated profit is recognized for un-priced change orders if realization of the expected price of the change order is probable. 

We consider whether our contracts require combining for revenue recognition purposes. If certain criteria are met, revenues for related contracts may be recognized on a combined basis. With respect to our contracts, it is rare that such criteria are present. We may enter into certain contracts which include separate phases or elements. If each phase or element is negotiated separately based on the technical resources required and/or the supply and demand for the services being provided, we evaluate if the contracts should be segmented.  If certain criteria are met, the contracts would be segmented which could result in revenues being assigned to the different elements or phases with different rates of profitability based on the relative value of each element or phase to the estimated total contract revenue.  

Applying the percentage-of-completion method of recognizing revenue requires us to estimate the outcome of our long-term contracts. We forecast such outcomes to the best of our knowledge and belief of current and expected conditions and our expected course of action. Differences between our estimates and actual results often occur resulting in changes to reported revenue and earnings. Such changes could have a material effect on future consolidated financial statements. We did not have material revisions in estimates for contracts recognized using the percentage-of-completion method for any of the periods presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Service-related contracts, including operations and maintenance services and a variety of technical assistance services, are accounted for over the period of performance, in proportion to the costs of performance. Award and incentive fees are recorded when they are fixed and determinable and consider customer contract terms. 

Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts based upon our review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis. We determine the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Our credit risk is minimal with governmental entities. Accounts receivable are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written off are recorded when received. For further information on the types of contracts under which we perform our services, see  Business - Contract Structure  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016. 

Business Combinations 

The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business combination date and to refine those estimates as necessary during the measurement period (defined as the period, not to exceed one year, in which we may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for a business combination) based upon new information about facts that existed on the business combination date. 

Under the acquisition method of accounting, we recognize separately from goodwill the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree, at the acquisition date fair value. We measure goodwill as of the acquisition date as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Costs that we incur to complete the business combination such as investment banking, legal and other professional fees are not considered part of consideration.  We charge these acquisition costs to other general and administrative expense as they are incurred. 

Should the initial accounting for a business combination be incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period, we report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date and we record those adjustments to our financial statements.   We recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, including the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. 

On March 4, 2016, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary, WES, acquired substantially all of the assets and certain specified liabilities of Genesys Engineering P.C. ( Genesys ), a New York based energy engineering company.  For further discussion of our acquisitions, see Note 2   Business Combinations  of notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

As of September 30, 2016, we have not completed our final estimate of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed due to the timing of the transaction and incomplete information necessary to finalize such estimates of fair value.  Accordingly, we have preliminarily estimated the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.  We will finalize the fair value estimates within twelve months of the acquisition date.  See Note 2   Business Combinations  of notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill 

We test our goodwill at least annually for possible impairment. We complete our annual testing of goodwill as of the last day of the first month of our fourth fiscal quarter each year to determine whether there is impairment. In addition to our annual test, we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that may indicate a   

27 

Table of Contents  

potential impairment of goodwill. We did not recognize any goodwill impairment charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015. We had goodwill of approximately $22.3 million as of September 30, 2016 as the result of two acquisitions in January 2015, one acquisition in April 2015 and one acquisition in March 2016. 

We test our goodwill for impairment at the level of our reporting units, which are components of our operating segments. In September 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011 08 ( ASU 2011 08 ),   Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment  . This accounting guidance allows companies to perform a qualitative assessment on goodwill impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. If a quantitative assessment is warranted, we then determine the fair value of the applicable reporting units. To estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use both an income approach based on management s estimates of future cash flows and other market data and a market approach based upon multiples of EBITDA earned by similar public companies. 

Once the fair value is determined, we then compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, we perform an additional assessment to determine the extent of the impairment based on the implied fair value of goodwill compared with the carrying amount of the goodwill. In the event that the current implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized. 

Inherent in such fair value determinations are significant judgments and estimates, including but not limited to assumptions about our future revenue, profitability and cash flows, our operational plans and our interpretation of current economic indicators and market valuations. To the extent these assumptions are incorrect or economic conditions that would impact the future operations of our reporting units change, any goodwill may be deemed to be impaired, and an impairment charge could result in a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operation. All of our goodwill is contained in our Energy Efficiency Services and Public Finance Services Segments. At our measurement date, the estimated fair value of our Energy Solutions and Public Finance Services reporting unit exceeded the carrying value.  A reduction in estimated fair value of our Willdan Energy Solutions and Public Finance Services reporting unit could result in an impairment charge in future periods. 

Accounting for Claims Against the Company 

We accrue an undiscounted liability related to claims against us for which the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We disclose the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued, if such disclosure is necessary for our financial statements not to be misleading. We do not accrue liabilities related to claims when the likelihood that a loss has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. Losses related to recorded claims are included in general and administrative expenses. 

Determining probability and estimating claim amounts is highly judgmental. Initial accruals and any subsequent changes in our estimates could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis of our assets and liabilities, subject to a judgmental assessment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Significant judgment is applied when assessing the need for valuation allowances. Areas of estimation include our consideration of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the utilization of deferred tax assets in future years, we would adjust the related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or charge to income.  

28 

Table of Contents  

During fiscal year 2015, we assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. We have ultimately determined that it is not more-likely-than-not that the entire California net operating loss will be utilized prior to expiration.  Significant pieces of objective evidence evaluated included our history of utilization of California net operating losses in prior years for each of our subsidiaries, as well as our forecasted amount of net operating loss utilization for certain members of the combined group.  Based on this evaluation, as of January 1, 2016, we recorded a valuation allowance in the amount of $73,000 related to California net operating losses.  There was no change to the valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016. 

For acquired business entities, if we identify changes to acquired deferred tax asset valuation allowances or liabilities related to uncertain tax positions during the measurement period and they relate to new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, those changes are considered a measurement period adjustment and we record the offset to goodwill. We record all other changes to deferred tax asset valuation allowances and liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in current period income tax expense. 

We recognize the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions if it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on examination by the tax authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain information derived from our consolidated statements of operations expressed as a percentage of contract revenue. Amounts may not add to the totals due to rounding. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended October 2, 2015 

29 

Table of Contents  

Contract revenue      Our contract revenue was $58.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, with $42.0 million attributable to the Energy Efficiency Services segment, $12.9 million attributable to the Engineering Services segment, $3.2 million attributable to the Public Finance Services segment, and $0.6 million attributable to the Homeland Security Services segment. Consolidated contract revenue increased $25.2 million, or 75.1%, to $58.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $33.5 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015. Included in our consolidated contract revenue and contract revenue in our Energy Efficiency Services segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was incremental contract revenue of $16.2 million attributable to our acquisition of the assets of Genesys that we completed on March 4, 2016.  Excluding the incremental contract revenue from such acquisition, our consolidated contract revenue increased by $9.0 million primarily due to new contracts for energy efficiency services in California, Washington and New York.   

Contract revenue in our Energy Efficiency Services segment increased $24.2 million, or 135.7%, to $42.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $17.8 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  Excluding incremental revenue from our acquisition of the assets of Genesys, revenue in our Energy Efficiency Services segment increased as a result of increased revenue generated from new contracts for energy efficiency services in California, Washington and New York.  Contract revenue for the Engineering Services segment increased $1.3 million, or 11.4%, to $12.9 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $11.6 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015. Contract revenue for the Engineering Services segment increased primarily due to greater demand for our city engineering services in California, our building and safety services, and our construction management services. Contract revenue for the Public Finance Services segment remained relatively flat at 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $3.3 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  Contract revenue for the Homeland Security Services segment decreased by $0.2 million, or 31.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 to $0.6 million as compared to $0.8 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015. Revenue in the Homeland Security Services segment decreased due to slightly lower levels of activity in the traditional planning, training and exercise consulting services business.  

Direct costs of contract revenue.      Direct costs of contract revenue were $42.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, with $33.2 million attributable to the Energy Efficiency Services segment, $7.6 million attributable to the Engineering Services segment, $1.4 million attributable to the Public Finance Services segment, and $0.4 million attributable to the Homeland Security Services segment. Included in direct costs of contract revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was incremental direct costs of revenue of $14.7 million attributable to our acquisition of the assets of Genesys. Overall, direct costs increased by $21.6 million, or 103.1%, to $42.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $21.0 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  This increase is primarily attributable to increases in direct costs within our Energy Efficiency Services of $20.6 million, or 164.6%, which includes $14.7 million contributed by Genesys. Excluding the acquisition of the assets of Genesys for the Energy Efficiency Services segment, direct costs increased by $5.9 million, primarily due to an increase in subcontractor services and higher production expenses. Direct costs for the Engineering Services and Public Finance Services segments increased $0.8 million, or 11.5%, and $0.1 million, or 10.0%, respectively. Direct costs of contract revenue in our Homeland Security Services segment remained flat.  

Direct costs increased as a result of increases in salaries and wages of $2.7 million and an increase in subcontractor services and other direct costs of $18.9 million. Within direct costs of contract revenue, salaries and wages decreased to 17.8% of contract revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 23.1% for the three months ended October 2, 2015 and subcontractor services and other direct costs increased to 54.8% of contract revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 39.4% of contract revenue for the three months ended October 2, 2015. Subcontractor services increased primarily because of increased demand for the energy efficiency, sustainability and renewable energy services of our subsidiary Willdan Energy Solutions, which generally utilizes a higher percentage of subcontractors than our other segments.  

General and administrative expenses.      General and administrative expenses increased by $2.1 million, or 19.5%, to $13.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.9 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015. This was due primarily to increases of $2.0 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million, in general and administrative expenses of the Energy Efficiency Services, Engineering Services and Public Finance Services segments, respectively and partially offset by a decrease of $0.1 million in the Homeland Security Services segment.  Unallocated   

30 

Table of Contents  

corporate expenses remained flat.  General and administrative expenses as a percentage of contract revenue decreased to 22.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 32.6% for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  

Of the $2.1 million increase in general and administrative expenses, approximately $1.8 million relates to increases in salaries and wages, payroll taxes and employee benefits. The increase in employee related costs primarily resulted from increased headcount within our Energy Efficiency and Engineering Services segments.  As noted under  Components of Revenue and Expenses-Direct Costs of Contract Revenue,  we include salaries and wages not spent directly generating revenue under existing contracts in general and administrative expenses.  Other general and administrative expenses increased by $0.1 million. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $0.4 million. Facilities and facility related expenses decreased by $0.2 million. Stock-based compensation expenses increased by $0.1 million.  

Income from operations.       As a result of the above factors, our operating income was $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to operating income of $1.6 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  Income from operations as a percentage of contract revenue was 5.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 4.9% in the prior year period.  

Total other expense, net.      Total other expense, net was $43,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to total other expense, net of $233,000 for the three months ended October 2, 2015. This decrease in expense is primarily the result of lower interest expense during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

Income tax expense.      Income tax expense was $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $0.6 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  The decrease of $0.1 million, or 12.5% is primarily due to energy efficient commercial building deductions under Internal Revenue Code 179D that we are utilizing in 2016. We determined that certain deductions related to energy efficient commercial building deductions were greater than what was estimated in the income tax provision for 2015.  Accordingly, we have recorded a reduction of income tax expense of approximately $0.1 million as a change in estimate for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The difference between the tax expense recorded and the expense that would be recorded by applying the federal statutory rate primarily relates to energy efficient commercial building deductions, as well as certain expenses that are non-deductible for federal tax purposes, including meals and entertainment, lobbying and compensation expense related to incentive stock options.  Additionally, the income tax expense in the current quarter reflects an adjustment to the tax effected value of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from changes in the estimated effective state income tax rate.  

Net income.       As a result of the above factors, our net income was $2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net income of $0.8 million for the three months ended October 2, 2015.  

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine months ended October 2, 2015 

Contract revenue  .    Our contract revenue was $151.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with $103.6 million attributable to the Energy Efficiency Services segment, $36.9 million attributable to the Engineering Services segment, $9.2 million attributable to the Public Finance Services segment, and $1.9 million attributable to the Homeland Security Services segment. Consolidated contract revenue increased $47.9 million, or 46.3%, to $151.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $103.6 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. Included in our consolidated contract revenue and contract revenue in our Energy Efficiency Services segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was incremental contract revenue of $35.6 million attributable to the acquisition of the assets of Genesys that we completed on March 4, 2016.  Excluding the incremental contract revenue from such acquisition, our consolidated contract revenue increased by $12.3 million, primarily due to a delayed 2016 ConEd contract extension that was resolved during the second quarter. 

Contract revenue in our Energy Efficiency Services segment increased $45.3 million, or 77.8%, to $103.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $58.3 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  Excluding the incremental contract revenue from our acquisition of the assets of Genesys, our contract revenue for the Energy Efficiency Services segment increased by $9.7 million, primarily as a result of increased revenue   

31 

Table of Contents  

generated from our ConEd programs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period last year.  Contract revenue for the Engineering Services and Public Finance Services segments increased $3.0 million, or 8.8%, and $0.2 million, or 2.5%, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended October 2, 2015. Contract revenue for the Engineering Services segment increased primarily due to greater demand for our building and safety services in California and Arizona and our construction management services. These increases were offset by a decrease in contract revenue for the Homeland Security Services segment of $0.6 million, or 23.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $1.9 million as compared to $2.5 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  Revenue in the Homeland Security Services segment decreased due to slightly lower levels of activity in the traditional planning, training, and exercise consulting services business. 

Direct costs of contract revenue.      Direct costs of contract revenue were $103.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with $77.7 million attributable to the Energy Efficiency Services segment, $20.9 million attributable to the Engineering Services segment,  $4.1 million attributable to the Public Finance Services segment, and $1.2 million attributable to the Homeland Security Services segment.  Included in direct costs of contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was incremental direct costs of contract revenue of $31.9 million attributable to our acquisition of the assets of Genesys.  Overall, direct costs increased by $40.3 million, or 63.3%, to $103.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $63.7 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  This increase is primarily attributable to increases in direct costs within our Energy Efficiency Services segment of $38.4 million, or 97.8%, $31.9 million of which was contributed by Genesys.  Excluding the acquisition of the assets of Genesys, direct costs within the Energy Efficiency Services segment increased by $6.5 million, primarily as a result of the increase in subcontractor services utilized and higher production expenses.  Direct costs for the Engineering Services and Public Finance Services segments increased $1.6 million, or 8.1%, and $0.5 million, or 13.0%, respectively. Direct costs of contract revenue in our Homeland Security Services segment decreased by $0.2 million or 13.3%. 

Direct costs increased as a result of an increase in salaries and wages of $4.8 million and subcontractor services and other costs of $35.4 million. Within direct costs of contract revenue, salaries and wages decreased to 19.0% of contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 23.1% for the nine months ended October 2, 2015 and subcontractor services and other direct costs increased to 49.6% of contract revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 38.3% of contract revenue for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. Subcontractor services increased primarily due to the increased use of subcontractors to perform work primarily for Genesys in our Energy Efficiency Services segment.  

General and administrative expenses.      General and administrative expenses increased by $5.9 million, or 17.9%, to $38.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $32.9 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. This was due primarily to increases of $5.6 million, $0.2 million, $0.2 million and $0.1 million in general and administrative expenses of the Energy Efficiency Services, the Engineering Services, the Public Finance Services segments and unallocated corporate expense, respectively.  General and administrative expenses in our Homeland Security Service segment decreased by $0.2 million.  General and administrative expenses as a percentage of contract revenue decreased to 25.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 31.7% for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. 

Of the $5.9 million increase in general and administrative expenses, approximately $4.0 million, $0.3 million, $1.0 million and $0.8 million relates to increases in salaries and wages, stock compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, and other general and administrative expenses, respectively.  Facilities and facility related expenses decreased by $0.2 million. 

Income from operations.       As a result of the above factors, our operating income was $8.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to operating income of $7.1 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  The increase in income from operations was primarily due to higher revenue in the Energy Efficiency Services segment. Income from operations as a percentage of contract revenue was 5.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 6.8% in the prior year period. 

32 

Table of Contents  

Total other expense, net.      Total other expense, net was $135,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $323,000 for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. This decrease in expense is primarily due to a reduction in interest expense. 

Income tax expense.      Income tax expense was $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2.9 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  The decrease of $0.9 million, or 30.7% is primarily due to energy efficient commercial building deductions under Internal Revenue Code 179D that we are utilizing in 2016.  We determined that certain deductions related to energy efficient commercial building deductions were greater than what was estimated in the income tax provision for 2015.  Accordingly, the Company has recorded a reduction of income tax expense of approximately $0.6 million as a change in estimate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The difference between the tax expense recorded and the expense that would be recorded by applying the federal statutory rate primarily relates to energy efficient commercial building deductions, as well as certain expenses that are non-deductible for federal tax purposes, including meals and entertainment, lobbying and compensation expense related to incentive stock options.  

Net income.       As a result of the above factors, our net income was $6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net income of $3.9 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2016, we had $18.6 million of cash and cash equivalents.  Our cash increased by $2.1 million since January 1, 2016 primarily due to cash generated from operations of $16.7 million offset by our payment of $8.9 million in cash for the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Genesys and payments of $4.4 million for contingent consideration and on notes payable related to our acquisitions.  Our primary source of liquidity is cash generated from operations.  We also have a revolving line of credit with BMO Harris Bank, N.A., which matures on March 24, 2017 and provides for a revolving line of credit of up to $7.5 million, subject to a borrowing base calculation, and a delayed draw term loan facility of up to $3.0 million. We are currently in the process of negotiating a refinancing of the credit facility under the BMO Credit Agreement; however, we may not be able to refinance such credit facility on terms favorable to us or at all.  In the event we do not refinance the credit facility, we intend to repay any outstanding amounts due with cash on hand.  We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash generated by operating activities and available borrowings under our revolving line of credit will be sufficient to finance our operating activities for at least the next 12 months. 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Cash flows provided by operating activities were $16.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to cash flows provided by operating activities of $5.7 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  The cash flows provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were comparatively higher than the prior period due to an increase in cash flows from collections of accounts receivable, and increases in accrued liabilities and net income, partially offset by decreases in cash flows related to costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts.  

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities were $10.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash flows used in investing activities of $9.8 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. The cash flows used in investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to cash paid in March 2016 for the acquisition of the assets of Genesys. We used cash for investing activities during the nine months ended October 2, 2015 primarily for the acquisitions of Abacus and 360 Energy on January 15, 2015 and Economists LLC on April 3, 2015.  Capital expenditures remained relatively unchanged. 

33 

Table of Contents  

Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash flows used in financing activities were $4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of $0.6 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015.  The cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to payments on notes payable to Abacus and 360 Energy and cash paid for earn-out payments owed to the sellers of 360 Energy, which we acquired in January 2015.  The cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended October 2, 2015 was primarily attributable to proceeds from notes payable and proceeds from stock option exercises, which were partially offset by payments on notes payable to Abacus and 360 Energy.  

Outstanding indebtedness 

BMO Credit Facility  .  We and our subsidiaries and Genesys, as guarantors, have entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the  BMO Credit Agreement ) with BMO Harris Bank, N.A., or BMO, that provides for a revolving line of credit of up to $7.5 million, subject to a borrowing base calculation, and a delayed draw term loan facility of up to $3.0 million. The $7.5 million revolving credit facility includes a $5.0 million standby letter of credit sub-facility. As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving line of credit, approximately $1.0 million in letters of credit outstanding under the standby letter of credit sub-facility, approximately $1.6 million in loans outstanding under the delayed draw term loan facility and, after considering the BMO Credit Agreement s borrowing base calculation and debt covenants (each as described below), $6.5 million under the revolving line of credit and $1.4 million under the delayed draw term loan facility were available for borrowing. 

The term loan bears interest, at our option, at (a) the base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.25% and 1.75%, or (b) the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 2.25% and 2.75%. Borrowings under the revolving line of credit bear interest, at our option, at (a) the base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.75% and 1.25%, or (b) the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.75% and 2.25%. The applicable margin is determined based on our total leverage ratio. Interest on the term loan is payable quarterly, beginning April 13, 2015 and was 3.1% as of September 30, 2016. Principal on the term loan is payable on the last day of each March, June, September, and December in each year, with the amount of each such principal installment equal to: (i) $75,000 on the last day of December 2016, and (ii) all of the remaining outstanding principal amount on March 24, 2017. The Company is currently in the process of negotiating a refinancing of the credit facility under the BMO Credit Agreement; however, the Company may not be able to refinance such facility on terms favorable to it or at all.  In the event the Company does not refinance the credit facility, the Company intends to repay any outstanding amounts with cash on hand.  The term loan is governed by the terms of the BMO Credit Agreement. 

All borrowings under the revolving line of credit are limited to a borrowing base equal to roughly 75% of the eligible accounts receivable plus 50% of the lower of cost or market value of our eligible inventory, each term as defined in the BMO Credit Agreement. Under the BMO Credit Agreement, as of September 30, 2016, no cash amounts are restricted. The revolving line of credit matures on March 24, 2017 and term loans can be requested at any time prior to February 22, 2017, which would mature March 24, 2017. 

Borrowings under the term loan facility and the revolving line of credit are guaranteed by all of our subsidiaries and Genesys (the  Guarantors ) and secured by all of our and the Guarantors  accounts receivable and other rights to payment, general intangibles, inventory and equipment. Pursuant to the BMO Credit Agreement, we also must pay a fee of up to 0.3% on unused commitments and customary fees on any letters of credit drawn under the facility. 

The BMO Credit Agreement contains customary representations and affirmative covenants, including financial covenants that require us to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage ratio, measured as total funded debt (measured as the sum of all obligations for borrowed money, including subordinated debt, plus all capital lease obligations) plus capital leases plus financial letters of credit divided by a trailing twelve month EBITDA (as defined in the BMO Credit Agreement) measured on a rolling basis of not more than 2.0; (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (measured as the sum of EBITDA plus rent expense less unfinanced capital expenditures divided by the sum of rent expense plus principal payments plus cash taxes plus cash interest plus restricted payments plus distributions) of not less than 1.25; and (iii) a minimum tangible net worth of at least the sum of (a) our tangible net worth as of December 31, 2015, plus (b)   

34 

Table of Contents  

50% of net income (only if positive) for each fiscal quarter ending after February 29, 2016, plus (c) the aggregate proceeds received by us from the issuance or sale of equity interests in us after February 29, 2016, minus (d) the aggregate dollar amount of stock repurchases after February 29, 2016, plus or minus, as applicable, (e) 80% of any adjustments to tangible net worth of us arising as a result of certain acquisitions identified to BMO Harris. 

The BMO Credit Agreement also includes customary negative covenants, including (i) restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness by us or the Guarantors other than indebtedness existing on the date of the BMO Credit Agreement, (ii) restrictions on the total consideration for all permitted acquisitions (including potential future earn-out obligations) shall not exceed $1.5 million during the term of the agreement and the total consideration for any individual permitted acquisition shall not exceed $750,000 without BMO s consent, and (iii) limitations on asset sales, mergers and acquisitions. In addition, the credit agreement includes customary events of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the interest rate may be increased by 2.0%, BMO has the option to make any loans then outstanding under the BMO Credit Agreement immediately due and payable, and BMO is no longer obligated to extend further credit to us under the BMO Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants under the BMO Credit Agreement. 

Insurance Premiums  . We have also financed, from time to time, insurance premiums by entering into unsecured notes payable with insurance companies. During our annual insurance renewals in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended January 1, 2016, we elected to finance our insurance premiums for the upcoming fiscal year. 

Contractual obligations 

Since January 1, 2016, we closed our acquisition of the assets of Genesys.  In connection with that acquisition, we agreed to pay $4.6 million of the purchase price in cash, payable in twenty-four (24) equal monthly installments of $191,667 beginning on April 4, 2016.  We also paid $8.9 million in cash, using our cash on hand, on March 4, 2016, the closing date of the acquisition. 

As noted in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016, and as further discussed in Note 2    Business Combinations  we are obligated to pay up to $7.9 million in earn-out payments in connection with our acquisition of Abacus and 360 Energy. We are obligated to pay (i) up to $1.4 million in cash, based on the achievement of certain financial targets by Abacus by the end of our 2016 and 2017 fiscal years and (ii) up to $6.5 million in cash, based on the achievement of certain financial targets by WES s division made up of the assets acquired from, and the former employees of 360 Energy, by the end of our 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years. We have amended our Asset Purchase Agreement with 360 Energy to extend the term of the three-year performance goal for an additional year to the end of our 2018 fiscal year to allow 360 Energy to expand into additional geographical territories.  As a result of this amendment, we have increased contingent consideration by $0.3 million.  Additionally, we have evaluated the total contingent consideration and have determined that certain financial targets will not be met and, as a result, $0.4 million, net has been reversed out of short term contingent consideration. 

On April 3, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, WFS closed its acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Economists LLC. WFS may be obligated to pay Economists LLC up to $0.6 million in cash, based on the achievement of certain financial targets by the WFS division made up of the assets acquired from, and the former employees of Economists LLC at the end of our 2016 and 2017 fiscal years. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Other than operating lease commitments, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or liabilities. In addition, our policy is not to enter into derivative instruments, futures or forward contracts. Finally, we do not have any majority-owned subsidiaries or any interests in, or relationships with, any special-purpose entities that are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 

35 

Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Statement of Cash Flows 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows: Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ), which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-15 provides for retrospective application for all periods presented. We do not believe the guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), which clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when revenue is recognized by an entity. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, an entity will need to exercise a greater degree of judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. In August 2015, the FASB issued Update 2015-14, which deferred the implementation of ASU 2014-09 for one year from the initial effective date.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and is to be applied either retrospectively or using the cumulative effect transition method, with early adoption not permitted. We have not yet selected a transition method, and are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

Consolidations 

In February 2015, the FASB issued Update 2015-02, which amends the consolidation requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 810 and changes the consolidation analysis required under GAAP. The standard became effective for us on January 2, 2016. The impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements was not material. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases    (topic 842)  .   The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Stock Compensation 

On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which amends the current stock compensation guidance. The amendments simplify the accounting for the taxes related to stock-based compensation, including adjustments to how excess tax benefits and a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified. The standard is effective   

36 

Table of Contents  

for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 on a prospective basis, which did not have a material impact for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Proposed Accounting Standards 

A variety of proposed or otherwise potential accounting standards are currently being studied by standard-setting organizations and certain regulatory agencies. Because of the tentative and preliminary nature of such proposed standards, we have not yet determined the effect, if any, that the implementation of such proposed standards would have on our consolidated financial statements. 

37 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

In addition to current and historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to our future operations, prospects, potential products, services, developments and business strategies. These statements can, in some cases, be identified by the use of words like  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   intend,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   project,   potential,  or  continue  or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. This report includes, among others, forward-looking statements regarding our: 

Ability to achieve energy savings goals on our contracts;     

Expectations about future customers;     

Expectations regarding the industries and geographies that we primarily serve, including the impact of economic conditions in those industries and geographies;     

Ability to successfully integrate our recent acquisitions;     

Expectations about our service offerings;     

Expectations about our ability to cross-sell additional services to existing clients;     

Expectations about our intended geographical expansion;     

Expectations about our ability to attract and retain executive officers and key employees;     

Expectations about the impact of legislation on our business and that of our customers;     

Evaluation of the materiality of our current legal proceedings; and     

Expectations about positive cash flow generation and existing cash and cash equivalents being sufficient to meet normal operating requirements.     

These statements involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, those listed in this report.  The forward-looking statements in this report, as well as subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf, are hereby expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this report, including the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016.  We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect actual results or future events or circumstances. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Market risk is the risk of loss to future earnings, to fair values or to future cash flows that may result from changes in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes. Market risk is attributed to all market risk sensitive financial instruments, including long-term debt. 

We had cash and cash equivalents of $18.6 million as of September 30, 2016. This amount represents cash on hand in business checking accounts with BMO Harris Bank. 

We do not engage in trading activities and do not participate in foreign currency transactions or utilize derivative financial instruments. 

38 

Table of Contents  

We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with borrowings under our revolving line of credit and delayed draw term loan facility, each of which bears interest at variable rates. At September 30, 2016, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $7.5 million revolving credit facility, with $7.5 million available for borrowing after considering the credit agreement s borrowing base calculation and debt covenants, and we had approximately $1.6 million of term loans outstanding that bear interest at variable rates.  Borrowings under our revolving line of credit will accrue interest at either (i) a floating rate equal to 0.75% above the base rate in effect from time to time or (ii) a floating rate equal to 1.75% above LIBOR, with the interest rate to be selected by us.  Our term loan bears interest at the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin ranging between 2.25% and 2.75%, currently set at the LIBOR rate plus 2.50%, or 3.1% as of September 30, 2016 and matures on March 24, 2017. We do not have any interest rate hedges or swaps.  Based upon the amount outstanding under these loans, a one percentage point change in the assumed interest rate would change our annual interest expense by approximately $15,650 in 2016. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas Brisbin, and our Chief Financial Officer, Stacy McLaughlin, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, as of September 30, 2016. No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

39 

Table of Contents  

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   

We are subject to claims and lawsuits from time to time, including those alleging professional errors or omissions that arise in the ordinary course of business against firms, like ours, that operate in the engineering and consulting professions. We carry professional liability insurance, subject to certain deductibles and policy limits, for such claims as they arise and may from time to time establish reserves for litigation that is considered probable of a loss. 

In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies, we accrue an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and we disclose the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued, if such disclosure is necessary for our financial statements not to be misleading. We do not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. 

Because litigation outcomes are inherently unpredictable, our evaluation of legal proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. If the assessments indicate that loss contingencies that could be material to any one of our financial statements are not probable, but are reasonably possible, or are probable, but cannot be estimated, then we disclose the nature of the loss contingencies, together with an estimate of the possible loss or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable. While the consequences of certain unresolved proceedings are not presently determinable, and a reasonable estimate of the probable and reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued for such proceedings cannot be made, an adverse outcome from such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our earnings in any given reporting period. However, in the opinion of our management, after consulting with legal counsel, and taking into account insurance coverage, the ultimate liability related to current outstanding claims and lawsuits is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

City of Glendale v. Willdan Financial Services,   Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County 

A complaint was filed against us on July 16, 2014 relating to a project performed by Willdan Financial Services to prepare a Cost of Services Analysis (a  COSA ) for the Department of Water and Power of the City of Glendale, California (the  City of Glendale ). The purpose of the COSA was to assist the City of Glendale in setting water rates for property owners. The lawsuit alleges that the City of Glendale suffered damages due to mistakes in the COSA, as follows: the City of Glendale received less revenue than anticipated in an amount exceeding $9,000,000; the City of Glendale was required to retain another consultant to prepare a new COSA at the cost of $130,000; and the City of Glendale incurred costs associated with noticing and conducting public hearings at a cost of $83,052. We deny the allegations asserted in the lawsuit and will vigorously defend against the claims. Additionally, this matter is covered by our professional liability insurance policy up to its policy limits. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

There are no material changes to the risk factors set forth in  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None. 

Item 3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities   

None. 

40 

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information   

None. 

Item 6.  Exhibits   

Exhibit Number  

Exhibit Description  

2.1 

*  

Amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 15, 2015, among Willdan Energy Solutions, Willdan Group, Inc. and 360 Energy Engineers, LLC.  

3.1 

First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Willdan Group, Inc., including amendments thereto (1)  

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Willdan Group, Inc. (2)  

4.1 

Specimen Stock Certificate for shares of the Registrant s Common Stock (1)  

4.2 

The Company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request a copy of each instrument with respect to issues of long-term debt of Willdan Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the consolidated assets of Willdan Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  

10.1 

Form of Director and Officer Indemnification (3).  

10.2 

Willdan Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Performance Incentive Plan (4).  

31.1 

*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  

31.2 

*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to   302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  

32.1 

*  

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 

Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 and (iv) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

* 

Filed herewith.     

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to Willdan Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2009.     

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to Willdan Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2016.     

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to Willdan Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2016.     

41 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WILLDAN GROUP, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  November 3, 2016  

42 

<EX-2.1>
 2
 wldn-20160930ex21e696de1.htm
 EX-2.1

wldn_Ex_21

Exhibit 2.1 

Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement 

This Amendment (this  Amendment ) to the Asset Purchase Agreement between Willdan Energy Solutions, Willdan Group, Inc., and 360 Energy Engineers, LLC, effective September 27, 2016. 

RECITALS 

A.  Willdan Energy Solutions (WES), Willdan Group, Inc. (WGI), and 360 Energy Engineers, LLC (360EE), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  APA ) effective January 15, 2015.  Joseph Hurla, Scott McVey and Aaron Etzkorn (collectively, the  360 Principals ) were, and are the only owners of 360EE.  Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the 360 Principals entered into employment agreements with WES.  The APA included earn-out provisions which provided for payments over three years on the condition of the satisfaction of certain performance goals.  In entering into the APA, it was contemplated that the operations of 360EE would be maintained by WES as a business unit through the earn-out period and that the management of the 360EE business unit would not be unduly burdened in order to not interfere with its ability to achieve the earn-out goals. 

B.  All parties to the APA and the 360 Principals are in agreement that it would be to their respective benefits to expand the efforts of the 360EE business unit into additional geographical territories.  In order to mitigate the impact that these additional efforts may have on the ability of the 360EE business unit to meet the three year earn-out goals, WES and WGI (collectively  Willdan ) are agreeable to extending the initial three year performance goal for an additional year.   

C.  The signatories to this Amendment desire to memorialize their agreement in writing.  

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree to amend the APA, as follows: 

1.  The 360 Principals shall hire a total of two sales/marketing employees in the geographic areas of two of the following locations: Denver, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis, Texas or any other viable Midwest metropolitan market to market the business of the 360EE business unit.   

2.  Willdan Energy Solutions and Willdan Group, Inc. (collectively "Willdan"), agree to extend the end of   Earn-Out Period   for the   Year 3 Adjusted EBITDA Target   by one year to the end of Willdan's 2018 fiscal year (approximately December 31, 2018) (the "Extension Year").  It is the specific intent of the parties that if the   Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA Target   is achieved by the end of   Year 3   the   Earn-Out Payment   for   Year 3   shall be paid in accordance with the terms and schedule set out in Section 2.3(a)(iii) of the APA.  However, if the   Cumulative Adjusted EBITDA Target   for   Year 3   is not achieved by the end of   Year 3  , but the   Year 3     Adjusted EBITDA Target   is achieved by the end of the Extension Year, the   Earn Out Payment   for   Year 3   will be paid at the end of the Extension Year.  The Extension Year   Earn-Out Payment  , if earned, will be paid as promptly as practical after the end of the Extension Year but not later than one hundred five (105) days after the last day of the fiscal year.  The Extension Year   Earn-Out Payment   will be subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the APA relating to the   

1 of 2 

Year 3 Earn-Out Payment, including, without limitation, the   Earn-Out Hold Back   and   Escrow Agent   provisions contained in Section 2.3(a)(iv) of the APA.  

3.  The bolded terms above shall have the meanings as defined in the APA. 

4.  All terms, conditions and provisions of the APA not amended by the Amendment shall remain if in full force and effect. 

WILLDAN ENERGY SOLUTIONS  

By:  

/s/ Thomas D. Brisbin  

Thomas D. Brisbin  
					 
						 Director  

WILLDAN GROUP, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Thomas D. Brisbin  

Thomas D. Brisbin  
					 
						 CEO  

360 ENERGY ENGINEERS, LLC  

/s/ Joseph Hurla  

Joseph Hurla, Member  

/s/ Scott McVey  

Scott McVey, Member  

/s/ Aaron Etzkorn  

Aaron Etzkorn, Member  

2 of 2 

</EX-2.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 wldn-20160930ex3119bd593.htm
 EX-31.1

wldn_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Thomas D. Brisbin, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Willdan Group, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  November 3, 2016 

By:  

/s/ Thomas D. Brisbin  

Thomas D. Brisbin  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 wldn-20160930ex31207aabf.htm
 EX-31.2

wldn_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Stacy B. McLaughlin, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Willdan Group, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  November 3, 2016 

By:   

/s/ Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 wldn-20160930ex3216af2e1.htm
 EX-32.1

wldn_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

as Adopted Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Willdan Group, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Thomas D. Brisbin, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Stacy McLaughlin, as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By:  

/s/ Thomas D. Brisbin  

Thomas D. Brisbin  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Stacy B. McLaughlin  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

November 3, 2016  

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of   18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  A signed original of this written statement required by   906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wldn-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wldn-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wldn-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wldn-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wldn-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wldn-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

