<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1352010_0001352010-16-000051_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6949541</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135285</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>377242</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2197099</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3108967</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1014238</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001352010-16-000051.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001352010-16-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EPAM Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001352010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				223536104
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35418
		FILM NUMBER:		161984894

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(267) 759-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EPAM SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001352010-16-000051.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 epam-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from ________to________ 
    
  Commission file number: 001-35418 
    
  EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

267-759-9000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x   No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x   No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No     x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 
       Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    32 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    34 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    34 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    34 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    34 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    34 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    34 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    34 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    34 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    35 
       SIGNATURES  
    36 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   
  EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (US Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (US Dollars in     thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (US Dollars in     thousands, except share and per share data) 

1. 
    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       
     EPAM Systems, Inc. (the  Company  or  EPAM ) is a global provider of software product engineering, technology consulting and digital expertise to clients located around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, Asia and the CIS region. The Company has expertise in various industries, including software and hi-tech, financial services, media and entertainment, travel and hospitality, retail and distribution, and life sciences and healthcare.  
  The Company is incorporated in Delaware with headquarters in Newtown, PA. EPAM serves clients worldwide utilizing an award-winning global delivery platform and its locations in over 25 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.  
  Basis of Presentation    The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of EPAM have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and Article 10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of EPAM Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries with all intercompany balances and transactions eliminated.  
  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Operating results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected to occur for the entire year. In our opinion, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been included, and all adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. 
  Reclassification     During the first quarter of 2016, the Company revised the classification of certain health insurance premium and other employee fringe benefit expenses between the cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses line items on the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The effect of this reclassification had   no   impact on total income from operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Revenue Recognition     The Company recognizes revenue when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue reported. 
  The Company derives its revenues from a variety of service offerings, which represent specific competencies of its IT professionals. Contracts for these services have different terms and conditions based on the scope, deliverables, and complexity of the engagement, which require management to make judgments and estimates in determining the appropriate revenue recognition. Fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. If there is an uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the services, revenue is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. At the time revenue is recognized, the Company provides for any contractual deductions and reduces the revenue accordingly. The Company reports gross reimbursable  out-of-pocket  expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  
  The Company defers amounts billed to its clients for revenues not yet earned. Such amounts are anticipated to be recorded as revenues when services are performed in subsequent periods. Unbilled revenue is recorded when services have been provided but billed subsequent to the period end in accordance with the contract terms. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The Company makes assumptions about fair values of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement , and utilizes the following fair value hierarchy in determining inputs used for valuation: 
  Level 1   Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as interest rates or yield curves. 
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs reflecting our view about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
  Where the fair values of financial assets and liabilities recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets cannot be derived from an active market, they are determined using a variety of valuation techniques. These valuation techniques include a net present value technique, comparison to similar instruments with market observable inputs, option pricing models and other relevant valuation models. To the extent possible, observable market data is used as inputs into these models but when it is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required to establish fair values.  
  The Company s contingent liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are comprised of performance-based awards issued to certain former owners of acquired businesses in exchange for future services and cash settled restricted stock units issued to employees.  
  Performance-based awards issued to certain former owners of acquired businesses are valued using significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which are defined as Level 3 inputs according to fair value measurement accounting. The Company believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, however, there is significant judgment involved.  
  Cash settled restricted stock units issued to employees are valued using the price of the Company's stock, a significant input that is observable in the market, which is defined as Level 1 input according to fair value measurement accounting. 
  These changes in fair value could cause a material impact to, and volatility in the Company s operating results. See Note   4   for disclosures related to fair value. 
  Employee Loans     The Company issues employee housing loans in Belarus, relocation loans to assist employees with relocation needs in connection with intra-company transfers and loans for the purchase of automobiles in India. There are   no   loans issued to principal officers, directors, and their affiliates. The Company intends to hold all employee loans until their maturity. Interest income is reported using the effective interest method. Where applicable, loan origination fees, net of direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized in interest income over the life of the loan. 
  On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the aging of its loan portfolio and evaluates the ability of employees to repay their debt on schedule. Factors considered in the review include historical payment experience, reasons for payment delays and shortfalls, if any, as well as probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments. Since the initiation of the loan program there have   not   been material past due or non-accrual employee loans or write offs related to loan losses and, therefore, the Company determined that   no   allowance for loan losses is required.  
  Employee Housing Loans     In 2012, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Employee Housing Program (the  Housing Program ), which provides employees with loans to purchase housing in Belarus. The housing is sold directly to employees by independent third parties. The Housing Program was designed as a retention mechanism for the Company s employees in Belarus and is available to full-time qualified employees who have been with the Company for at least   three years  . The aggregate maximum lending limit of the program is   $10,000  , with individual loans not exceeding   $50  . Loans issued under the Housing Program are denominated in U.S. dollars with a   5  -year term and an interest rate of   7.5%  . 
  The housing loans are measured using the Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using significant unobservable inputs. These housing loans are measured at fair value upon initial recognition through the market approach under ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurement  and subsequently carried at amortized cost less allowance for loan losses, if any. Any difference between the carrying value and the fair value of a loan upon initial recognition is charged to expense. 
  Employee Loans, Other     The Company issues short-term, non-interest bearing relocation loans to employees who have relocated within the company. In addition, the Company has in the past issued and may issue in the future a small number of interest bearing loans to employees for the purchase of automobiles. Such loans are issued to qualified employees with certain conditions attached. Due to the short term duration of these employee loans and high certainty of repayment, their carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Business Combinations     The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition accounting method, which requires it to determine the fair value of net assets acquired and the related goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations.  The Company identifies and attributes fair values and estimated lives to the intangible assets acquired and allocates the total cost of an acquisition to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment and involves the use of significant estimates, including projections of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples. There are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. These determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. The Company bases its fair value estimates on assumptions it believes are reasonable, but recognizes that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. 
  If initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported for which the accounting is incomplete, with retrospective adjustment made to such provisional amounts during the measurement period to present new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date.  
  All acquisition-related costs, other than the costs to issue debt or equity securities, are accounted for as expenses in the period in which they are incurred. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration arrangements that are not measurement period adjustments are recognized in earnings. Payments to settle contingent consideration, if any, are reflected in cash flows from financing activities and the changes in fair value are reflected in cash flows from operating activities in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  The acquired assets typically consist of customer relationships, trade names, non-competition agreements, and workforce and as a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is usually allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.  
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets     Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 350,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other.  The Company conducts its evaluation of goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis during its fourth quarter, and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below. The Company does not have intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives.  
  Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment of amortizable intangible assets, the Company evaluates the recoverability of the asset s carrying value, using estimates of future cash flows over the remaining asset life. The estimates of future cash flows attributable to intangible assets require significant judgment based on the Company s historical and anticipated results. Any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over fair value. 
  Stock-Based Compensation     The Company recognizes the cost of its stock-based incentive awards based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant net of estimated forfeitures. The cost is expensed evenly over the service period. The service period is the period over which the employee performs the related services, which is normally the same as the vesting period. Over time, the forfeiture assumption is adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate and such change may affect the timing of the total amount of expense recognized over the vesting period. Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. Equity-based awards that do not meet the criteria for equity classification are recorded as liabilities and adjusted to fair value at the end of each reporting period.   
  Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments     The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments  to identify and disclose off-balance sheet financial instruments, which include credit instruments, such as commitments to make employee loans and related guarantees, standby letters of credit and certain guarantees issued under customer contracts. The face amount for these items represents the exposure to loss, before considering available collateral or the borrower s ability to repay. Loss contingencies arising from off-balance sheet financial instruments are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe such matters exist that will have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

2. 
    ACQUISITIONS 
     Strategic acquisitions allowed the Company to expand into desirable geographic locations, complement the existing vertical markets, increase revenue and create new service offerings.  
  NavigationArts     On July 10, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of NavigationArts, Inc. and its subsidiary, NavigationArts, LLC (collectively  NavigationArts ). The U.S.-based NavigationArts provides digital consulting, architecture and content solutions and is regarded as a leading user-experience agency. The acquisition of NavigationArts added approximately   90   design consultants to the Company s headcount. In connection with the NavigationArts acquisition the Company paid   $28,747   in cash consideration, of which   $2,670   was placed in escrow for a period of   18 months   as security for the indemnification obligations of the sellers under the terms of the stock purchase agreement. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company decided to make a 338(h)(10) election to treat the NavigationArts acquisition as an asset purchase for tax purposes. As a result, during the second quarter of 2016 the Company paid an additional   $1,797   to the sellers of NavigationArts, as provided for in the stock purchase agreement.  
  AGS     On November 16, 2015, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of Alliance Consulting Global Holdings, Inc., including its wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries Alliance Global Services, Inc., and Alliance Global Services, LLC, companies organized under the laws of USA, and Alliance Global Services IT India, a company organized under the laws of India (collectively,  AGS ). AGS provides software product development services and test automation solutions and has multiple locations in the United States and India. The acquisition of AGS added   1,151   IT professionals to the Company s headcount in the United States and India. In connection with the AGS acquisition, the Company paid   $51,717   as cash consideration, of which   $5,000   was placed in escrow for a period of   15 months   as security for the indemnification obligations of the sellers under the terms of the stock purchase agreement.   
  The following is a summary of the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired at the date of each respective acquisition as originally reported during the year   2015   and at   September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company adjusted the preliminary purchase price allocations related to both NavigationArts and AGS.  For NavigationArts, the adjustments reflect final balances related to the acquisition. Finalization of the purchase price allocation included adjustments to intangible assets to reflect the results of a final valuation report as well as certain adjustments made to goodwill and deferred tax liabilities as a result of the 338(h)(10) election to treat the NavigationArts acquisition as an asset purchase for tax purposes, increasing net assets acquired by   $1,797  .  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

For AGS, recorded purchase price allocation amounts remain provisional and are based on the information that was available as of the acquisition date, updated as applicable for any changes identified through   September 30, 2016  , including adjustments based on a preliminary valuation analysis. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company made adjustments to goodwill, intangible assets, deferred taxes and working capital, and reclassified certain liabilities out of accrued expenses into a separate category, resulting in a decrease of   $140   to the net assets acquired. The fair values reflected for AGS are subject to change and such changes could be significant. The Company continues to gather and assess additional information necessary to finalize the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired. 
  The following table presents the estimated fair values and useful lives of intangible assets acquired from NavigationArts and AGS: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , NavigationArts and AGS have been significantly integrated into the Company and as such, it is not possible to precisely report their individual post-acquisition results of operations. Pro forma results of operations of these acquisitions for the period in which they occurred have not been presented because the effects of the acquisitions are not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations, individually or in the aggregate. 
   
   Goodwill by reportable segment was as follows:   

  There were   no   accumulated impairments losses in the North America or Europe operating segments as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
   
           4. 
    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
     As required by the guidance for fair value measurements, financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Thus, assets and liabilities categorized as Level 3 may be measured at fair value using inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Management s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables show the fair values of the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the only financial liabilities related to acquisitions of businesses included performance-based equity awards and contingent consideration and as of    December 31, 2015  , the only financial liabilities related to acquisitions of businesses included performance-based equity awards.   
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of acquisition-related contractual contingent liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is as follows:                       
    Amount 
      Contractual contingent liabilities at January 1, 2016 
    $ 
    5,364 
      
      Acquisition date fair value of contractual contingent liabilities - Other acquisitions 
    800 
      
      Liability-classified stock-based awards 
    3,861 
      
      Changes in fair value of contractual contingent liabilities included in earnings 
    1,089 
      
      Settlements of contractual contingent liabilities   stock 
    (7,955 
    ) 
      Contractual contingent liabilities at September 30, 2016 
    $ 
    3,159 

There were   no   transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Changes in the values of these financial liabilities, if any, are typically included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  
   
   On September 12, 2014, the Company entered into a credit facility (the  2014 Credit Facility ) with PNC Bank, National Association; Santander Bank, N.A; and Silicon Valley Bank (collectively the  Lenders ) to replace its former revolving loan agreement. The 2014 Credit Facility provides for a borrowing capacity of   $100,000  , with potential to increase the credit facility up to   $200,000   if certain conditions are met. The 2014 Credit Facility matures on   September 12, 2019  .  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Borrowings under the 2014 Credit Facility may be denominated in U.S. dollars or, up to a maximum of   $50,000   in British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, euros or Swiss francs (or other currencies as may be approved by the Lenders). Borrowings under the 2014 Credit Facility bear interest at either a base rate or Euro-rate plus a margin based on the Company s leverage ratio. Base rate is equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Open Rate, plus   0.5%  , (b) the Prime Rate, and (c) the Daily LIBOR Rate, plus   1.0%  .  
  The 2014 Credit Facility is collateralized with: (a) all tangible and intangible assets of the Company, and its U.S.-based subsidiaries including all accounts, general intangibles, intellectual property rights and equipment; and (b) all of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests in U.S.-based subsidiaries of the Company, and   65.0%   of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests in certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries. The 2014 Credit Facility includes customary business and financial covenants and restricts the Company's ability to make or pay dividends (other than certain intercompany dividends) unless no potential or actual event of default has occurred or would be triggered. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the 2014 Credit Facility.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding debt of the Company under the 2014 Credit Facility was   $33,076  , including accrued interest, and is subject to a LIBOR-based interest rate, which resets regularly at issuance, based on lending terms. In addition, the Company has a   $942   unused irrevocable standby letter of credit associated with its insurance program that was issued under the 2014 Credit Facility. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the borrowing capacity of the Company under the 2014 Credit Facility was reduced to   $66,058  .  
   
           6. 
    INCOME TAXES 
     The Company s worldwide effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   21.3%   and   20.2%  , respectively, and   21.1%   and   20.4%   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The slight change in the worldwide effective tax rate for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily due to changes in the overall geographic mix of our estimated taxable income for the current year.  
  Our Belarus subsidiary is eligible for certain income tax holiday benefits granted by the local government for its export activities conducted within the High Tech Park. Income tax holidays are effective for   15 years   starting from 2006. Other subsidiaries of the Company are primarily taxed at the jurisdictions  statutory rate some of which are lower than U.S. federal statutory rates. 
   
           7. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
     The following costs related to the Company s stock compensation plans were included in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income: 

Equity Plans 
  2012 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan     On January 11, 2012, the Company approved the 2012 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan ( 2012 Directors Plan ) to be used to issue equity awards to its non-employee directors. The Company authorized   600,000   shares of common stock to be reserved for issuance under the plan. The 2012 Directors Plan will expire after   10 years   and is administered by the Company s Board of Directors. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   547,560   shares remained available for issuance under the 2012 Directors Plan.  
  2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan       On June 11, 2015, the Company's stockholders approved the 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan ( 2015 Plan ) to be used to issue equity awards to company personnel. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   5,963,453   shares remained available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. All of the stock option awards issued pursuant to the 2015 Plan expire   10 years   from the date of grant. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan     On January 11, 2012, the Company approved the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2012 Plan ) to be used to issue equity grants to company personnel. In June 2015, the 2012 Plan was discontinued; however, outstanding awards remain subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan and any shares that are subject to an award that was previously granted under the 2012 Plan and that expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise will become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. All of the stock option awards issued pursuant to the 2012 Plan expire   10 years   from the date of grant. 
  2006 Stock Option Plan     Effective May 31, 2006, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 2006 Stock Option Plan (the  2006 Plan ) to grant stock options to directors, employees, and certain independent contractors. In January 2012, the 2006 Plan was discontinued; however, outstanding awards remain subject to the terms of the 2006 Plan and any shares that are subject to an option award that was previously granted under the 2006 Plan and that expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise will become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. All of the awards issued pursuant to the 2006 Plan expire   10 years   from the date of grant. 
  Stock Options  
  Stock option activity under the Company s plans is set forth below: 

As of September 30, 2016  , total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options, net of forfeitures was approximately   $50,882  . The expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.7 years  .  
  As of September 30, 2016  , the weighted average remaining contractual term was   6.2 years   for fully vested and exercisable outstanding options and   8.0 years   for outstanding options expected to vest.  
  As of September 30, 2016  , a total of   15,663   shares underlying options exercised through   September 30, 2016  , were in transfer with the Company s transfer agent.  
  There were no material changes with respect to the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option valuation model during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the assumptions disclosed in Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
  The Company grants awards of restricted stock to non-employee directors under the Company s 2012 Directors Plan and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to Company personnel under the Company s 2015 Plan (and prior to its approval, under the 2012 Plan). In addition, the Company has issued in the past, and may issue in the future its equity securities to compensate employees of acquired businesses for future services. Equity-based awards granted in connection with acquisitions of businesses are generally issued in the form of service-based awards (dependent on continuing employment only) and performance-based awards, which are granted and vest only if certain specified performance conditions are met. The awards issued in connection with acquisitions of businesses are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the applicable award agreement and acquisition documents with typical vesting period of   three years  , with   33.3%   of the awards granted vesting in equal installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant.  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Service-Based Awards  
  The table below summarizes activity related to the Company s equity-classified and liability-classified service-based awards for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding service-based restricted stock was   $5,184  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   1.1 years   using the weighted average method.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding service-based equity-classified RSUs was   $27,841  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   2.2 years   using the weighted average method.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding service-based liability-classified RSUs was   $11,205  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   2.3 years   using the weighted average method.  
  Performance -Based Awards 
  Summarized activity related to the Company s performance-based awards for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding performance-based equity-classified restricted stock was   $214  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   1.1 years   using the weighted average method.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding performance-based liability-classified restricted stock was   $4,960  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   1.0 year   using the weighted average method.  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate unrecognized compensation expense for all outstanding performance-based equity-classified RSUs was   $553  . This expense is expected to be recognized over the next   1.4 years   using the weighted average method.  
   
           8. 
    EARNINGS PER SHARE 
     Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock and unvested equity-settled RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method.  
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share of common stock as follows: 

During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a total of   2,357   and   2,324   shares underlying equity-based awards, respectively, were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect was anti-dilutive. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , a total of   2,143   and   1,456   shares underlying equity-based awards, respectively, were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect was anti-dilutive.  
   
           9. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
     Indemnification Obligations           In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to a variety of agreements under which it may be obligated to indemnify the other party for certain matters. These obligations typically arise in contracts where the Company customarily agrees to hold the other party harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants for certain matters such as title to assets and intellectual property rights associated with certain arrangements. The duration of these indemnifications varies, and in certain cases, is indefinite. 
  The Company is unable to reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances of each agreement and the fact that certain indemnifications provide for no limitation to the maximum potential future payments under the indemnification. Management is not aware of any such matters that would have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
  Litigation     From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation, claims or other contingencies. Management is not aware of any such matters that would have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

10. 
    SEGMENT INFORMATION 
     The Company determines its reporting segments and reports segment information in accordance with the management approach, which designates internal reporting used by management to make operating decisions and assess performance as the source of the Company s reportable segments. 
  The Company manages its business primarily based on the geographic managerial responsibility for its client base. As managerial responsibility for a particular client relationship generally correlates with the client s geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between client locations and the geographic boundaries of the Company s reportable segments. In some cases, managerial responsibility for a particular client is assigned to a management team in another region and is usually based on the strength of the relationship between client executives and particular members of EPAM s senior management team. In such cases, the client s activity would be reported through the management team s reportable segment. 
  The Company s reportable segments are North America, Europe, Russia and Other. The revenues in the Other segment represented less than 1% of total segment revenues in 2014 and 2015 due to the ending of certain customer relationships and contractual changes with other clients. As no substantial clients remained in the segment, during the first quarter of 2016, the Company shifted managerial responsibility for the remaining clients to the Russia segment. This change does not represent a change in the Company's existing segments but rather a movement in responsibility for several clients that represent less than 1% of total segment revenue.  
  The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) evaluates performance and allocates resources based on the segment's revenues and operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. Generally, operating expenses for each reportable segment have similar characteristics and are subject to similar factors, pressures and challenges. Expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. Certain expenses are not allocated to specific segments, as management does not believe these expenses are either directly attributable to any specific segment or controllable at the segment level. Such  unallocated  expenses are deducted against the Company s total income from operations and are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the CODM.  
  Revenues from external customers and operating profit/(loss), before unallocated expenses, for the North America, Europe, Russia and Other reportable segments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were as follows: 

Intersegment transactions were excluded from the above on the basis that they are neither included into the measure of a segment s profit and loss by the CODM, nor provided to the CODM on a regular basis. 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from   one   customer,   UBS AG  , were   $35,142   and   $107,381  , respectively, and accounted for more than 10% of total revenues. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , revenues from   one   customer,   UBS AG  , were   $32,960   and   $95,826  , respectively, and accounted for more than 10% of total revenues. Revenues from this customer included reimbursable expenses and were included in the Company s Europe segment in the periods indicated.  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Trade accounts receivable and unbilled revenues are generally dispersed across our clients in proportion to their revenues. As of   September 30, 2016  , billed and unbilled trade receivables from   one   customer, UBS AG, individually exceeded 10% and accounted for   10.3%   and   10.7%   of our total billed and unbilled trade receivables, respectively.  
  Reconciliation of segment revenues to consolidated revenues and segment operating profit to consolidated income before provision for income taxes is presented below: 

Geographic Area Information 
  Long-lived assets include property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization, and management has determined that it is not practical to allocate these assets by segment since such assets are used interchangeably among the segments. Geographical information about the Company s long-lived assets based on physical location of the assets was as follows: 

17 

     Table of Contents  

Information about the Company s revenues by client location is as follows: 

18 

Table of Contents  

11. 
    RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
     In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The amendment in this update allows recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs, which was prohibited before and required recognition only when the asset was sold to an outside party. This amendment should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The amendment in this update is effective on a modified retrospective basis for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact this new standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments in this update reduces diversity in eight areas where the FASB does not provide clear or specific guidance in classifying certain cash receipts and payments. The ASU currently applies to our contingent consideration payments made after a business combination. It requires us to show payments made soon after the acquisition to settle the contingent liability under investing activities section, those payments not made soon after the acquisition under the financing activity section in the amount of a liability recognized at the acquisition date (including measurement-period adjustments) and any excess under operating activities section. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. As the Company reports its cash flow activity related to contingent consideration consistent with the new ASU, the adoption of this guidance will have no effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The new standard will be effective on January 1, 2020. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which impacts virtually all aspects of an entity s revenue recognition. The ASU introduces a new five-step revenue recognition model in which an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires disclosures sufficient to enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers, including qualitative and quantitative disclosures about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date until the annual reporting periods (including interim reporting periods within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2017. This standard will be effective beginning in the first quarter of 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), which finalized proposed ASU 2015-290 of the same name and clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which clarifies multiple aspects of identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which provides clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and adds some practical expedients to the guidance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this new standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation.  The amendments in this update simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this new standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases greater than 1 year, regardless of whether they were previously accounted for as capital or operating leases. This update is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard as well as the timing of when it will adopt this ASU. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendment requires deferred tax liabilities and assets, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Effective April 1, 2016, the Company early adopted ASU No. 2015-17 on a prospective basis, which resulted in the reclassification of current deferred tax assets to non-current deferred income tax assets on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. No prior periods were retrospectively adjusted. 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. The amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The update eliminates the current requirement to retrospectively adjust provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date. The amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The implementation of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The update guides presentation of debt issuance costs and requires the related debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this ASU. The amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The implementation of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidations Analysis, which changes the guidance for evaluating whether to consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities. The amendment is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The implementation of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the  
  sections entitled  Forward-Looking Statements  in this item and  Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors.  We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 
  In this quarterly report,  EPAM,   EPAM Systems, Inc.,  the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to EPAM Systems, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
   
  Executive Summary 
  We are a leading global provider of product development and software engineering solutions offering specialized technological services to many of the world s leading organizations. Our clients depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technology, digital engagement and intelligent enterprise development. We are continuously venturing into new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, financial services, media and entertainment, travel and hospitality, retail and distribution, and life sciences and healthcare. Our teams of developers, architects, strategists, engineers, designers, and product experts have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results.  
  Our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. As a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global clients across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them. 
  Through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to grow as a recognized brand in software development and end-to-end digital transformation services for our clients.  
   
  Year-to-Date 2016 Developments and Trends 
  During the first nine months of   2016  , our revenues were   $846.6 million  , an increase of approximately   29.5%   over   $653.9 million   reported for the same period a year ago. Our performance remained strong across our key verticals, including the Life Sciences and Healthcare vertical showing growth of   48.5%   during the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  .  
  We seek to grow revenues by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements with existing customers, as well as by growing our customer base through business development efforts and strategic acquisitions. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , we focused on continuing to develop our existing business, both geographically and across industry verticals. As we enter new geographies through acquisitions and organic growth, we continue to seek to expand our service offerings and industry expertise in those new locations.  
  We are committed to maintaining and continuing to diversify a well-balanced portfolio of clients. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , our top five and top ten customers accounted for   29.3%   and   39.3%   of consolidated revenues, compared to   33.5%   and   44.4%   during the first   nine   months of 2015, respectively.  
  On June 23, 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the E.U. (referred to as  Brexit ).  As a result, it is anticipated that the U.K. government will negotiate the terms of the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U, after Parliamentary approval. The Brexit vote resulted in immediate stock market and foreign currency exchange rate volatility and uncertainty, and it remains to be determined what impact the U.K. s exit from the E.U. will have on other operational areas including immigration. We have a significant operating presence in the U.K., with approximately 16% of the Company s revenues in the first   nine   months of 2016 coming from U.K. clients. We are monitoring the developments relating to Brexit, but the related uncertainty may affect our customers  operations and may result in new operational and financial challenges for us.       
   
  Summary of Results of Operations  
  The following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

The key highlights of our consolidated results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding periods of   2015  , were as follows: 
              
    Revenue increased in all our key verticals and in particular within the Media and Entertainment vertical, which grew   $14.2 million   during the third quarter of   2016   over the corresponding period of   2015  . During the first   nine   months of   2016  , the largest growth was noted in the Financial Services vertical, which grew   $40.2 million   over the corresponding period of   2015  ; 
       The operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.  
   
  Effects of Inflation 
  Economies in CIS countries, particularly Belarus, Russia and Ukraine, have periodically experienced high rates of inflation. Periods of higher inflation may slow economic growth in those countries and as a result decrease demand for our services, and negatively impact the business of our existing clients. Inflation is likely to increase some of our expenses, which may reduce our profitability, as we may not be able to pass these increases on to our clients. Generally, our largest expense that could be impacted by inflation is wages. We do not rely on borrowed funds for operations in those locations; therefore, increases in interest rates typical for inflationary environments do not currently pose a risk to our business.  
  Ukraine has been experiencing political and economic turmoil severely impacting the Ukrainian economy. The Ukrainian currency has been weakened and the negative outlook in the Ukrainian economy continues. We have not experienced a significant impact from the inflation in Ukraine and do not have clients located in Ukraine.  
  Inflation in Russia increased in late 2014 due to weakening of the Russian ruble and decreasing oil prices. Inflation in Russia remained steady during 2015 with some decline observed during 2016. Our operations in Russia have not been significantly affected by local inflation; however, we have noted some impact from inflation on our clients in Russia.  
  Belarus experienced hyperinflation in the past and may experience high levels of inflation in the future. We have not seen a significant impact from the inflation in Belarus as our largest expense there, wages, is denominated in U.S. dollars in order to provide stability in our business and for our employees. We do not have significant clients located in Belarus and in the first nine months of   2016  , we had approximately   $1.3 million  , or   0.1%  , of our revenues denominated in Belarusian rubles. The functional currency for financial reporting purposes in Belarus is US dollars. 
  Other locations where we have clients or perform services are not experiencing significant inflation and our business is not materially impacted by inflation in those locations. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. This information should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. The operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. 

Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Revenues 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our revenues grew   26.4%   and   29.5%   over the corresponding periods in   2015  , to   $298.3 million   and   $846.6 million   in total revenues. This growth is mainly attributable to our ability to retain and increase the level of services we provide to our existing customers including our top and long-term clients. We continue targeting new customers and expanding our presence in various verticals, both organically and through acquisitions.  
  Our largest contributor to consolidated revenue in terms of geography is North America, which accounted for   56.4%   and   56.8%   of consolidated revenues during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   3.5%   and   4.8%   over the corresponding periods in   2015  . During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues in North America grew   $43.5 million   and   $140.7 million  , or   34.8%   and   41.4%  , over the same periods last year.  
  Revenues from all major verticals in North America grew during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the same periods last year. This result is partly attributed to continuing strong performance by our existing top clients in the North America s top performing Software and Hi-Tech vertical. Revenues from the Software and Hi-Tech vertical in North America increased by   $12.6 million   and   $33.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the same periods last year. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , significant revenue growth rate in North America was noted in the Financial Services vertical, showing an increase of   104.7%   and   112.1%  , over the corresponding periods of   2015  . 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

In our European geography, the Financial Services vertical contributed the most to revenue growth and accounted for   38.3%   and   44.7%   of overall revenue growth in this geography during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  . During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from the Financial Services vertical in Europe increased by   $6.7 million   and   $21.4 million  , or   15.1%   and   16.6%  , over the corresponding periods of   2015  . The Financial Services vertical remained our largest vertical on a consolidated basis with the majority of its revenue,   $51.3 million   and   $150.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , coming from the European geography. Continued solid performance of the Financial Services vertical was attributable to an increased demand for our services and ongoing relationships with existing customers located in Europe. In particular,   5.0%   and   6.6%   of consolidated revenue growth during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was attributable to increased business from our top customer located in Switzerland. 
  Revenues in the CIS geography increased by   $0.1 million  , or   0.6%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period of   2015   and increased by   $1.3 million  , or   4.2%   on a year-to-date basis as compared to the same period of   2015  . In our CIS geography, the Financial Services vertical contributed the most revenue with   $6.5 million   and   $18.6 million   or   59.0%   and   56.8%   of total revenue in this geography during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. The CIS region overall has been impacted by macroeconomic instability and significant foreign currency fluctuations in Russia and other CIS countries had a negative impact on the revenues from those locations causing unsteady revenue trends.   
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , revenues from the APAC region increased by   $0.8 million  , or   13.8%  , over the corresponding period of   2015   and increased by   $1.1 million  , or   6.2%  , on a year-to-date basis as compared to the same period of   2015  . In our APAC region, the Financial Services vertical contributed the most revenue with   $4.1 million   and   $13.5 million   or   59.6%   and   72.8%   of total revenue in this geography during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. We have focused on diversifying our business in this region beyond banking and financial services to other key verticals, including retail, consumer, media and entertainment markets. During 2016, we have established new clients in the Travel and Consumer vertical in the APAC region, which accounted for   26.1%   and   17.0%   of total revenue in this geography during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
  Cost of Revenues (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization) 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was   $190.8 million   representing an increase of   28.5%   over the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by   1.1%   over the corresponding period of   2015   to   64.0%   of consolidated revenues.  
  The increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in the   third   quarter of   2016   was primarily driven by a   $41.3 million   increase in compensation costs for revenue producing delivery personnel, including an increase in stock-based compensation expense of   $0.9 million  . The increase was mainly attributable to a   36.3%   growth in the average number of delivery professionals in the quarter, resulting from organic growth as well as personnel additions from our strategic acquisitions. 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was   $539.0 million   representing an increase of   31.9%   over the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) increased by   1.2%   over the corresponding period of   2015   to   63.7%   of consolidated revenues. 
  The increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in the first   nine   months of 2016 was primarily driven by a   $125.3 million   increase in personnel-related costs, including an increase in stock-based compensation expense of   $2.7 million  . The total increase in personnel-related costs was primarily attributable to a   35.8%   growth in the average number of delivery professionals in 2016 to date, resulting from organic growth as well as personnel additions from our strategic acquisitions. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  We continued to invest in key areas including sales, infrastructure, industry expertise, and other functions supporting global operations and our growth. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling, general and administrative expenses were   $67.5 million   representing an increase of   21.8%   over the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased   0.9%   over the corresponding period of   2015  , to   22.6%   of consolidated revenues. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of   2015  , was primarily driven by a   $5.1 million   increase in personnel-related costs, which includes salaries and stock-based compensation expense. Of these personnel-related costs, stock-based compensation expense comprised   $1.0 million   of the increase during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of 2015.  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling, general and administrative expenses were   $193.2 million   representing an increase of   22.0%   over the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased   1.4%   over the corresponding period of   2015  , to   22.8%   of consolidated revenues. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of   2015  , was primarily driven by a   $12.8 million   increase in personnel-related costs, which includes salaries and stock-based compensation expense. Of these personnel-related costs, stock-based compensation expense comprised   $1.4 million   of the increase during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of   2015  .  
  Our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased primarily as a result of our expanding operations, acquisitions, and the hiring of a number of senior managers to support our sustainable growth. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we experienced a   31.9%   and   27.3%   growth in the average non-production headcount as compared to the same periods of   2015  . In addition, we have issued stock to sellers and/or personnel in connection with our business acquisitions and have been recognizing stock-based compensation expense in the periods after the closing of these acquisitions as part of selling, general and administrative expenses. Such stock-based compensation expense related to acquisitions comprised   41.8%   and   39.6%   of total selling, general and administrative stock-based compensation expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   54.5%   and   59.6%   in the same periods of   2015  .  
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , depreciation and amortization expense was   $5.9 million   and   $17.2 million  , as compared to   $4.4 million   and   $12.5 million   in the corresponding periods last year. Expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense increased   0.1%   during both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared with the corresponding periods of   2015  . The increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily due to the increase in purchases of computer equipment to support headcount growth, accompanied by increased amortization of new intangible assets purchased during 2015. We purchased   $2.8 million   of intangible assets as part of our NavigationArts acquisition and   $22.7 million   of intangible assets as part of our AGS acquisition in 2015.  
  Interest and Other Income, Net 
  Net interest and other income was   $1.1 million   and   $3.4 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   representing an increase of   $0.2 million   and   $0.1 million   compared to the corresponding periods last year. The increase was primarily impacted by more interest received on cash accounts in Belarus and more interest earned on employee housing loans. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes was   $7.1 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , representing an increase from   $5.8 million   during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The effective income tax rate was   21.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   20.2%   for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
  The provision for income taxes was   $19.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , representing an increase from   $14.5 million   during the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015. The effective income tax rate was   21.1%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   20.4%   for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015.  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Results by Business Segment  
  Our reportable segments are based on managerial responsibility for a particular client. Because managerial responsibility for a particular client relationship generally correlates with the client s geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between client locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. In some specific cases, however, managerial responsibility for a particular client is assigned to a management team in another region, usually based on the strength of the relationship between client executives and particular members of our senior management team. In such cases, the client s activity would be reported through the management team s reportable segment.  
  Our reportable segments are North America, Europe, Russia and Other. The revenues in the Other segment represented less than 1% of total segment revenues in 2014 and 2015 due to the ending of certain customer relationships and contractual changes with other clients. As no substantial clients remained in the segment, during the first quarter of 2016, we shifted managerial responsibility for the remaining clients to the Russia segment. This change does not represent a change in our existing segments but rather a movement in responsibility for several clients that represent less than 1% of total segment revenue.  
  Each segment engages in business activities that generate revenues and incur expenses. Separate financial information is available for each segment and it is used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ), in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance based on segment revenues and operating profit. Segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. Generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to similar factors, pressures and challenges. Expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. These shared expenses include Delivery, Recruitment and Development, Sales and Marketing, and support functions such as IT, Finance, Legal, and Human Resources. Generally, shared expenses are allocated based on measurable drivers of expense, e.g., recorded hours or headcount. Certain expenses, such as stock based compensation expense, are not allocated to specific segments, as management does not believe these expenses are either directly attributable to any specific segment or controllable at the segment level. Such  unallocated  expenses are deducted against the Company s total income from operations and are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the CODM.  
  Revenues from external clients and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the North America, Europe, Russia and Other reportable segments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

North America Segment 
   During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues for the North America segment increased   $39.9 million  , or   32.8%  , over the corresponding period in   2015   and segment operating profits increased   $5.8 million  , or   20.0%  , as compared to the same period last year. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our North America segment were   54.2%   of total segment revenues, which increased from the   51.5%   of total segment revenues in the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of North America segment revenues, the North America segment s operating profit was   21.5%   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   23.7%   in the same period of   2015  . 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues for the North America segment increased   $136.0 million  , or   41.2%  , over the corresponding period in   2015   and segment operating profits increased   $25.0 million  , or   31.7%  , as compared to the same period last year. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our North America segment were   55.0%   of total segment revenues, which increased from the   50.5%   of total segment revenues in the corresponding period of   2015  . As a percentage of North America segment revenues, the North America segment s operating profit was   22.2%   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   23.8%   in the same period of   2015  . 
  The increase in revenues during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was driven by continued expansion of existing customer relationships and by revenues from new clients. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , operating results of the North America operating segment were impacted from our 2015 acquisitions of AGS and NavigationArts, which mainly generate revenues in North America.   
  Europe Segment 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our Europe segment were   42.3%   of total segment revenues and represented an increase of   $22.8 million  , or   22.0%  , over the corresponding period of   2015  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , segment operating profits increased   $2.5 million  , or   14.8%  , as compared to the same period of   2015  , to   $19.5 million   of operating profit.  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our Europe segment were   41.3%   of total segment revenues and represented an increase of   $57.0 million  , or   19.5%  , over the corresponding period of   2015  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , segment operating profits increased   $0.8 million  , or   1.6%  , as compared to the same period of   2015  , to   $49.8 million   of operating profit.  
  Europe continues to be a growing segment in our portfolio with several top European-based clients primarily in the banking and financial services sector. Our Europe segment includes the business in the APAC region, which is managed by the same management team. We have gained several new clients in various industries in the APAC region during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared with the corresponding period of   2015  . We expect that many of our new and existing customers in other business verticals will use our services in that region resulting in possible revenue and operating profit increases for the Europe segment. 
  Russia and Other Segments 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our Russia segment were   3.5%   of total segment revenues and represented an increase of   $0.7 million  , or   7.5%  , compared to the corresponding period of   2015  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , operating profit of the Russia segment decreased   $0.4 million  , or   25.7%  , as compared to the same period of   2015  , to   $1.2 million  .  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from our Russia operating segment increased   $3.6 million  , or   13.2%  , and operating profits increased   $2.1 million  , or   69.4%  , as compared to the same period of   2015  .  
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , no substantial clients remained in the Other segment due to the ending of certain customer relationships and contractual changes with other clients, and as a result we shifted managerial responsibility for the remaining clients to the Russia segment. This change does not represent a change in our existing segments but rather a movement in responsibility for several clients that represent less than 1% of total segment revenue.  
  Revenues and operating profits in the Russia and Other segments are subject to volatility resulting from revenue recognition delays related to finalizing budgets for certain arrangements with major customers in those segments causing instability between revenues and associated profits. Also, since 2014, the United States and the European Union have imposed and expanded sanctions targeting Russian government and government-controlled interests and certain government officials. While this has not directly impacted our business in Russia, the sanctions aggravated the overall Russian economy and negatively influenced the business of our major clients in the region, decreasing demand for our services. Additionally, strong foreign currency fluctuations in 2015 and 2016 further destabilized the economic situation in the regions that are included in these segments and negatively impacted our business in Russia and other CIS countries during 2015 and 2016.  
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Capital Resources 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling   $330.6 million   and   $66.1 million   of available borrowings under our revolving line of credit.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $274.9 million   of our total cash and cash equivalents were held outside the United States. Of this amount,   $132.3 million   was held in U.S. dollar denominated accounts in Belarus, including deposits that accrued interest at an average interest rate of   3.2%   during the first nine months of   2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , a balance of   $31.7 million   U.S. dollars is kept in an unrestricted account in our Cyprus entity s bank in the United Kingdom. Our subsidiaries in the CIS or APAC regions do not maintain significant balances denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. 
  The cash and cash equivalents held at locations outside of the United States are for future operating expenses and we have no intention of repatriating those funds. However, as a result of various factors such as any global or regional instability or changes in tax laws in place for a specific time period, we may later decide to repatriate some or all of our funds to the United States. If we decide to remit funds to the United States in the form of dividends,   $274.9 million   would be subject to foreign withholding taxes, of which   $262.0 million   would also be subject to U.S. corporate income tax. We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents held in the United States and cash flow to be generated from domestic operations will be adequate to satisfy our domestic liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. Our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flows increase, our continued intent not to repatriate earnings from outside of the U.S. and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. To the extent we pursue one or more significant strategic acquisitions, we may incur debt or sell additional equity to finance those acquisitions. 
  On September 12, 2014, we established a revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, National Association; Santander Bank, N.A; and Silicon Valley Bank. This credit facility consists of a $100.0 million revolving line of credit, with a maturity date of September 12, 2019. There is potential to increase the credit facility up to $200.0 million if certain conditions are met. Borrowings under the credit facility may be denominated in United States Dollars or, up to a maximum of $50.0 million in British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, euros or Swiss francs (or other currencies as may be approved by the lenders). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding debt of   $33.1 million  , including accrued interest, and   $0.9 million   of an unused irrevocable letter of credit under the 2014 Credit Facility, with the balance of the credit line of   $66.1 million   remaining available for use. 
  Cash Flows 
  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   $46.6 million  , compared to the corresponding period of   2015  . This increase in operating cash flows for the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   is mainly attributable to an increase in collected revenue, which is partially offset by an increase in payroll, bonuses, taxes and office related expenses.  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
  Net cash provided by investing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $3.1 million   and consisted primarily of a matured   $30 million   interest bearing time deposit set up by our Cyprus entity in the United Kingdom during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Upon maturity in March 2016, these funds were placed back into cash and cash equivalents. Significant fluctuations between the two periods were also caused by   $27.7 million   spent on acquisitions during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to only   $4.5 million   spent during the same period of the current year. In both periods, investing activities included expenditures on property, plant and equipment to support our growth and geographic expansion, with total purchases of $20.0 million and $9.5 million during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash provided by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $16.4 million  , and included   $15.9 million   of proceeds from stock option exercises and   $2.1 million   net outflow from borrowings, mainly under the 2014 Credit Facility. Net cash provided by financing activities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $5.5 million  , and consisted mainly of   $30.3 million   in payments of deferred consideration related to acquisitions, offset by   $17.6 million   of proceeds from stock option exercises and   $15.0 million   of proceeds from borrowings. 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

Contractual Obligations and Future Capital Requirements 
  Contractual Obligations 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our fixed and determinable contractual obligations were as follows: 

Letter of credit 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an irrevocable standby letter of credit in the amount   $0.9 million   under the 2014 Credit Facility, which is required to secure commitments for certain insurance policies. The letter of credit expires on April 27, 2017 with a possibility of automatic extension for an additional period of one year from the present or any future expiration date.   No   amounts were outstanding against this letter of credit during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  Future Capital Requirements 
  We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate cash, however, is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors. To the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. If we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. If we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. There is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements 
  We do not have any obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements that would constitute off-balance sheet arrangements other than as disclosed in Note   9   and Note   5   of our financial statements in  Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited).  We have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Revenue Recognition     We recognize revenue when realized or realizable and earned, which is when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred; the sales price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured. Determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. If there is an uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the services, revenues are deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. At the time revenues are recognized, we provide for any contractual deductions and reduce revenues accordingly. We defer amounts billed to our clients for revenues not yet earned. Such amounts are anticipated to be recorded as revenues as services are performed in subsequent periods. Unbilled revenues represent services provided which are billed subsequent to the period end in accordance with the contract terms. 
  We derive our revenues from a variety of service offerings, which represent specific competencies of our IT professionals. Contracts for these services have different terms and conditions based on the scope, deliverables, and complexity of the engagement, which require management to make judgments and estimates in determining appropriate revenue recognition. Fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. 
  We report gross reimbursable  out-of-pocket  expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments     We make significant assumptions about fair values of our financial assets and liabilities and we utilize the following fair value hierarchy, prescribed by authoritative guidance, in forming those assumptions: 
  Level 1   Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
  Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as interest rates or yield curves. 
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs reflecting our view about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
  Where the fair values of financial assets and liabilities recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets cannot be derived from an active market, they are determined using a variety of valuation techniques. These valuation techniques include a net present value technique, comparison to similar instruments with market observable inputs, option pricing models and other relevant valuation models. To the extent possible, observable market data is used as inputs into these models but when it is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required to establish fair values.  
  Our contingent liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of performance-based awards issued to certain former owners of acquired businesses in exchange for future services and cash settled restricted stock units issued to employees.  
  Performance-based awards issued to certain former owners of acquired businesses are valued using significant inputs that are not observable in the market which are defined as Level 3 inputs according to fair value measurement accounting. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, however, there is significant judgment involved. As of   September 30, 2016  , the significant portion of our contingent liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis has been settled and, therefore, uncertainty associated with the earnout assumptions has been significantly curtailed along with the risk of causing a material impact to, and volatility in our operating results.  
  Cash settled restricted stock units issued to employees are valued using the price of our stock, a significant input that is observable in the market, which is defined as Level 1 input according to fair value measurement accounting. 
  Business Combinations     We account for our business combinations using the acquisition accounting method, which requires us to determine the fair value of net assets acquired, including related goodwill and other intangible assets. We identify and attribute fair values and estimated lives to the intangible assets acquired and allocate the total cost of an acquisition to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment and involves the use of significant estimates, including projections of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples. There are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. These determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

If initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported for which the accounting is incomplete, with retrospective adjustment made to such provisional amounts during the measurement period to present new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date.  
  All acquisition-related costs, other than the costs to issue debt or equity securities, are accounted for as expense in the period in which they are incurred. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration arrangements that are not measurement period adjustments are recognized in earnings. Payments to settle contingent consideration, if any, are reflected in cash flows from financing activities and the changes in fair value are reflected in cash flows from operating activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  Our acquisitions usually do not have significant amounts of tangible assets, as the principal assets typically acquired are customer relationships, trade names, non-competition agreements, and workforce. As a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets. 
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets     Goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 350,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other . We conduct the evaluation of goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, and more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below. We do not have intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives.  
  Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. When facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment of amortizable intangible assets, we evaluate the recoverability of the asset s carrying value, using estimates of future cash flows over the remaining asset life. The estimates of future cash flows attributable to intangible assets require significant judgment based on our historical and anticipated results. Any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over fair value. 
  Stock-Based Compensation     Equity-based compensation cost relating to the issuance of stock-based awards to employees is based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant, which is expensed evenly over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. The forfeiture assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate. Therefore, changes in the forfeiture assumptions may affect the timing of the total amount of expense recognized over the vesting period. The service period is the period over which the employee performs the related services, which is normally the same as the vesting period. Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. Equity-based awards that do not meet the criteria for equity classification are recorded in liabilities and adjusted to fair value at the end of each reporting period.  
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note   11   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in  Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  for additional information. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains estimates and forward-looking statements, principally in  Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors.  Our estimates and forward-looking statements are mainly based on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends, which affect or may affect our businesses and operations. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to several risks and uncertainties and are made in light of information currently available to us. Important factors, in addition to the factors described in this quarterly report, may adversely affect our results as indicated in forward-looking statements. You should read this quarterly report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The words  may,   will,   should,   could,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   intend,   potential,   might,   would,   continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology and similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements. Estimates and forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and, except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update, to revise or to review any estimate and/or forward-looking statement because of new information, future events or other factors. Estimates and forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. As a result of the risks and uncertainties described above, the estimates and forward-looking statements discussed in this quarterly report might not occur and our future results, level of activity, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements due to, including, but not limited to, the factors mentioned above, and the differences may be material and adverse. Because of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks result primarily from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, and concentration of credit risks. In addition, our international operations are subject to risks related to differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, and other regulations and restrictions. 
   
  Concentration of Credit and Other Credit Risks 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of employee loans receivable, cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and unbilled revenues. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , loans issued to employees were   $6.0 million  , or   0.7%   of our total assets. These loans potentially expose us to a risk of non-payment and loss. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of borrowers obtained through their employment with EPAM and may be adversely affected by macroeconomic changes, such as currency devaluation and inflation. Given a large demand for the program among our employees and its advantages as compared to alternative methods of financing available on the market, we expect the borrowers to fulfill their obligations.  
  We maintain our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments with financial institutions. We believe that our credit policies reflect normal industry terms and business risk. We do not anticipate non-performance by the counterparties. We hold a significant balance of cash in banks in the CIS countries where banking and other financial systems generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets and bank deposits made by corporate entities in the CIS region are not insured. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $160.2 million   of total cash was held in CIS countries, with   $132.4 million   of that in Belarus. The CIS banking sector remains subject to periodic instability and the transparency of the banking sector lags behind international standards. Particularly in Belarus, a banking crisis, bankruptcy or insolvency of banks that process or hold our funds, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in the CIS region, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Cash in other CIS locations is used for short-term operational needs and cash balances in those banks move with the needs of the entities.  
  Trade accounts receivable and unbilled revenues are generally dispersed across our clients in proportion to their revenues. As of   September 30, 2016  , billed and unbilled trade receivables from   one   customer, UBS AG, individually exceeded 10% and accounted for   10.3%   and   10.7%   of our total billed and unbilled trade receivables, respectively.  
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our top five customers accounted for   28.0%   and   29.3%   of our total revenues, and our top ten customers accounted for   37.6%   and   39.3%   of our total revenues. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , our top five customers accounted for   31.9%   and   33.5%   of our total revenues, and our top ten customers accounted for   42.9%   and   44.4%   of our total revenues.  
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , revenues from   one   customer,   UBS AG  , were   $34.9 million   and   $106.2 million  , respectively, and accounted for more than 10% of total revenues. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , revenues from   one   customer,   UBS AG  , were   $32.7 million   and   $95.3 million  , respectively, and accounted for more than 10% of total revenues. Indicated revenues do not include reimbursable expenses.  
  Historically, credit losses and write-offs of trade accounts receivable balances have not been material to our condensed consolidated financial statements.    
   
  Interest Rate Risk 
  Our exposure to market risk is mainly influenced by the changes in interest rates received on our cash and cash equivalent deposits and paid on any outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit, which is subject to a variety of rates depending on the type and timing of funds borrowed.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   the outstanding borrowings under our 2014 Credit Facility were   $33.1 million  . The interest rate for this debt is based on LIBOR, which resets regularly at issuance, based on lending terms. We do not believe we are exposed to material direct risks associated with changes in interest rates related to this borrowing.  
  We offer interest-bearing loans in Belarus under our Employee Housing Program and charge an interest rate on these loans. These loans are financed with available funds of our Belarusian subsidiary and the interest rate charged is nominal and determined by us.     We do not believe that employee loans issued under our Employee Housing Program expose us to significant interest rate risks. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

We have not been exposed to material risks due to changes in market interest rates and we do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge our risk of interest rate volatility. However, our future interest expense may increase and interest income may fall due to changes in market interest rates.  
   
  Foreign Exchange Risk  
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars; however, our business is conducted in various currencies. Outside of the United States, we operate primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Europe, Asia, and the CIS and CEE regions and generate a significant portion of our revenues in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, principally, euros, British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, Swiss francs and Russian rubles. We incur expenditures in non-U.S. dollar currencies, principally in Hungarian forints, Russian rubles, Polish zlotys, Swiss francs, British pounds sterling, Indian rupees and China yuan renminbi ( CNY ) associated with our delivery centers located in the CEE, Europe, Mexico and APAC regions.  
  Our international operations expose us to foreign currency exchange rate changes that could impact translations of foreign denominated assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars and future earnings and cash flows from transactions denominated in different currencies. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily on accounts receivable and unbilled revenues from sales in these foreign currencies and cash outflows for expenditures in foreign currencies. Our results of operations can be affected if any of the currencies, which we use materially in our business, appreciate or depreciate against the U.S. dollar. Our exchange rate risk primarily arises from our foreign currency revenues and expenses, however, our exposure to currency exchange rate changes is diversified due to the variety of countries and currencies in which we conduct business. 
  Management supplements results reported in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, referred to as GAAP, with non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes these measures help illustrate underlying trends in our business and uses the measures to establish budgets and operational goals, communicated internally and externally, for managing our business and evaluating its performance. When important to management s analysis, operating results are compared on the basis of  constant currency", which is a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure excludes the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations by translating the current period revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates of the prior period of comparison.  Based on our results of operations for the   third   quarter of   2016  , if currencies were not impacted by foreign exchange fluctuations and results were evaluated on a constant currency basis using rates from the   third   quarter in   2015  , our consolidated revenue would have been higher by 1.8%. Revenue in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared on a constant currency basis to the   third   quarter of   2015   was negatively impacted the most by the British pound sterling and slightly positively impacted by the Russian ruble and Canadian dollar. If compared on the same constant currency basis, our net income would have been higher by 5.2% as the impact from the currency declines also had a favorable impact on the expenses at our offshore delivery centers. Net income in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared on a constant currency basis to the   third   quarter of   2015   was impacted positively by the Russian ruble, Canadian dollar and Polish zloty and was offset by the negative impact from the British pounds sterling. The euro did not have a significant impact on the revenue or net income for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared on a constant currency basis to the   third   quarter of   2015  .   
  To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currencies for our operations, appreciation of such foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would adversely affect the amount of such foreign currencies we receive from the conversion. Changes in the currency exchange rates resulted in our reporting a net foreign currency exchange loss of   $1.7 million   and gain of   $0.1 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total net foreign currency exchange losses were   $5.4 million   and   $6.1 million  , respectively. The decrease in net foreign exchange loss in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period of   2015   was primarily attributable to stabilization in exchange rates of the Russian ruble, euro and Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar in the periods indicated. This loss is included in our condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
  Foreign currency translation adjustments from translating financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries from functional currency to the U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component of stockholders  equity or included in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income if local currencies of our foreign subsidiaries differ from their functional currencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   24.9%   of our total net assets were subject to foreign currency translation exposure, as compared to   25.3%   as of   September 30, 2015  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net income generated by foreign subsidiaries for which the functional currency was not U.S. dollars was   53.8%   and   59.7%  , respectively. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded   $0.4 million   of translation gains and   $8.3 million   of translation losses in each respective period within our condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, and   $2.7 million   of translation gains and   $7.4 million   of translation losses for the year-to-date periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

During the periods presented, our condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income were not materially affected by gains or losses arising from translating financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries from functional currency to U.S. dollars. 
  On June 23, 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the E.U. (referred to as  Brexit ).  As a result, it is anticipated that the U.K. government will negotiate the terms of the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U, after Parliamentary approval. The Brexit vote resulted in immediate stock market and foreign currency exchange rate volatility and uncertainty and, as a result, we are monitoring the developments relating to Brexit as we have a significant operating presence in the U.K. and collect revenues and incur expenses in currencies that may be affected.  
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Based on management s evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time, we are involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceeding. In addition, we are not aware of any material legal or governmental proceedings against us, or contemplated to be brought against us. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in  Part I. Item 1A.Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  None. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not Applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information 
  None. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 

35 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
                     
    EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Arkadiy Dobkin 

Name: Arkadiy Dobkin 

Title: Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
  (principal executive officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Anthony J. Conte 

Name: Anthony J. Conte 

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

36 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EPAM SYSTEMS, INC. 
  Amended Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
  (Adopted January 22, 2012; Amended December 16, 2013; February 24, 2015 (effective January 1, 2015); April 16, 2015; September 14, 2016) 
    
  Unless and until the Board resolves otherwise or as otherwise agreed between the Company and the Board, each member of the Board of Directors (the    Board   ) of EPAM Systems, Inc. (the    Company   ) that is not an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each, a    Non-Employee Director   ) shall be entitled to receive the compensation set forth below during the term of his or her service on the Board. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this policy shall have the meanings set forth in the Company s 2012 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan (as amended from time to time, the    Plan   ). 
  Annual Cash Retainers 
  Frequency and Pro-Ration of Payments:  Each of the retainer payments described below shall be payable in cash in arrears in equal quarterly installments on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 (or, if any such date is not a business day, the business day immediately preceding such date) (each such payment date, a    Quarterly Payment Date   ) in respect of the calendar quarter that includes such Quarterly Payment Date, or, at the Non-Employee Director s election given by written notice to the Company no later than March 15 of any calendar year, in one cash payment in arrears on December 31 (or if such date is not a business day, the business day immediately preceding such date) (such payment date, an    Annual Payment Date   ) in respect of the calendar year that includes such Annual Payment Date.  Any Non-Employee Director who becomes eligible for any of the following retainer payments on a date that is not the first day of a calendar quarter (or year) shall receive a pro-rated Retainer for his or her service in the applicable role on the Board for such quarter (or year) based on the number of days of such service during such quarter (or year). 
  Service as Non-Employee Director  :  Each Non-Employee Director shall receive an annual retainer (a    Retainer   ) in the amount of $50,000 payable in cash in arrears. 
  Service as Lead Independent Director  : The Non-Employee Director who serves as Lead Independent Director of the Board shall receive an additional annual retainer in the amount of $25,000 payable in cash in arrears. 
  Service as a Committee Member  :  Each Non-Employee Director who serves as a member (but not as a Chairperson) of one or more of the Audit, Compensation or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees (each, a    Committee   ) of the Board shall receive an additional annual retainer in the amount of $10,000, $7,500 and/or $6,000 for his or her service on each such Committee, respectively, payable in cash in arrears. 
  Service as Chairperson of a Committee of the Board  :  Any Non-Employee Director who serves as a Chairperson of one or more of the Committees shall receive an additional annual retainer in the amount of $20,000, $15,000 and/or $10,000 for his or her service as the Chairperson of one or more of the Audit, Compensation or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, respectively, payable in cash in arrears. 

Additional Non-Employee Director Compensation 
  Any Non-Employee Director who attends more than ten (10) meetings of the Board, or more than ten (10) meetings of the same Committee on which such Non-Employee Director serves, in any calendar year shall receive an additional cash payment of $2,000 for each such additional meeting thereof that such Non-Employee Director attends in person and $1,000 for each such additional meeting that such Non-Employee Director attends telephonically.  
  Election to Receive Stock 
  A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive all or a portion of his or her Retainer in shares of Common Stock by executing and submitting to the Company s Corporate Secretary (the    Secretary   ) an election form, pursuant to a form provided by the Company, which indicates the percentage of such Retainer that such director elects to receive in shares. A Non-Employee Director who wishes to revoke or amend a previously submitted election form may do so by executing and submitting to the Secretary a subsequent election form, pursuant to a form provided by the Company. An election form, whether initial or subsequent, shall be effective only with respect to Quarterly Payment Dates (or if applicable, the Annual Payment Date) that occur after the date on which the Secretary receives such form.   
    As of each Quarterly Payment Date (or if so elected, the Annual Payment Date), a Non-Employee Director who has validly elected to receive all or a portion of his or her Retainer in shares of Common Stock will receive a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the amount of the Retainer that otherwise would have been payable to such director in cash on such date by the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the day prior to such Quarterly Payment Date (or if so elected, the Annual Payment Date);   provided   that any fractional share shall be paid in cash.   
    
  Equity Grants 
  Initial Restricted Stock Grants to Directors  :  On the date that a Non-Employee Director commences service on the Board, such director shall receive under the Plan an initial grant (the    Initial Grant   ) of Restricted Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Initial Grant shall be determined by dividing $100,000 by the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the day prior to the grant date. The Initial Grant will vest 25% on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date.   
  Annual Restricted Stock Grants to Directors  :  On the date of the Company s annual public stockholder meeting, each Non-Employee Director who at such meeting is elected to serve on the Board or whose term is scheduled to continue at least through the date of the next such meeting shall receive under the Plan an annual grant (each, an    Annual Grant   ) of Restricted Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock covered by an Annual Grant shall be determined by dividing $75,000 by the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the day prior to the grant date. Any Non-Employee Director who commences service on the Board on a date other than the date of the Company s annual public stockholder meeting shall receive on such start date a pro-rated Annual Grant, with the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such grant determined by dividing (i) the product of $75,000 and a fraction, the numerator of which is 365 minus the number of days that have elapsed between the date of such meeting and such start date, and the denominator of which is 365, by (ii) the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the day prior to such start date. Each Annual Grant will vest 100% on the first anniversary of the grant date.  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q320162.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  Certification by Chief Executive Officer 
  Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
    
  I, Arkadiy Dobkin, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EPAM Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Arkadiy Dobkin 

Arkadiy Dobkin 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  
  (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q320162.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  Certification by Chief Financial Officer 
  Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
    
  I, Anthony J. Conte, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EPAM Systems, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Anthony J. Conte 
      
      Anthony J. Conte 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q320162.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EPAM Systems, Inc. (the "Company") for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Arkadiy Dobkin, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 
  (i)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (ii)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Arkadiy Dobkin 

Arkadiy Dobkin 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  
  (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322q320162.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EPAM Systems, Inc. (the "Company") for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Anthony J. Conte, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 
  (i)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (ii)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Anthony J. Conte 
      
      Anthony J. Conte 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 epam-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 epam-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 epam-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 epam-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 epam-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 epam-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

