<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1608298_0001144204-16-132895_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1930748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84078</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>143948</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>348756</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>804297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>512462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132895.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109172611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001608298
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				464388636
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36547
		FILM NUMBER:		161985258

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY,
		STREET 2:		18TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-710-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY,
		STREET 2:		18TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132895.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451107_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

For the transition period from _______ to ______. 

Commission File Number: 001-36547 

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       46-4388636    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
       incorporation or organization)  
       
       Identification Number)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:    (212) 710-4100  

1700 Broadway,
18th Floor  

  New York, NY,
10019  

  (Former name or
former address, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x  
No           

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes 
   x      No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer          
 
      Non-accelerated filer         
       
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes  
  x     No       

As of November 4, 2016, there were 9,938,112 shares of the
Company s Class A common stock and 5,318,750 shares of the Company s Class F common stock issued and outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     3  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
      3   

Condensed Balance Sheets   
      3   

Condensed Statements of Operations   
      4   

Condensed Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
      5   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
      7   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     15  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     18  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     18  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
     19  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     19  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
     19  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
     19  

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
     19  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     19  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   
     19  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
     19  

SIGNATURES   
     20  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION   

  CONDENSED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

   For the Period
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)    

1.   
       INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

The accompanying unaudited
interim condensed financial statements of Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation (the  Company ) should be read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 25, 2015. The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
since they are interim statements, the accompanying financial statements do not include all the information and notes required
by GAAP for complete financial statement presentation. In the opinion of management, the interim financial statements reflect all
adjustments (consisting of normal, recurring adjustments) that are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position,
results of operations, and cash flows for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results
for a full year. 

2.   
       DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS    

The Company is a blank
check company incorporated in Delaware on December 27, 2013. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business
transaction, one or more operating businesses or assets that the Company has not yet identified ( Business Combination ).
The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenue to date. The Company s management has
broad discretion with respect to the Business Combination. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
complete a Business Combination. All activity through September 30, 2016 related to the Company s formation, its Initial
Public Offering, which is described below, and identifying and evaluating a target company for a Business Combination and activities
in connection with the pending acquisition of Yatra Online, Inc. a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares ( Yatra ),
described in Note 10. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The initial stockholders
of the Company, Apple Orange LLC, Noyac Path LLC, Periscope LLC, (together the  Terrapin Sponsor ), along with Terrapin
Partners Employee Partnership 3 LLC, and MIHI LLC (the  Macquarie Sponsor  together with the Terrapin Sponsor, the
 Sponsors ) and Terrapin Partners Green Employee Partnership, LLC have agreed, in the event the Company is required
to seek stockholder approval of its Business Combination, to vote their Founders Shares, as defined below, and any public shares
held, in favor of approving the Business Combination. 

Financing  

The registration statement
for the Company s initial public offering (the  Public Offering  as described in Note 4) was declared effective
by the SEC on July 17, 2014. The Sponsors purchased, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, $6,000,000 of warrants
in a private placement (Note 5). 

Upon the closing of
the Public Offering and the private placement, $212,750,000 was placed in a trust account with the Continental Stock Transfer  
Trust Company (the  Trust Account ) acting as trustee. 

Trust Account  

The Trust Account can
be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government
obligations. 

The Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or for working
capital, if any, none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination;
or (ii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of common stock included in the units sold in the Public Offering if the Company is
unable to complete the Business Combination by December 19, 2016. 

Business Combination  

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially
all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating the Business Combination
with (or acquisition of) a Target Business. As used herein,  Target Business  means one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect the Business Combination. 

The Company, after
signing a definitive agreement for the Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether
they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their  pro rata  share of the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest
but less taxes payable and funds released for working capital, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their
shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal
to their  pro rata  share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement
of the tender offer, including interest but less taxes payable and funds released for working capital. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender
offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval, unless a
vote is required by NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Business Combination only if
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event
will the Company redeem or repurchase its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption or repurchase of its public shares and the related Business Combination,
and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

If the Company holds
a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with the Business Combination, public stockholders will
have the opportunity to have public shares redeemed or repurchased for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination or commencement
of the tender offer, respectively, including interest but less taxes payable and funds released for working capital. As a result,
such shares have been classified as common stock subject to possible redemption, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  

Liquidation and Going Concern  

As a result of the
Extension (as defined in Note 10   Recent Developments), the Company has until December 19, 2016 to complete its Business
Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by December 19, 2016, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares of common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including interest, but less taxes
payable and funds released for working capital (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii)
as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets to its
remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsors and other initial stockholders have entered
into letter agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with
respect to their initial shares; however, if the Sponsors or any of the Company s officers, directors or affiliates acquire
shares of common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the
Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the required
time period. If a Business Combination is not consummated on or before December 19, 2016, this mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

In the event of liquidation, it is possible
that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less
than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. 

Emerging Growth Company  

Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with
another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

3.   
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Basis of presentation  

The accompanying financial
statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Net loss per common share  

Basic net loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss per share by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding, plus, to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using
the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 16,637,500
shares of common stock. The weighted average of these shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share of common
stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Therefore, dilutive loss per share of common stock was equal to basic
loss per share of common stock. 

Concentration of credit risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The fair value of the
Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheets, primarily due
to their short-term nature. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

Redeemable Common Stock  

As discussed in Note
4, all of the 21,275,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  Class A common
stock ) sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contained a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of
shares of Class A common stock under the Company s liquidation, tender offer, or stockholder approval provisions. In accordance
with ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity
instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold,
its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders 
equity) to be less than $5,000,001. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust
the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in
the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by changes in retained earnings, or in the absence of retained
earnings, by charges against paid-in capital in accordance with FASB ASC 480-10-S99. 

Income taxes  

The Company complies
with the accounting and reporting requirements of FASB ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts,
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has a net deferred tax asset, before valuation allowance, of approximately $1,334,000 and
$366,000, respectively, related to net operating loss carry forwards, organization costs, and start-up costs. Management has determined
that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is appropriate at this time. 

FASB ASC Topic 740
prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. No amounts were accrued for
the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations
by major taxing authorities since inception. 

The Company may be
subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes.
These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax
jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company s management does not expect
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

4.   
       PUBLIC OFFERING    

On July 22, 2014, the
Company sold 21,275,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Public Units ) in the Public Offering, including
the sale of units upon full exercise of the underwriters  overallotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the  Public
Warrants ). 

Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities
Act following the completion of the Business Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share
of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company
will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.
Each Public Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s Business Combination
or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company does not complete its Business Combination on or
prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination, the Public Warrants will expire at the end of such
period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of Public Warrants issued
in connection with the 21,275,000 Public Units during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Public
Warrants and the Pubic Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described
in the warrant agreement. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants in whole and not
in part at a price of $0.01 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption, only in the event
that the last sale price of the Company s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days
within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant
holders. 

The Company paid an
upfront underwriting discount of $4,250,000 (approximately 2.0%) of the per unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing
of the Public Offering, with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of $7,451,250 (approximately 3.5%) of the
gross offering proceeds payable upon the Company s completion of the Business Combination. Effective July 13, 2016, the underwriters
agreed that in the event that the Deferred Discount becomes payable from the Trust Account upon the Company s consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, such aggregate Deferred Discount shall be reduced by 50%,
from $0.35 per Unit ($7,451,250 in the aggregate) to $0.175 per Unit ($3,725,625 in the aggregate). The Deferred Discount will
become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business
Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount. 

5.   
       RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

Founder Shares  

On December 31, 2013,
the Company issued an aggregate of 5,250,000 units, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase
one half of one share of common stock, to the Terrapin Sponsor and Terrapin Partners Employee Partnership 3 LLC (the  Founder
Units ) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On May 15, 2014, the Company cancelled the warrants issued as part of
these Founder Units resulting in the net issuance of 5,250,000 shares ( Founder Shares ). On M ay
19, 2014, the Company implemented an approximate 1.0131 -for- 1 stock split, re-characterized its Founder Shares as Class F common
shares, and authorized the issuance of Class A common stock and undesignated shares. Further, on May 19, 2014, Apple Orange LLC
sold 1,211,563 Founder Shares to the Macquarie Sponsor and transferred 56,061 Founder Shares to Terrapin Partners Green Employee
Partnership, LLC, an affiliate of Apple Orange LLC.  The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock included
in the Public Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and
contingent adjustments, as described in more detail below (Note 9  Class F Common Stock ). 

The initial stockholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until one year after the Business Combination (the  lock
up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or if the Company consummates a transaction after
the initial Business Combination which results in the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash or property,
the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Rights    The
Founder Shares are identical to the public shares except that (i) Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described above, and (ii) the initial stockholders have agreed to waive redemption rights in connection with the Business Combination
with respect to the Founders Shares. However, the initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any
shares they hold by way of public market purchase if the Company fails to consummate the Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering. 

Voting    
If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the initial stockholders have agreed to vote their Founder
Shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination. 

Redemption   
Although the initial stockholders have waived their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to
complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, they will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to
any public shares they may own. 

Contingent Forward
Purchase  

The Macquarie sponsor
has committed to purchase, and the Company has committed to sell, 4,000,000 units on the same terms as the sale of units in the
Public Offering (except for certain transfer restrictions) at $10.00 per unit, in a private placement for gross proceeds of approximately
$40,000,000 to occur concurrently with the consummation of the Business Combination. The funds will be used as part of consideration
to the sellers in the Business Combination; any excess funds from this private placement will be used for working capital in the
post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders selecting to redeem their shares and
provides the Company with a minimum funding level for the Business Combination. In exchange for this commitment, the Company has
agreed to issue to the Macquarie Sponsor 1,000,000 Class F Founder Shares at the closing of the Business Combination and such private
placement. 

Private Placement
Warrants  

The Sponsors have purchased
from the Company an aggregate of 12,000,000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (a purchase price of $6,000,000) in a private
placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the  Private Placement Warrants ).
Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at $5.75 per half
share. The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust
Account pending completion of the Business Combination. 

The Private Placement
Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable so long as
they are held by the Sponsors or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than
the Sponsors or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by
such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants included in the units sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private
Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants sold as part of the units in the
Public Offering and have no net cash settlement provisions.   

If the Company does
not complete the Business Combination, then the Private Placement Warrants proceeds will be part of the liquidation distribution
to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights  

The holders of the
Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants hold registration rights to require the Company to register the sale of any of the
securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of Units (and underlying securities) and Founder
Shares purchased in the Contingent Forward Purchase hold similar registration rights. The holders of these securities will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under
the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have  piggy-back  registration rights to include their securities
in other registration statements filed by the Company. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will
not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock
up period. The Company will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Expense Advance
Agreement  

On July 16, 2014, the
Sponsors entered into an agreement (the  Expense Advance Agreement ) to advance to the Company, as may be requested
by the Company, up to $500,000 each, for an aggregate of $1,000,000, in working capital loans in the form of promissory notes to
be provided to fund expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements prior
to the Business Combination. Such note(s) shall bear no interest and shall be convertible into Public Warrants at a price of $0.50
at the option of the note holder. 

On July 19, 2016, the
Company issued promissory notes to the Sponsors in the aggregate amount of $250,000 pursuant to the Expense Advance Agreement.
The notes bear no interest and are convertible into warrants identical to the Public Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant at
the option of the note holder. As of September 30, 2016, the promissory notes had not been converted and remained outstanding. 

Administrative Service
Agreement  

Commencing on July
17, 2014, the Company has agreed to pay $10,000 a month for office space, administrative services and secretarial support to Terrapin
Partners LLC, an affiliate of the Terrapin Sponsor. Upon the completion of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a balance of
approximately $588 and $273, respectively, payable to related parties. 

6.   
       COMMITMENTS    

The Company paid an
upfront underwriting discount of $4,250,000 (approximately 2.0%) of the per unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing
of the Public Offering, with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of $7,451,250 (approximately 3.5%) of the
gross offering proceeds payable upon the Company s completion of the Business Combination. 

Effective July 13,
2016, the underwriters agreed that in the event that the Deferred Discount becomes payable from the Trust Account upon the Company s
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, such aggregate Deferred Discount shall be
reduced by 50%, from $0.35 per Unit ($7,451,250 in the aggregate) to $0.175 per Unit ($3,725,625 in the aggregate). The Deferred
Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes
its Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount. 

7.   
       TRUST ACCOUNT    

As of December 31,
2015, a total of $212,750,000, consisted of $206,750,000 of the net proceeds from the Public Offering and $6,000,000 from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in the Trust Account. 

As of September 30,
2016, a total of $99,381,200, included $93,381,200 of the net proceeds from the Public Offering and $6,000,000 from the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants, was held in the Trust Account. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company s Trust Account consists of $99,398,744 invested in an Institutional Money Market Fund. As of December
31, 2015, investment securities in the Company s Trust Account consisted of 212,750,000 invested in an Institutional Money
Market Fund and another $1,267 held as cash and cash equivalents. 

8.   
       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT    

The Company complies
with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement,  for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported
at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at least annually. 

The following table
presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized
to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such
as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for
the asset or liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability: 

9.   
       STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

On May 19, 2014, the
Company implemented an approximate 1.0131-for-1 stock split, re-characterized its Founder Shares as shares of Class F common stock,
and authorized the issuance of Class A common stock and undesignated common stock. All share issuances prior to the stock split
have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 

Common Stock  

Class A Common
Stock      The Company is authorized to issue 90,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each Class A common share. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 21,275,000 and 9,938,112 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 8,798,016 and 20,064,603 shares were subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class F Common
Stock      The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class F common stock with a par value of $0.0001
per share (the  Class F common stock ). Holders of the Company s Class F common stock are entitled to one vote
for each Class F common share. Shares of Class F common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a ratio of
one-for-one. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are deemed issued in excess
of the amounts offered in the Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination, shares of Class F common
stock are subject to future modification to provide for an adjustment to the ratio by which they shall convert into shares of Class
A common stock. Such adjustment will result in additional shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of Class
F common stock. The number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class F common stock will
equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of all shares of Class A common stock sold in the Public Offering plus all common
shares or equity-linked securities deemed to be issued in connection with the Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or issuable, to any seller in the Business Combination or pursuant to warrants issued to the Sponsors plus Class
F common stock and the Class A common stock (but not the warrants) issued pursuant to the forward purchase contract with the Macquarie
sponsor. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 5,318,750 shares of Class F common stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock   
  The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of undesignated common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with
such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no shares of undesignated common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock  

Preferred
Stock      The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

10.   
       RECENT DEVELOPMENTS    

The Proposed Transaction  

On July 13, 2016, the
Company, Yatra, T3 Parent Corp. ( Terrapin Parent ), T3 Merger Sub Corp. ( Terrapin Merger Sub ), the Macquarie
Sponsor and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as a representative of Yatra's shareholders, entered
into a business combination agreement (the  Initial Business Combination Agreement ), providing for the combination
of the Company and Yatra (the  Transaction ) pursuant to which the Company will become a partially-owned subsidiary
of Yatra. Subsequently, on September 28, 2016, the parties to the Initial Business Combination Agreement entered into an Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the  Business Combination Agreement ). Founded in 2006, Yatra is based
in Gurgaon, India and is a leading online travel agent and consolidator of travel products. The consummation of the Transaction
is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement including, among others, receipt of the requisite
approval of the stockholders of the Company and the execution of the various transaction agreements. 

The Business Combination
Agreement provides for two Mergers (the  Mergers ): (i) first, Terrapin Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company
(the  First Merger ), with the Company surviving the First Merger as a partially owned subsidiary of Terrapin Parent;
and (ii) second, immediately following the consummation of the First Merger, in which Terrapin Parent will merge with and into
Yatra (the  Second Merger ), with Yatra surviving the Second Merger. As a result of the Mergers, the Company will become
a partially owned subsidiary of Yatra. 

Pursuant to the Mergers,
each share of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers (other than redeemed
shares), will be automatically converted into one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of Yatra (each an  Ordinary
Share ). In connection with, and as a condition to the consummation of, the Transaction, the Business Combination Agreement
provides that the Company and the holders of Class F common stock will enter into a Forfeiture Agreement, pursuant to which such
holders will forfeit one-half of the shares of Terrapin Class F common stock held by them, effective as of immediately prior to
the consummation of the Transaction (except that, because the Macquarie Sponsor will forego its right to acquire 1,000,000 shares
of Terrapin Class F common stock pursuant to the amendment to the Forward Purchase Contract, dated July 16, 2014, between the Company
and the Macquarie Sponsor, it will forfeit 105,781 of its 1,211,563 shares of Terrapin Class F Common Stock, resulting in an aggregate
forfeiture of one-half of the shares of Class F common stock which they otherwise would have been entitled to receive). Following
such forfeiture, 3,159,375 shares of Class F common stock will remain outstanding. Each share of Class F common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers will remain outstanding as a share of Class F common stock,
and, pursuant to the Mergers, each holder of Terrapin Class F common stock will also receive one Class F Share, par value $0.0001,
of Yatra (each, a  Class F Share ) for each share of Class F common stock held by such holder. The Class F Shares will
be voting shares only and have no economic rights. Following the consummation of the Transaction, the holders of Class F common
stock will be entitled to exchange their shares of Class F common stock for Ordinary Shares (on a share for share basis) and, upon
such exchange, an equal number of Class F Shares held by the exchanging shareholder will be converted by Yatra into 0.0001 of an
Ordinary Share for each Class F Share converted. 

Each of Yatra s
Ordinary Share certificates issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger will be automatically
deemed to be substituted by one Ordinary Share certificate registered pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form F-4
of Yatra fled with the SEC. Each Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers will
ultimately receive a fraction of a Yatra Ordinary Share, which such fraction is calculated on the basis of a pre-closing enterprise
value of Yatra equal to $218 million as increased by the aggregate exercise price of all outstanding Yatra options and warrants
and as increased by the amount of Yatra s cash and decreased by the amount of Yatra s indebtedness, in each case, as
set forth on Yatra s balance sheet dated June 30, 2016 .   

Promissory
Notes 

On July 19, 2016, the
Company issued promissory notes to the Sponsors in the aggregate amount of $250,000 pursuant to the Expense Advance Agreement,
dated July 16, 2014, by and between the Sponsors and the Company. The notes bear no interest and are convertible into warrants
identical to the Public Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the note holder (Note 5). 

The Extension 

On July 19, 2016, at
a special meeting of the Company s stockholders, the stockholders approved the following items: (i) an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination
(the  Extension ) for an additional 150 days, from July 22, 2016 to December 19, 2016 (the  Extended Date ),
provided that the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a business combination on or before July 22, 2016; and (ii) an
amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated July 16, 2014, by and between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer   Trust Company to extend the date on which to commence liquidating the trust account established in connection
with the Public Offering in the event the Company has not consummated a business combination by the Extended Date. 

In connection with
the special meeting held on July 19, 2016, stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock were permitted to exercise their
right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account at a redemption price of $10.00 per share. Stockholders
holding 11,336,888 shares of Class A common stock elected to have their shares redeemed. As a result of such redemptions, as of
September 23, 2016, a total of approximately $99.38 million remains in the Company s trust account and a total of 9,938,112 
 shares of Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

Nasdaq Notice  

On August 23, 2016,
the Company received a written notice (the  Notice ) from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock
Market ( Nasdaq ) indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(3) (the  Minimum
Public Holders Rule ), which requires the Company to have at least 300 public holders for continued listing on the NASDAQ
Capital Market. The Notice is a notification of deficiency and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s
securities on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

The Notice stated that
the Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. On September 16, the
Company submitted a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule within the required timeframe. If Nasdaq accepts
the Company s plan, Nasdaq may grant the Company an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence
compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the
opportunity to appeal the decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

The Company evaluates subsequent events
and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements are filed for potential recognition
or disclosure. The Company did not identify any subsequent events that require adjustment or disclosure in the financial
statements. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS   OF OPERATIONS  

References in this
report to  we,   us  or the  Company  refer to Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation. References
to our  management  or our  management team  refer to our officers and directors, and references to the
 sponsor  refer to Apple Orange LLC, Noyac Path LLC, and Periscope LLC (together the  Terrapin Sponsors ),
and MIHI LLC (the  Macquarie Sponsor  together with the Terrapin Sponsors, the  sponsors ). The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

All statements other
than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Item 2 regarding
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made
by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated
by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or
oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety
by this paragraph. 

Overview  

We are a blank check
company incorporated on December 27, 2013 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses ( Business
Combination ). The accompanying financial statements recognize December 31, 2013, the date of initial funding, as the Company s
date of inception. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering
(the  Public Offering ) and a sale of warrants in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion
of the Public Offering (the  Private Placement Warrants ), our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. 

On July 13, 2016, the Company, Yatra, Terrapin Parent, Terrapin
Merger Sub, the Macquarie Sponsor and Shareholder  Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as a representative
of Yatra's shareholders, entered into the Initial Business Combination Agreement providing for the Transaction pursuant to which we will become a partially-owned subsidiary of Yatra. Subsequently, on September 28, 2016,
the parties to the Initial Business Combination Agreement entered into the Business Combination Agreement. Founded in 2006, Yatra
is based in Gurgaon, India and is a leading online travel agent and consolidator of travel products. The consummation of the Transaction
is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement including, among others, receipt of the requisite
approval of our stockholders and the execution of the various transaction agreements. 

Results of Operations  

For the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 our net loss was $2,529,564 and $3,022,617, respectively, compared to $154,151 and $389,620,
respectively, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our net loss in the current period resulted mainly
from ongoing general and administrative costs, from the accrual of expenses associated with the Transaction, and from the accrual
of franchise taxes, the total of which exceeded our accrued interest income which was our sole income. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, we had cash of $139,616 outside the Trust Account. We believe that we have sufficient funds available to complete our efforts
to effect a Business Combination. On July 19, 2016, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders. At that meeting, the stockholders
approved an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the
Company has to complete a business combination from July 22, 2016 to December 19, 2016. 

On July 22, 2014, we
consummated the Public Offering of 21,275,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Simultaneously with the consummation of the
Public Offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 12,000,000 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one-half
of one share of our Class A common stock at $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share), to the sponsors at a price of $0.50
per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. We received net proceeds from the Company s Public Offering and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants of approximately $212,750,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting commissions
of $4,250,000 and offering costs and other expenses of approximately $4,762,670. For a description of the proceeds generated in
the Company s Public Offering and a discussion of the use of such proceeds, refer to Note 4 of the unaudited financial statements
included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 

As of September 30,
2016, $99,398,744 was held in the Trust Account (including $6,000,000 from the sale of the Sponsor Warrants) and we had cash outside
of the Trust Account of $139,616 and $2,854,838 in accounts payable and accrued expenses, including accrued franchise tax payable,
notes payable and due to affiliates. Through September 30, 2016, the Company had withdrawn approximately $229,000 from interest
earned on the trust proceeds. Other than the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, no amounts are payable to the underwriters
of the Public Offering in the event of a Business Combination. 

As described elsewhere
in this report, the amounts in the Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180
days or less or money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The current low interest rate environment may make it more difficult for such investments
to generate sufficient funds, together with the amounts available outside the Trust Account, to locate, conduct due diligence,
structure, negotiate and close a Business Combination. If we are required to seek additional capital in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Terrapin Sponsor and our
Macquarie Sponsor have committed up to $500,000 each, for an aggregate of $1,000,000, in working capital loans. If we consummate
an initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not
close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment, other than the interest income earned thereon. Up to $1,000,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of
the lender. The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants. The terms of any additional loans by our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Any such loans would be repaid only
from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of a Business Combination. If we are unable
to complete a Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements  

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or entered into any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations  

We do not have any
long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay
an entity affiliated with our Terrapin Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services
provided to the Company. Upon completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. We began incurring these fees on July 17, 2014 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier
of the completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The
Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Trust Account  

A total of $212,750,000,
including approximately $206,750,000 of the net proceeds from the Public Offering, $6,000,000 from the sale of the Sponsor Warrants
and $7,451,250 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions was placed in the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer
  Trust Company serving as trustee. 

Effective July 13,
2016, the underwriters agreed that in the event that the Deferred Discount becomes payable from the Trust Account upon the Company s
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, such aggregate Deferred Discount shall be
reduced by 50%, from $0.35 per Unit ($7,451,250 in the aggregate) to $0.175 per Unit ($3,725,625 in the aggregate). The Deferred
Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes
its Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount. 

The trust proceeds
are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

In connection with
the special meeting held on July 19, 2016, stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock were permitted to exercise their
right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account at a redemption price of $10.00 per share. Stockholders
holding 11,336,888 shares of Class A common stock elected to have their shares redeemed. As a result of such redemptions, as of
September 30, 2016, the balance in the Trust Account was $99,398,744. 

Loss per common share  

Basic net loss per share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss per share by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, plus, to
the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock
method.  

Income taxes  

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Recent Developments 

The Proposed Transaction 

On July 13, 2016, the Company, Yatra, Terrapin Parent, Terrapin
Merger Sub, the Macquarie Sponsor and Shareholder  Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as a representative
of Yatra's shareholders, entered into the Initial Business Combination Agreement providing for the Transaction pursuant to which we will become a partially-owned subsidiary of Yatra. Subsequently, on September 28, 2016,
the parties to the Initial Business Combination Agreement entered into the Business Combination Agreement. Founded in 2006, Yatra
is based in Gurgaon, India and is a leading online travel agent and consolidator of travel products. The consummation of the Transaction
is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement including, among others, receipt of the requisite
approval of our stockholders and the execution of the various transaction agreements. 

The Business Combination
Agreement provides for two Mergers (i) the First Merger in which
Terrapin Merger Sub will merge with and into us, with us surviving the First Merger as a partially owned subsidiary of Terrapin
Parent; and (ii) the Second Merger immediately following the consummation of the First Merger,
in which Terrapin Parent will merge with and into Yatra, with Yatra surviving the Second Merger. As a result of the Mergers, we
will become a partially owned subsidiary of Yatra. 

Pursuant to the Mergers,
each share of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers (other than redeemed
shares), will be automatically converted into one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of Yatra (each, an  Ordinary
Share ). 

In connection with,
and as a condition to the consummation of, the Transaction, the Business Combination Agreement provides that we and the holders
of Class F common stock will enter into a Forfeiture Letter, pursuant to which such holders will forfeit one-half of the shares
of Class F common stock held by them, effective as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Transaction (except that, because
the Macquarie Sponsor will forego its right to acquire 1,000,000 shares of Class F common stock pursuant to the amendment to the
Forward Purchase Contract, dated July 16, 2014, between us and the Macquarie Sponsor, it will forfeit 105,781 of its 1,211,563
shares of Class F common stock, resulting in an aggregate forfeiture of one-half of the shares of Class F common stock which they
otherwise would have been entitled to receive). Following such forfeiture, 3,159,375 shares of Class F common stock will remain
outstanding. Each share of Class F common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers will
remain outstanding as a share of Class F common stock, and, pursuant to the Mergers, each holder of Class F common stock will also
receive one Class F Share, par value $0.0001, of Yatra (each, a  Class F Share ) for each share of Class F common stock
held by such holder. The Class F Shares will be voting shares only and have no economic rights. Following the consummation of the
Transaction, the holders of Class F common stock will be entitled to exchange their shares of Class F common stock for Ordinary
Shares (on a share for share basis) and, upon such exchange, an equal number of Class F Shares held by the exchanging shareholder
will be converted by Yatra into 0.0001 of an Ordinary Share for each Class F Share converted. 

Each of Yatra s
Ordinary Share certificates issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger will be automatically
deemed to be substituted by one Ordinary Share certificate registered pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form F-4
of Yatra filed with the SEC. Each Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers
will ultimately receive a fraction of a Yatra Ordinary Share, which such fraction is calculated on the basis of a pre-closing enterprise
value of Yatra equal to $218 million as increased by the aggregate exercise price of all outstanding Yatra options and warrants
and as increased by the amount of Yatra s cash and decreased by the amount of Yatra s indebtedness, in each case, as
set forth on Yatra s balance sheet dated June 30, 2016.     

Promissory
Notes 

On July 19, 2016, we
issued promissory notes to the Sponsors in the aggregate amount of $250,000 pursuant to the Expense Advance Agreement dated July
16, 2014, by and between the Sponsors and the Company. The notes bear no interest and are convertible into warrants identical to
the Public Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the note holder. 

The Extension 

On July 19,
2016, at a special meeting of our stockholders, our stockholders approved the Extension which includes: (i) an amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination for an additional 150 days, from July 22, 2016 to December 19, 2016 (the
 Extended Date ), provided that we have executed a definitive agreement for a business combination on or before
July 22, 2016; and (ii) an amendment to our investment management trust agreement, dated July 16, 2014, by and between us and
Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company to extend the date on which to commence liquidating the trust account
established in connection with our Public Offering in the event the Company has not consummated a business combination by the
Extended Date. 

In connection with
the special meeting held on July 19, 2016, stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock were permitted to exercise their
right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account at a redemption price of $10.00 per share. Stockholders
holding 11,336,888 shares of Class A common stock elected to have their shares redeemed. As a result of such redemptions, as of
September 23, 2016, a total of $99.38 million remained in our trust account and a total of 9,938,112 shares of Class A common stock
remained outstanding. 

Nasdaq
Notice  

On August 23, 2016,
we received a written notice (the  Notice ) from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market ( Nasdaq )
indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(3) (the  Minimum Public Holders Rule ),
which requires the Company to have at least 300 public holders for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The Notice is
a notification of deficiency and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on the NASDAQ
Capital Market. 

The Notice stated that
we have 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. On September 16, 2016, we
submitted a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule within the required timeframe. If Nasdaq accepts our
plan, Nasdaq may grant the Company an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance with
the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept our plan, we will have the opportunity to appeal the decision in front
of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

All activity through
September 30, 2016 relates to our formation, the preparation for our Public Offering and searching for a target for the Business
Combination. We did not have any financial instruments that were exposed to market risks at September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules
13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

During the most recently
completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our annual report for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 25, 2015. Any of these factors could result in a significant
or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to
us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed
with the SEC on March 25, 2015, except as set forth in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed with the SEC by Yatra on September
29, 2016, and we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with
the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated
by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit     
  Number   
       
       Description    
 
      2.1  
       
      Business Combination Agreement, dated July 13, 2016, by and among the Company, Yatra, Terrapin Parent, Terrapin Merger Sub, Macquarie Sponsor and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as the Shareholders  Representative (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the SEC on July 18, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      2.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated September 28, 2016, by and among the Company, Yatra, TRTL Parent, TRTL Merger Sub, Macquarie Sponsor and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, solely in its capacity as the Shareholders  Representative (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the SEC on September 30, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).   
 
      32.1**  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350.   
 
      32.2**  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350.   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

**  
      Furnished herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

TERRAPIN 3 ACQUISITION CORPORATION    

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Sanjay Arora   

Name: Sanjay Arora   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Guy
    Barudin   

Name: Guy Barudin   

Title: Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451107_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Sanjay Arora, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Sanjay Arora   

Sanjay Arora   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451107_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Guy Barudin, certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)          Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Guy Barudin   

Guy Barudin   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451107_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  

I, Sanjay Arora, Chief Executive Officer
of Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1.    the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.    the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:    November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Sanjay Arora   

Sanjay Arora 
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451107_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  

I, Guy Barudin, Chief Financial Officer
of Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1.    the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.    the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:    November
    9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Guy Barudin   

Guy Barudin 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 trtlu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trtlu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trtlu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trtlu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trtlu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trtlu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

