<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_731288_0001193125-16-760203_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3831545</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71938</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>222105</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>729873</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1685290</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>895629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760203.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104161900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000731288
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		IRS NUMBER:				916029712
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11677
		FILM NUMBER:		161975387

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 106TH AVE N E
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1518
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254687100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1518
		STREET 2:		777 106TH AVE NE
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760203.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d259416d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q       
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission File No. 001-11677   
  PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
    (425) 468-7100   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer: 

Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer: 

Smaller reporting company: 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  
 Common Stock, $100 par value   145,000 shares as of October 31, 2016  
 THE REGISTRANT IS A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF PACCAR INC AND MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS (H)(1)(a) and (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS,
THEREFORE, FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT.          

Table of Contents  

     PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
  INDEX       
 
      - 2 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AND RETAINED
EARNINGS (Unaudited)     (Millions of Dollars)  
       
   Earnings per share and dividends per share are not reported because the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Inc.
   See Notes to Financial Statements.  
      - 3 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
     BALANCE SHEETS   
 (Millions of Dollars)      

* 
 The December 31, 2015 balance sheet has been derived from audited financial statements.      See Notes to
Financial Statements.  
      - 4 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
     STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)   
 (Millions of Dollars)      
   
   See Notes to Financial Statements.  
      - 5 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)  
    NOTE A - Basis of Presentation   
 PACCAR Financial Corp. (the  Company ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Inc ( PACCAR ). The Company primarily provides financing of
PACCAR manufactured trucks and related equipment sold by authorized dealers. The Company also finances dealer inventories of transportation equipment and franchises Kenworth and Peterbilt dealerships to engage in full-service and finance leasing.
The operations of the Company are fundamentally affected by its relationship with PACCAR.    The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      New Accounting Pronouncements:    
 In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) ASU 2016-16  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory . The amendment in this ASU requires recognition of income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Currently the recognition of current and
deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer is recognized when the asset has been sold to an outside party. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual
periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendment in this ASU addresses diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The standard should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the standard retrospectively, the standard would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its Statements of Cash
Flows.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . The amendment in this ASU requires entities having financial assets measured at amortized cost to estimate credit reserves under an expected credit loss model rather than the current incurred loss model. Under this new model,
expected credit losses will be based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability. The ASU is effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its
financial statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  which amends the existing accounting standards for leases.
Under the new lease standard, lessees will recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases (other than short-term leases). Lessor accounting is largely unchanged. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements.  
      - 6 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic
825-10):     Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The amendment in this ASU addresses the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The ASU is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This ASU will not have a material
impact on the Company s financial statements. The Company expects to adopt it on the effective date of  January 1, 2017.    In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . This ASU amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. Under the new revenue recognition model, a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB has subsequently issued several related ASUs to clarify the
implementation guidance in ASU 2014-09. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted, but no sooner than annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the
transition alternatives and impact on the Company s financial statements.    The Company adopted the following standards effective January 1, 2016,
none of which had a material impact on the Company s financial statements.      

STANDARD   
    
    DESCRIPTION    

2015-03 
    
  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   

2015-15 
    
  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measure of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements.   
 
      - 7 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
   NOTE B - Finance and Other Receivables   
 The Company s finance and other receivables include the following:      
   Recognition of interest income and rental revenue is suspended (put on non-accrual status) when the receivable becomes
more than 90 days past the contractual due date or earlier if some other event causes the Company to determine that collection is not probable. Accordingly, no finance receivables more than 90 days past due were accruing interest at September 30,
2016 or December 31, 2015. Recognition is resumed if the receivable becomes current by the payment of all amounts due under the terms of the existing contract and collection of remaining amounts is considered probable (if not contractually
modified) or if the customer makes scheduled payments for three months and collection of remaining amounts is considered probable (if contractually modified). Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to
interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms.     Allowance for Credit Losses   
 The Company continuously monitors the payment performance of its finance receivables. For large retail finance customers and dealers with wholesale financing,
the Company regularly reviews their financial statements and makes site visits and phone contact as appropriate. If the Company becomes aware of circumstances that could cause those customers or dealers to face financial difficulty, whether or not
they are past due, the customers are placed on a watch list.    The Company modifies loans and finance leases in the normal course of its operations. The
Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays
are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers
considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company s modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification.  
      - 8 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the
creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. When the Company modifies loans and finance leases for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modifications are
classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDR). The Company does not typically grant credit modifications for customers that do not meet minimum underwriting standards since the Company normally repossesses the financed equipment in these
circumstances. When such modifications do occur, they are considered TDRs.    On average, modifications extended contractual terms by approximately three
months in 2016 and four months in 2015, and did not have a significant effect on the weighted average term or interest rate of the total portfolio at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  
 The Company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The
retail segment consists of retail loans and direct finance leases, net of unearned interest. The wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. The wholesale segment
generally has less risk than the retail segment. Wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the Company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer s financial condition, conducts periodic
audits of the trucks being financed and, in many cases, obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a
similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over 36 to 60 months, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and
general reserves.    The Company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. Finance receivables that are evaluated individually for
impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. A finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the Company will be unable to
collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. In addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as TDRs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. Generally, impaired accounts
are on non-accrual status. Impaired accounts classified as TDRs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the Company will collect all principal and interest payments.  
 Impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. Large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to
determine the appropriate reserve for losses. The determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. When the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the Company s recorded
investment, no reserve is recorded. Small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss information discussed below.  
 The Company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for
both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. Information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts,
repossession rates, the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse.    The Company has
developed a range of loss estimates for its portfolio based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. A projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses
inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined as probable based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the Company s borrowers and their ability to repay. After determining the
appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management s estimate of incurred credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio.  

      - 9 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  In determining the fair value of the collateral, the Company uses a pricing matrix and categorizes the fair
value as Level 2 in the hierarchy of fair value measurement. The pricing matrix is reviewed quarterly and updated as appropriate. The pricing matrix considers the make, model and year of the equipment as well as recent sales prices of comparable
equipment through wholesale channels to the Company s dealers (principal market). The fair value of the collateral also considers the overall condition of the equipment.  
 Accounts are charged-off against the allowance for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible (generally upon
repossession of the collateral). Typically the timing between the repossession and charge-off is not significant. In cases where repossession is delayed (e.g., for legal proceedings), the Company records partial charge-offs. The charge-off is
determined by comparing the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell, to the recorded investment.    For the following credit quality disclosures,
finance receivables are classified into two portfolio segments, wholesale and retail. The retail portfolio is further segmented into dealer retail and customer retail. The dealer wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing to PACCAR
dealers. The dealer retail segment consists of loans and leases to participating dealers and franchises that use the proceeds to fund customers  acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. The customer retail segment consists of
loans and leases directly to customers for the acquisition of commercial vehicles and related equipment. Customer retail receivables are further segregated between fleet and owner/operator classes. The fleet class consists of retail accounts of
customers operating more than five trucks. All other customer retail accounts are considered owner/operator. These two classes have similar measurement attributes, risk characteristics and common methods to monitor and assess credit risk.  
 The allowance for credit losses is summarized as follows:      

* 
 Operating lease and other trade receivables    
      - 10 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  Information regarding finance receivables evaluated and the associated allowances determined individually and
collectively is as follows:      
   The recorded investment for finance receivables that are on non-accrual status is as follows:  

- 11 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
   Impaired Loans   
 Impaired loans are summarized below. The impaired loans with a specific reserve represent the unpaid principal balance. The recorded investment of impaired
loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was not significantly different than the unpaid principal balance.      

During the
period the loans above were considered impaired, interest income recognized on a cash basis was as follows:      
 
      - 12 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
   Credit Quality   
 The Company s customers are principally concentrated in the transportation industry in the United States. The Company s portfolio assets are
diversified over a large number of customers and dealers with no single customer or dealer balance representing over 10% of the total portfolio assets as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The Company retains as collateral a security
interest in the related equipment.    At the inception of each contract, the Company considers the credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors
including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit-rating agency ratings, loan-to-value ratios and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors credit quality based on past due status and collection
experience as there is a meaningful correlation between the past due status of customers and the risk of loss.    The Company has three credit quality
indicators: performing, watch and at-risk. Performing accounts pay in accordance with the contractual terms and are not considered high-risk. Watch accounts include accounts 31 to 90 days past due and large accounts that are performing but are
considered to be high-risk. Watch accounts are not impaired. At-risk accounts are accounts that are impaired, including TDRs, accounts over 90 days past due and other accounts on non-accrual status.  
 The tables below summarize the Company s finance receivables by credit quality indicator and portfolio class.  

- 13 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  The tables below summarize the Company s finance receivables by aging category. In determining past due
status, the Company considers the entire contractual account balance past due when any installment is over 30 days past due. Substantially all customer accounts that were greater than 30 days past due prior to credit modification became current upon
modification for aging purposes.      
    Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 The balance of TDRs was $17.0 at September 30, 2016 and $15.9 at December 31, 2015. At modification date, the pre-modification and post-modification recorded
investment balances for finance receivables modified during the periods by portfolio class are as follows:      
 
      - 14 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  The effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at September 30,
2016 and 2015.    The post-modification recorded investment of finance receivables modified as TDRs during the previous twelve months that subsequently
defaulted (i.e. became more than 30 days past due) and charged off during the periods by portfolio class are as follows:      
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no significant TDRs that subsequently defaulted and were
not charged-off.     Repossessions     When the Company
determines that a customer is not likely to meet its contractual commitments, the Company repossesses the vehicles which serve as collateral for the loans, finance leases and equipment under operating lease. The Company records the vehicles as used
truck inventory included in Other assets on the Balance Sheets. The balance of repossessed units at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $21.3 and $7.2, respectively.  
 Proceeds from sales of repossessed assets were $13.0 and $9.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These amounts are included
in Proceeds from disposal of equipment on the Statements of Cash Flows. Write-downs of repossessed equipment on operating leases are recorded as impairments and included in Depreciation and other rental expenses on the Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Retained Earnings.     NOTE C   Transactions with PACCAR and Affiliates   
 The Company and PACCAR are parties to a Support Agreement that obligates PACCAR to provide, when required, financial assistance to the Company to ensure that
the Company maintains a ratio of earnings to fixed charges (as defined in the Support Agreement) of at least 1.25 to 1 for any fiscal year. The required ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and full year 2015 was met without
assistance. The Support Agreement also requires PACCAR to own, directly or indirectly, all outstanding voting stock of the Company.    Periodically, the
Company makes loans to, borrows from and has intercompany transactions with PACCAR. In addition, the Company periodically loans funds to certain foreign finance and leasing affiliates of PACCAR. These various affiliates have Support Agreements with
PACCAR, similar to the Company s Support Agreement with PACCAR. The foreign affiliates operate in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Mexico, Canada and Australia. Loans to these foreign affiliates during 2016 and 2015 were denominated in
United States dollars. The foreign affiliates primarily provide financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and related equipment sold through the DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in Europe, Mexico, Canada and
Australia. The Company will not make aggregate loans to the foreign affiliates in excess of the equivalent of $500.0 U.S. dollars, unless the amount in excess of such limit is guaranteed by PACCAR. The Company periodically reviews the funding
alternatives for these affiliates, and these limits may be revised in the future.  
      - 15 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  Amounts outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, including those with foreign finance
affiliates operating in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Mexico, Canada and Australia are summarized below:      
   The Company is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of PACCAR. The tax-related receivable due from PACCAR
represents the related tax benefit to be settled with PACCAR.    The Company provides direct financing leases to dealer locations operated by an affiliate
of PACCAR.    PACCAR charges the Company for certain administrative services it provides. These costs were charged to the Company based upon the
Company s specific use of the services and PACCAR s cost.    The Company s principal office is located in the corporate headquarters building
of PACCAR (owned by PACCAR). The Company also leases office space from another facility owned by PACCAR and four facilities leased by PACCAR.    The
Company s employees and PACCAR employees are covered by a defined benefit pension plan sponsored by PACCAR. The assets and liabilities of the plan are reflected on the balance sheets of PACCAR. PACCAR contributes to the plan and allocates the
expenses to the Company based principally on the number of eligible plan participants. Expenses for the defined benefit pension plan are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.  
 The Company s employees and PACCAR employees are also covered by a defined contribution plan sponsored by PACCAR. Expenses incurred by the Company for
the defined contribution plan benefits are based on the actual contribution made on behalf of the participating employees and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.  
  NOTE D   Stockholder s Equity      Preferred
Stock     The Company s Articles of Incorporation provide that the 6% noncumulative, nonvoting preferred stock (100% owned by PACCAR) is redeemable
only at the option of the Company s Board of Directors.  
      - 16 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
   Comprehensive Income   
 The components of comprehensive income are as follows:      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) of $2.8 and $1.4 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, is comprised of the unrealized net loss
on derivative contracts, net of taxes. Changes in and reclassifications out of AOCL during the periods are as follows:      
    NOTE E   Fair Value Measurements   
 Fair value represents the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. Inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value are either observable or unobservable. These inputs have been categorized into the fair value hierarchy described below: 
 Level 1   Valuations are based on quoted prices that the Company has the ability to obtain in actively traded markets for identical assets
or liabilities. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market or exchange traded market, valuation of these instruments does not require a significant degree of judgment.  
 Level 2   Valuations are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.  
      - 17 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  Level 3   Valuations are based on model-based techniques for which some or all of the
assumptions are obtained from indirect market information that is significant to the overall fair value measurement and which require a significant degree of management judgment.  
 There were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels at the end of the reporting period.     Assets and Liabilities Subject to Non-recurring and
Recurring Fair Value Measurement     Impaired loans and used trucks held for sale are measured on a non-recurring basis. Derivative contracts are measured
on a recurring basis. The Company s assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements are as follows:      
   The Company uses the following methods and assumptions to measure fair value for assets and liabilities subject to
non-recurring and recurring fair value measurements.    Impaired Loans:  Impaired loans that are individually evaluated are generally considered
collateral dependent. Accordingly, the evaluation of individual reserves on such loans considers the fair value of the associated collateral (estimated sales proceeds less the costs to sell).  
  Used Trucks Held for Sale:  The carrying amount of used trucks held for sale is written down as necessary to reflect the fair value less costs to
sell. The Company determines the fair value of used trucks from a pricing matrix, which is based on the market approach. The significant observable inputs into the valuation model are recent sales prices of comparable units and the condition of the
vehicles. Used truck impairments related to units held at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $12.7 and $2.5 during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. These assets, which are shown in the above table when they are written down to
fair value less costs to sell, are categorized as Level 2 and are included in Other assets on the Balance Sheets.     Derivative Financial
Instruments:  The Company s derivative financial instruments consist of interest-rate swaps and are carried at fair value. These derivative contracts are traded over the counter and their fair value is determined using industry standard
valuation models, which are based on the income approach (i.e., discounted cash flows). The significant observable inputs into the valuation models include interest rates, yield curves and credit default swap spreads. These contracts are categorized
as Level 2 and are included in Other assets and Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other on the Balance Sheets.  
      - 18 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
   Fair Value Disclosure of Other Financial Instruments   
 For financial instruments that are not recognized at fair value, the Company uses the following methods and assumptions to determine the fair value. These
instruments are categorized as Level 2, except cash which is categorized as Level 1 and fixed rate loans which are categorized as Level 3.     Cash: 
Carrying amounts approximate fair value.     Net Receivables:  For floating rate loans, dealer wholesale financings and operating lease and other trade
receivables, carrying values approximate fair values. For fixed rate loans, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on current rates for comparable loans. Finance lease receivables
and related allowance for credit losses have been excluded from the accompanying table.    Commercial Paper and Medium-Term Notes:  The carrying
amounts of the Company s commercial paper and variable medium-term notes approximate fair value. For fixed rate debt, fair values are estimated using the income approach by discounting cash flows to their present value based on current
rates for comparable debt.    The Company s estimate of fair value for fixed rate loans and debt that are not carried at fair value was as follows:
     
    NOTE F   Derivative Financial Instruments   
 Interest-rate contracts involve the exchange of fixed for floating rate or floating for fixed rate interest payments based on the contractual notional amounts
in a single currency. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk caused by market volatility as a result of its borrowing activities. The objective of these contracts is to mitigate the fluctuations on earnings, cash flows and fair value of
borrowings. Net amounts paid or received are reflected as adjustments to interest expense. The notional amount is used to measure the volume of these contracts and does not represent exposure to credit loss.  
 At September 30, 2016, the notional amount of these contracts totaled $1,201.0 with amounts expiring over the next four years. Notional maturities
for all interest-rate contracts are $45.0 for the remainder of 2016, $150.0 for 2017, $460.0 for 2018, $446.0 for 2019, $40.0 for 2020 and $60.0 for 2021.  
      - 19 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
 (Millions of Dollars)       
  The following table presents the balance sheet classification, fair value and gross and net amounts of
derivative financial instruments:      
   All of the Company s interest-rate contracts are transacted under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA)
master agreements. Each agreement permits the net settlement of amounts owed in the event of default and certain other termination events.    The Company
has elected not to offset derivative positions in the balance sheet with the same counterparty under the same agreements and is not required to post or receive collateral. Exposure limits and minimum credit ratings are used to minimize the risks of
counterparty default. The Company s maximum exposure to potential default of its swap counterparties is limited to the asset position of its swap portfolio. The asset position of the Company s swap portfolio was $2.6 at September 30, 2016.
   The Company uses regression analysis to assess effectiveness of interest-rate contracts on a quarterly basis. All components of the derivative
instrument s gain or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Gains or losses on the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges are recognized in current earnings and were immaterial for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when the Company determines that a derivative financial instrument has ceased to be a highly effective hedge.  
  Cash Flow Hedges     Certain of the Company s
interest-rate contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCL to the extent such hedges are considered effective. The maximum length of time over which
the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is four years.    Amounts in AOCL are reclassified into net income in the same
period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The amount of loss recorded in AOCL at September 30, 2016 that is estimated to be reclassified to interest expense in the following 12 months if interest rates remain unchanged is
approximately $1.4, net of taxes. The fixed interest earned on finance receivables will offset the amount recognized in interest expense, resulting in a stable interest margin consistent with the Company s interest rate risk management
strategy.  
      - 20 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    
   (Millions of Dollars)    
   
   Fair Value Hedges   
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings together with the changes in fair value of the hedged item
attributable to the risk being hedged. The expense or (income) recognized in earnings related to fair value hedges was included in Interest and other borrowing costs as follows:  
   
    NOTE G   Income Taxes   
 The effective income tax rate for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 was 31.2% and 35.4%, respectively, compared to 39.7% and 38.2% for the third
quarter and first nine months of 2015, reflecting lower deferred state tax expense in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of a lower state tax rate applied to the deferred tax liabilities.  
 The Company is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of PACCAR. Federal income taxes for the Company are determined on a separate return
basis. State income taxes, where the Company files combined tax returns with PACCAR, are determined on a blended statutory rate, which is substantially the same as the rate computed on a separate return basis.  
      - 21 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  (Millions of Dollars)      
   Results of Operations        
    New Business Volume     New
business volume from retail loans and direct financing leases in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 decreased to $342.4 and $1,078.8, respectively, from $452.8 and $1,231.6 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 due to lower
sales of PACCAR trucks in 2016. Equipment on operating leases new business volume increased to $200.6 and $496.4 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, from $135.8 and $457.3 in the third quarter and first nine months of
2015, primarily due to higher fleet business in 2016. Dealer master notes new business volume decreased to $48.2 and $117.3 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, from $71.5 and $175.6 in the third quarter and first nine
months of 2015, due to lower truck sales resulting in decreased finance volume from dealers.    In the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, market
share on new PACCAR trucks was 24.3% and 23.2% compared to 21.4% and 21.6% in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively.  
      - 22 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
   Income Before Income Taxes   
 The Company s income before income taxes was $31.4 for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $46.9 for the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in income
before income taxes in 2016 was primarily the result of lower operating lease margin of $6.1, lower finance margin of $3.7, higher provision for losses of $2.5 and lower results from used trucks and other of $2.4.  
 The Company s income before income taxes was $103.6 for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $137.8 for the first nine months of 2015. The decrease
in income before income taxes in 2016 was primarily the result of lower operating lease margin of $15.8, lower finance margin of $7.6, higher provision for losses of $4.9 and lower results from used trucks and other of $4.0.  
  Revenue and Expenses     The major factors for the change in
interest and fee income, interest and other borrowing costs and finance margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below:      

Average finance receivables decreased $88.6 in the third quarter of 2016 primarily due to lower dealer wholesale financing, partially offset by a higher retail portfolio.    

Average receivables from PACCAR and affiliates increased $77.1 in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of new loans to affiliated companies exceeding collections.    

Average debt balances increased $45.2 in the third quarter of 2016, reflecting funding requirements for the portfolio and affiliated companies.    

- 23 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
  The major factors for the change in interest and fee income, interest and other borrowing costs and finance
margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below:      

Average finance receivables increased $103.3 in the first nine months of 2016 as a result of retail portfolio new business volume exceeding collections.    

Average receivables from PACCAR and affiliates decreased $115.3 in the first nine months of 2016 as a result of collections exceeding new loans to affiliated companies.    

Average borrowing rates in the first nine months of 2016 were 1.4% compared to 1.1% in the first nine months of 2015 due to higher debt market interest rates.    
      - 24 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
  The major factors for the change in operating lease and rental revenues, depreciation and other rental
expenses and operating lease margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below:      

Operating lease impairments increased in 2016 reflecting lower used truck market prices.        

Results on returned lease assets were lower in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to lower margin per unit sold.        

Average operating lease assets increased as a result of a higher volume of equipment placed in service from higher demand for leased vehicles.    

Revenue per asset decreased driven by lower rental utilization and fuel revenue. Cost per asset decreased due to lower vehicle related expenses, including fuel expense.    
      - 25 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
  The major factors for the change in operating lease and rental revenues, depreciation and other rental
expenses and operating lease margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are outlined in the table below:      

Operating lease impairments increased in 2016 reflecting lower used truck market prices.        

Results on returned lease assets were lower in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to lower margin per unit sold.        

Average operating lease assets increased as a result of a higher volume of equipment placed in service from higher demand for leased vehicles.    

Revenue per asset decreased driven by lower rental utilization and fuel revenue. Cost per asset decreased due to lower vehicle related expenses, including fuel expense.    
 Used truck sales and other revenues and cost of used truck sales and other expenses are summarized below for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2015:      
   Results from used trucks and other in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 decreased by $2.4 and $4.0,
respectively, compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, primarily due to impairments of used trucks resulting from lower used truck market prices.  
      - 26 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
   Allowance for Credit Losses   
 The following table summarizes information on the Company s allowance for credit losses on receivables and asset portfolio and presents related ratios:
     
   The provision for losses on receivables in the first nine months of 2016 increased to $9.1 from $4.2 in the first nine months
of 2015 primarily due to losses from customers associated with the oil and gas exploration business and an increase in the retail loan portfolio.  
 Charge-offs, net of recoveries increased to $9.7 in the first nine months of 2016 from $2.0 in the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to customers
associated with the oil and gas exploration business.    Retail loan and lease receivables past due over 30 days at September 30, 2016 was .20% compared to
..31% at December 31, 2015 and .37% at September 30, 2015, reflecting one fleet customer charged off in 2016. The Company continues to focus on maintaining low past due balances.  
 The estimation methods and factors considered for determining the allowance during the periods included in this filing have been consistently applied. See
 Note B   Finance and Other Receivables  for additional discussion regarding the Allowance for Credit Losses.  
      - 27 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
   Modifications   
 The Company modifies loans and finance leases in the normal course of its operations. The Company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or
for credit reasons. Modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. Insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers
experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. Modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The Company s modifications
typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. When considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the Company evaluates the
creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the Company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. When the Company modifies loans and finance leases for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modifications are
classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDR).    The post-modification balance of accounts modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 are summarized below:      

* 
 Recorded investment immediately after modification as a percentage of period-end portfolio, on an annualized basis    
 Modification activity increased in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The increase in modifications for commercial
reasons primarily reflects higher volumes of refinancing, including contract modifications for one large customer. The increase in modifications for insignificant delay reflects more fleet customers requesting payment relief for up to three months.
Credit   TDR modifications increased to $14.8 in 2016 from $.4 in 2015 mainly due to the contract modifications for two large fleet customers.    When
the Company modifies a 30+ days past due account, the customer is then generally considered current under the revised contractual terms. The Company modified $.9 of accounts during the third quarter of 2016, $.1 of accounts during the 4th quarter of
2015 and no accounts during the third quarter of 2015 that were 30+ days past due and became current at the time of modification. Had these accounts not been modified and had they continued to not make payments, the pro forma percentage of retail
loan and lease accounts 30+ days past due would have been as follows:      
 
      - 28 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
   Portfolio   
 The Company s portfolio is concentrated with customers in the heavy- and medium-duty truck transportation industry. The portfolio is comprised of retail
loans and leases, dealer wholesale financing and dealer master notes as follows:      
   Retail loans increased to $2,964.2 at September 30, 2016 from $2,898.4 at December 31, 2015 due to new business volume
exceeding collections.    Retail leases decreased to $1,488.5 at September 30, 2016 from $1,552.0 at December 31, 2015 reflecting collections exceeding new
business volume.    Dealer wholesale financing balances decreased to $863.8 at September 30, 2016 from $967.1 at December 31, 2015 due to lower dealer new
truck inventory.    Dealer master notes were $28.7 at September 30, 2016 compared to $43.0 at December 31, 2015. Dealers may pay the loans early or make
additional draws up to specified balances of the contracts pledged to the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the underlying pledged contracts were $83.1 upon which the dealers have available $45.4 as potential additional borrowing capacity.  
  Income Taxes     The effective income tax rate for the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016 was 31.2% and 35.4%, respectively, compared to 39.7% and 38.2% for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, reflecting lower deferred state tax expense in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
compared to 2015 as a result of a lower state tax rate applied to the deferred tax liabilities.    The Company is included in the consolidated federal
income tax return of PACCAR. Federal income taxes for the Company are determined on a separate return basis. State income taxes, where the Company files combined tax returns with PACCAR, are determined on a blended statutory rate, which is
substantially the same as the rate computed on a separate return basis.       The Company s deferred income tax provision for the first
nine months of 2016 was $8.1 compared to deferred income tax benefit of $9.1 for the first nine months of 2015. The Company s net deferred tax liability increased to $781.0 at September 30, 2016 from $773.7 at December 31, 2015 due to higher
benefits from accelerated depreciation. Deferred taxes are impacted by new business volume and the accelerated depreciation deduction rate under U.S. tax law. The difference in the timing of depreciation for financial statement and income tax
purposes does not impact operating results and is not expected to have a significant impact on liquidity in 2016.  
      - 29 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
    Company Outlook    
 Truck industry Class 8 retail sales in the U.S. in 2016 are expected to be 195,000   205,000 units compared to 248,800 units in 2015. Truck industry Class
8 retail sales in the U.S. in 2017 are expected to be 180,000   210,000 units. Average earning assets this year are expected to grow approximately 2% for the year as the portfolio growth in 2015 resulted in a higher portfolio balance at the
beginning of 2016. 2017 average earning assets are expected to be comparable to balances as of September 30, 2016. Current good levels of freight tonnage, freight rates and fleet utilization are contributing to customers  profitability and cash
flow. If current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels. See the Forward-Looking Statements section
of Management s Discussion and Analysis for factors that may affect this outlook.      Funding and Liquidity    
 The Company s debt ratings at September 30, 2016 are as follows:      

Standard and Poor s  

Moody s  

Commercial paper   

A-1  

P-1  

Senior unsecured debt   

A+  

A1  
       
   A decrease in these credit ratings could negatively impact the Company s ability to access capital markets at competitive
interest rates and the Company s ability to maintain liquidity and financial stability.    The Company periodically registers debt securities under the
Securities Act of 1933 for offering to the public. In November 2015, the Company filed a shelf registration statement to issue medium-term notes. The shelf registration statement expires in November 2018 and does not limit the principal amount of
debt securities that may be issued during the period.    The Company participated with PACCAR and certain other PACCAR affiliates in syndicated credit
facilities of $3,000.0 at September 30, 2016. Of this amount, $1,000.0 expires in June 2017, $1,000.0 expires in 2020 and $1,000.0 expires in 2021. PACCAR and the Company intend to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with
facilities of similar amounts and duration.    Of the $3,000.0 credit facilities, $1,953.0 is available for use by the Company and/or PACCAR and PACCAR
Financial Europe. The remaining $1,047.0 is allocated to other non-U.S. PACCAR financial subsidiaries. These credit facilities are used to provide backup liquidity for the Company s commercial paper and maturing medium-term notes. The Company
is liable only for its own borrowings under these credit facilities. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The Company issues commercial paper and medium-term notes to fund its financing and leasing operations. Some of this commercial paper is converted to fixed
interest rate debt through the use of interest-rate swaps, which are used to manage interest rate risk. The total principal amounts of commercial paper and medium-term notes outstanding for the Company as of September 30, 2016 were $1,458.2 and
$4,650.0, respectively.    The Company believes its current investment grade credit ratings of A+/A1, syndicated bank lines, collections on existing loans
and leases and its ability to borrow from PACCAR, if necessary, will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates to maintain its liquidity and financial stability. In the event of a
decrease in the Company s credit ratings or a disruption in the financial markets, the Company may not be able to refinance its maturing debt in the financial markets. In such circumstances, the Company would be exposed to liquidity risk to the
degree that the timing of debt maturities differs from the timing of receivable collections from customers. The Company believes its various sources of liquidity would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing
debt obligations.  
      - 30 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
  Other information on liquidity, sources of capital, and contractual cash commitments as presented in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Annual Report ) continues to be relevant.  
   Forward-Looking Statements      This report contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement
that does not relate to any historical or current fact. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results. Risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to: national and local economic, political and industry conditions; changes in the levels of new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new PACCAR truck sales or reduced market share; changes in competitive factors;
changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators; price changes impacting equipment costs and residual values; changes in interest rates and other operating costs; insufficient liquidity in the capital markets and availability of
other funding sources; cybersecurity risks to the Company s information technology systems; litigation including the Company or affiliated entities; and legislation and governmental regulation.  
  Item 3  is omitted pursuant to Form 10-Q General Instructions (H)(2)(c).      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       The Company s management, with the participation of the Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  
 There have been no significant changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this
report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      - 31 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
   P  ART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       The Company is a party to various routine legal proceedings
incidental to its business involving the collection of accounts and other matters. The Company does not consider such matters to be material with respect to the business or financial condition of the Company as a whole.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       For information regarding risk factors, refer to Part I, Item 1A as presented in the 2015
Annual Report. Except for the item described below, there have been no other material changes in the Company s risk factors during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Litigation and Regulatory Actions.  Following the recent European Commission (EC) settlement, claims and a petition to certify a claim as a class action
have been filed against DAF, a subsidiary of PACCAR Inc, and other truck manufacturers. Others may bring EC-related claims against PACCAR Inc or its subsidiaries. While PACCAR Inc believes it has meritorious defenses, such claims will likely take a
significant period of time to resolve. An adverse outcome of such proceedings could have a material impact on PACCAR Inc s results of operations.  
  Items 2, 3  and  4  are omitted pursuant to Form 10-Q General Instructions (H)(2)(b).  
 For  Item 5 , there was no reportable information during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       Any exhibits filed herewith are listed in the accompanying index to exhibits.  
      - 32 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

PACCAR Financial Corp.    

(Registrant)  

Date 
   
   November 4, 2016  

/s/ Todd R. Hubbard   

Todd R. Hubbard  

President  

(Authorized Officer)  

/s/ Jamie J. Axtell   

Jamie J. Axtell  

Controller  

(Chief Accounting Officer)  
 
      - 33 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
   
     EXHIBIT INDEX   
  Exhibits (in order of assigned index numbers)       
 
      - 34 -  

Table of Contents  

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   FORM 10-Q   
  EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit  
  Number   
    
    Exhibit Description   
    
  Form  

Date of First   Filing  

Exhibit Number  

File   Number  

(31) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications: 

(a) 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer* 

(b) 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer* 

(32) 

Section 1350 Certifications: 

(a) 
    
 Certification pursuant to rule 13a-14(b) and section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350)* 

(101.INS) 

XBRL Instance Document* 

(101.SCH) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document* 

(101.CAL) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document* 

(101.DEF) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document* 

(101.LAB) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document* 

(101.PRE) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document* 

* 
 Filed herewith    
      - 35 -  

<EX-12.(A)>
 2
 d259416dex12a.htm
 EX-12(A)

EX-12(a) 

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP. - FORM 10-Q   
  EXHIBIT 12(a)   
   COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES    
   PURSUANT TO SEC REPORTING REQUIREMENTS     (1)    
 (Millions of Dollars)      

(1) 
 The method of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges shown above complies with SEC reporting requirements but differs from the method called for in the Support Agreement between the Company and PACCAR as shown
in Exhibit 12(b).    

</EX-12.(A)>

<EX-12.(B)>
 3
 d259416dex12b.htm
 EX-12(B)

EX-12(b) 

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP. - FORM 10-Q   
  EXHIBIT 12(b)   
   COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES    
   PURSUANT TO THE SUPPORT AGREEMENT    
   BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND PACCAR    
 (Millions of Dollars)      

</EX-12.(B)>

<EX-31.(A)>
 4
 d259416dex31a.htm
 EX-31(A)

EX-31(a) 

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   
  CERTIFICATION      Exhibit
31(a)     I, Ronald E. Armstrong, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PACCAR Financial Corp.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Ronald E. Armstrong   

Ronald E. Armstrong  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.(A)>

<EX-31.(B)>
 5
 d259416dex31b.htm
 EX-31(B)

EX-31(b) 

PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   
  CERTIFICATION      Exhibit
31(b)     I, Robert A. Bengston, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PACCAR Financial Corp.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date   November 4,
2016                                         

/s/ Robert A. Bengston   

Robert A. Bengston   

Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.(B)>

<EX-32.(A)>
 6
 d259416dex32a.htm
 EX-32(A)

EX-32(a) 

Exhibit 32(a)   
  PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP.   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PACCAR Financial Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350), that to the best of our knowledge and belief:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date 
   
   November 4, 2016  

/s/ Ronald E. Armstrong   

Ronald E. Armstrong   Chief Executive Officer 
 PACCAR Financial Corp.   (Principal Executive
Officer)   

/s/ Robert A. Bengston   

Robert A. Bengston   Principal Financial
Officer   PACCAR Financial Corp.   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.(A)>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ck0000731288-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ck0000731288-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ck0000731288-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ck0000731288-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ck0000731288-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ck0000731288-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

