<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K_edgar_data_794170_0000794170-16-000131_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26495362</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>596473</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1255770</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10109798</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10903258</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3096346</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>153</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000794170-16-000131.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223142504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000794170-16-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOLL BROTHERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000794170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				232416878
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09186
		FILM NUMBER:		162068804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 GIBRALTAR ROAD
		CITY:			HORSHAM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19044
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2159388000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 GIBRALTAR ROAD
		CITY:			HORSHAM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19044

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000794170-16-000131.txt : 20161223

10-K
 1
 tol-20161031x10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-K 

Commission file number 1-9186 
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    23-2416878 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
    Identification No.) 
      250 Gibraltar Road, Horsham, Pennsylvania 
    19044 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
  (215) 938-8000 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                   Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 
      Common Stock (par value $.01)* 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 
      Guarantee of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 
      *  Includes associated Right to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    None 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.Yes     x     No     o 
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)     of the Securities Act.  
  Yes     o     No     x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or     15(d)     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     x     No     o  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     x     No     o 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this     Form 10-K     or any amendment to this     Form 10-K.     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer     x 
      
    Accelerated filer     o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer     o 
      
    Smaller reporting company     o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     o     No     x 
  As of April 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates (all persons other than executive officers and directors of Registrant) of the Registrant was approximately   $4,262,101,000  . 
  As of   December 19, 2016  , there were approximately   162,403,000   shares of our Common Stock outstanding. 
  Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the proxy statement of Toll Brothers, Inc. with respect to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, scheduled to be held on March 14, 2017, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I  

ITEM 1. BUSINESS  
    1 
        
     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    12 
        
     ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
    17 
        
     ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  
    18 
        
     ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    18 
        
     ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    18 
       PART II  

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
    18 
        
     ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
    21 
        
     ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    22 
        
     ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    49 
        
     ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
    49 
        
     ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
    49 
        
     ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    49 
        
     ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  
    50 
       PART III  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
    50 
        
     ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
    51 
        
     ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
    51 
        
     ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
    51 
        
     ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  
    51 
       PART IV  

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
    52 
       SIGNATURES  
    60 

The following exhibits have been filed electronically with this Form 10-K: 

EXHIBIT 4.19  

EXHIBIT 4.20  

EXHIBIT 4.41  

EXHIBIT 4.42  

EXHIBIT 4.53  

EXHIBIT 4.54  

EXHIBIT 10.18  

EXHIBIT 10.19  

EXHIBIT 10.20  

EXHIBIT 10.26  

EXHIBIT 10.27  

EXHIBIT 12  

EXHIBIT 21  

EXHIBIT 23  

EXHIBIT 31.1  

EXHIBIT 31.2  

EXHIBIT 32.1  

EXHIBIT 32.2  

EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT  

EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT  

EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT  

EX-101 LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT  

EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT  

EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT  

PART I 
   
  ITEM 1.  BUSINESS 
  Toll Brothers, Inc., a corporation incorporated in Delaware in May 1986, began doing business through predecessor entities in 1967. When this report uses the words  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company,  they refer to Toll Brothers, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References herein to fiscal year refer to our fiscal years ended or ending October 31.  
  General 
  We design, build, market, sell, and arrange financing for detached and attached homes in luxury residential communities. We cater to move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, age-qualified, and second-home buyers in the United States ( Traditional Home Building Product ). We also design, build, market, and sell homes in urban infill markets through Toll Brothers City Living        ( City Living ). At   October 31, 2016  , we were operating in   19   states. In November 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC, a home builder operating in Boise, Idaho. (See Acquisitions - Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC below for more information.) 
  In the five years ended   October 31, 2016  , we delivered   24,490   homes from 621 communities, including   6,098   homes from 377 communities in fiscal   2016  . At   October 31, 2016  , we had   543   communities containing approximately   48,837   home sites that we owned or controlled through options.  
  Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers ( backlog ). We had a backlog of   $3.98 billion   (  4,685   homes) at   October 31, 2016  ; we expect to deliver approximately   97%   of these homes in fiscal 2017. 
  We operate our own land development, architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, landscaping, security monitoring, lumber distribution, house component assembly, and manufacturing operations. We also develop, own, and operate golf courses and country clubs, which generally are associated with several of our master planned communities.  
  We are developing several land parcels for master planned communities in which we intend to build homes on a portion of the lots and sell the remaining lots to other builders. Two of these master planned communities are being developed 100% by us, and the remaining communities are being developed through joint ventures with other builders or financial partners. 
  In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and operate for-rent apartments through joint ventures. These projects, which are located in the metro Boston to metro Washington, D.C. corridor; Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; and Fremont, California are being operated, are being developed, or will be developed with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living, Toll Brothers Campus Living, and Toll Brothers Realty Trust. At   October 31, 2016  , we controlled 28 land parcels as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately   9,600   units.  
  Through several joint ventures, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management, LLC ( Gibraltar ), provides builders and developers with land banking and venture capital, owns certain foreclosed real estate and distressed loans and is a participant in an entity that owns and controls a portfolio of loans and real estate. 
  See  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities  below for more information relating to these joint ventures. 
  Business Trends and Outlook 
  Since the third quarter of fiscal 2014 through the end of fiscal 2016, we saw a general strengthening in customer demand. In fiscal   2016  , we signed   6,719   contracts with an aggregate value of $  5.65 billion  , compared to   5,910   contracts with an aggregate value of   $4.96 billion   in fiscal   2015  , and 5,271 contracts with an aggregate value of $3.90 billion in fiscal 2014. We believe that, as the national economy continues to improve and as the millennial generation comes of age, pent-up demand for homes will continue to be released.  
  For information and analysis of recent trends in our operations and financial condition, see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Form 10-K ), and for financial information about our results of operations, assets, liabilities, stockholders  equity, and cash flows, see the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had   543   communities containing approximately   48,837   home sites that we owned or controlled through options; we owned approximately   34,137   of these home sites and controlled approximately   14,700   additional home sites through options. Of the   48,837   home sites, approximately   17,065   were substantially improved. Of the   543   communities,   313   were residential communities under development ( operating communities ) containing   24,816   home sites and   230   were future communities containing   24,021   home sites. In addition, at   October 31, 2016  , our Land Development Joint Ventures and Homebuilding Joint Ventures owned approximately   11,400   and approximately   400   home sites, respectively.  
  
   1 

At   October 31, 2016  , we were offering homes for sale in   305   communities at base prices for our Traditional Home Building Product, generally ranging from approximately $225,000 to $1,965,000, and we were offering homes for sale in   five   communities at base prices, for our City Living Product, generally ranging from $420,000 to $6,580,000. In a few of our communities being developed, we are offering homes at prices substantially higher than those indicated. During fiscal   2016  , we delivered   6,098   homes at an average base price of approximately $721,000. On average, our home buyers added approximately 21.5%, or $155,000 per home in customized options and lot premiums to the base price of the homes we delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to 20.7% or $134,000 per home in fiscal   2015   and 19.9% or $124,000 per home in fiscal   2014  . 
  We had a backlog of   $3.98 billion   (  4,685   homes) at   October 31, 2016  ;   $3.50 billion   (  4,064   homes) at   October 31, 2015  ; and  $2.72 billion   (  3,679   homes) at   October 31, 2014  . Of the   4,685   homes in backlog at   October 31, 2016  , approximately 97% are expected to be delivered by   October 31, 2017  . 
  Our business is subject to many risks, including risks associated with obtaining the necessary approvals on a property and completing the land improvements on it. We attempt, where possible, to reduce certain risks by controlling land for future development through options (also referred to herein as  land purchase contracts  or  option and purchase agreements  however, in recent years, we have had more success in negotiating land parcels for immediate purchase since many sellers were not in a position to wait, or unwilling to take the financial risk of not completing the sale. These options enable us to obtain the necessary governmental approvals before we acquire title to the land. We also reduce certain risks by generally commencing construction of a detached home only after executing an agreement of sale and receiving a substantial down payment from the buyer and by using subcontractors to perform home construction and land development work on a fixed-price basis.  
  Acquisitions 
  Shapell Industries, Inc. 
  On   February 4, 2014  , we completed our acquisition of Shapell Industries, Inc. ( Shapell ) pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) dated November 6, 2013 with Shapell Investment Properties, Inc. ( SIPI ). We acquired all of the equity interests in Shapell from SIPI on February 4, 2014 for   $1.49 billion  , net of cash acquired (the  Acquisition ). We acquired the single-family residential real property development business of Shapell, including a portfolio of approximately   4,950   home sites in California, some of which we have sold to other builders. The Acquisition provided us with a premier California land portfolio including   11   active selling communities, as of the Acquisition date, in affluent, high-growth markets: the San Francisco Bay area, metro Los Angeles, Orange County, and the Carlsbad market. As part of the Acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   126   homes with an aggregate value of approximately   $105.3 million  . The Shapell operations have been fully integrated into our operations. 
  Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC  
  In October 2016, we entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets and operations of Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC ( Coleman ). In November 2016, we completed the acquisition of Coleman for approximately   $85.2 million   in cash. The assets acquired were primarily inventory, including approximately   1,750   home sites owned or controlled through land purchase agreements. As part of the acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   128   homes with an aggregate value of   $38.8 million  . The average price of the undelivered homes at the date of acquisition was approximately   $303,000  . As a result of this acquisition, our selling community count increased by   15   communities at the acquisition date. 
  See Note 2,  Acquisitions,  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these acquisitions. 
  Our Communities and Homes 
  Our traditional home building communities are generally located in affluent suburban areas near major highways providing access to major cities and are generally located on land we have either acquired and developed or acquired fully approved and, in some cases, improved. We also currently operate in the affluent urban markets of Hoboken and Jersey City, New Jersey; New York City, New York; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and the suburbs of Washington, D.C.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , we were operating in the following major suburban and urban residential markets:  
             
    Boston, Massachusetts, metropolitan area 
                
    Fairfield, Hartford, and New Haven Counties, Connecticut 
                
    Westchester and Dutchess county, New York 
                
    Boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn in New York City 
                
    Central and northern New Jersey 
     
   2 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area 
                
    Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania 
                
    Virginia and Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C.  
                
    Raleigh and Charlotte, North Carolina, metropolitan areas 
                
    Southeast and southwest coasts and the Jacksonville and Orlando areas of Florida 
                
    Detroit, Michigan, metropolitan area 
                
    Chicago, Illinois, metropolitan area 
                
    Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota, metropolitan area 
                
    Dallas, Houston, and Austin, Texas, metropolitan areas 
                
    Denver, Colorado, metropolitan area and Fort Collins, Colorado 
                
    Phoenix, Arizona, metropolitan area 
                
    Las Vegas and Reno, Nevada, metropolitan areas 
                
    San Diego and Palm Springs, California, areas 
                
    Los Angeles, California, metropolitan area 
                
    San Francisco Bay, Sacramento, and San Jose areas of northern California, and 
                
    Seattle, Washington, metropolitan area 
     We develop individual stand-alone communities as well as multi-product, master planned communities. Our master planned communities, many of which include golf courses and other country club-type amenities, enable us to offer multiple home types and sizes to a broad range of move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, and second-home buyers. We seek to realize efficiencies from shared common costs, such as land development and infrastructure, over the several communities within the master planned community. 
  Each of our detached home communities offers several home plans with the opportunity for home buyers to select various exterior styles. We design each community to fit existing land characteristics. We strive to achieve diversity among architectural styles within a community by offering a variety of house models and several exterior design options for each model, preserving existing trees and foliage whenever practicable, and curving street layouts to allow relatively few homes to be seen from any vantage point. Our communities have attractive entrances with distinctive signage and landscaping. We believe that our added attention to community detail gives each community a diversified neighborhood appearance that enhances home values. 
  Our traditional attached home communities generally offer one- to four-story homes, provide for limited exterior options, and often include commonly owned recreational facilities, such as clubhouses, playing fields, swimming pools, and tennis courts. 
  We offer some of the same basic home designs in similar communities; however, we are continuously developing new designs to replace or augment existing ones to ensure that our homes reflect current consumer tastes. We use our own architectural staff and also engage unaffiliated architectural firms to develop new designs. During the past fiscal year, we introduced 212 new models for our Traditional Home Building Product (173 detached models and 39 attached models). 
  In our Traditional Home Building Product communities, a wide selection of options are available to home buyers for additional charges. The number and complexity of options in our Traditional Home Building Product typically increase with the size and base selling price of our homes. Major options include additional garages, extra fireplaces, guest suites, finished lofts, and other additional rooms.  
  We market our high quality homes to upscale luxury home buyers, generally comprised of those persons who have previously owned a principal residence and who are seeking to buy a larger or more desirable home   the so-called  move-up  market. We believe our reputation as a builder of homes for this market enhances our competitive position with respect to the sale of our smaller, more moderately priced homes. 
  
   3 

We continue to pursue growth initiatives to expand our brand by broadening our residential product lines across the demographic spectrum. In addition to our traditional  move-up  home buyer, we are focusing on the 50+ year-old  empty-nester  market, as well as the millennial generation.   
  We market to the 50+ year-old  empty-nester  market, which we believe has strong growth potential. We have developed a number of home designs with features such as one-story living and first-floor master bedroom suites, as well as communities with recreational amenities, such as golf courses, marinas, pool complexes, country clubs, and recreation centers that we believe appeal to this category of home buyers. We have integrated certain of these designs and features in some of our other home types and communities. We also develop active-adult,  age-qualified  communities for households in which at least one member must be 55+ years of age. As of   October 31, 2016  , we were selling from 53 active-adult/age-qualified communities and expect to open additional active-adult/age-qualified communities during the next few years. Of the value and number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , approximately 14% and 20%, respectively, were in active-adult/age-qualified communities; in fiscal   2015  , approximately 11% and 16%, respectively, were in such communities; and in fiscal   2014  , approximately 12% and 16%, respectively were in active-adult/age-qualified communities. 
  With the millennial generation now entering their thirties and forming families, we are starting to benefit from their desire for home ownership from the affluent leading edge of this demographic group. We are currently focusing on this group with our core suburban homes, urban condominiums and luxury rental apartment products. 
  We have developed and are developing, on our own or through joint ventures with third parties, a number of high-density, high-, mid- and low-rise urban luxury communities to serve a growing market of affluent move-up families, empty-nesters, and young professionals seeking to live in or close to major cities. These communities are currently marketed under our City Living brand. These communities, which we are currently developing or planning to develop on our own or through joint ventures, are located in Bethesda, Maryland; Hoboken and Jersey City, New Jersey; the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  
  A great majority of our City Living communities are high-rise projects and take an extended period of time to construct. We generally start selling homes in these communities after construction has commenced and by the time construction has been completed we typically have a significant number of homes in backlog. Once construction has been completed, the homes in backlog in these communities are generally delivered very quickly.  
  We believe that the demographics of the move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, age-qualified, and second-home upscale markets will provide us with an opportunity for growth in the future, and that our financial strength and portfolio of approved home sites in the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor and in our California markets, in which land is scarce and approvals are more difficult to obtain, give us a competitive advantage. We continue to believe that many of our communities are in desirable locations that are difficult to replace and that many of these communities have substantial embedded value that may be realized in the future as the housing recovery strengthens.  
  According to the U.S. Census Bureau ( Census Bureau ), the number of households earning $100,000 or more (in constant 2015 dollars) at September 2016 stood at 33.2 million, or approximately 26.4% of all U.S. households. This group has grown at three times the rate of increase of all U.S. households since 1980. According to Harvard University s 2016 report,  The State of the Nation s Housing,  demographic forces are likely to drive the addition of approximately 1.3 million new households per year during the next decade. 
  Housing starts, which encompass the units needed for household formations, second homes, and the replacement of obsolete or demolished units, have not kept pace with this projected household growth. According to the Census Bureau s October 2016 New Residential Sales Report, new home inventory stands at a supply of just 5.2 months, based on current sales paces. If demand and pace increase significantly, the supply of 5.2 months could quickly be drawn down. During the period 1970 through 2007, total housing starts in the United States averaged approximately 1.6 million per year, while during the period 2008 through 2015, total housing starts averaged approximately 0.81 million per year according to the Census Bureau. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we were selling homes from   310   communities, compared to 288 communities at   October 31, 2015  , and 263 communities at   October 31, 2014  . 

4 

The following table summarizes certain information with respect to our operating communities at   October 31, 2016  : 

At   October 31, 2016  , significant site improvements had not yet commenced on approximately   8,927   of the   20,131   available home sites. Of the   20,131   available home sites,   1,588   were not yet owned by us but were controlled through options.  
  Of our   313   operating communities at   October 31, 2016  , a total of   310   communities were offering homes for sale; and   three   communities had been temporarily shut down and are expected to reopen in fiscal 2016. Of the   310   communities in which homes were being offered for sale at   October 31, 2016  , a total of   247   were detached home communities and   63   were attached home communities.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had   796   homes (exclusive of model homes) under construction or completed but not under contract in our traditional communities, of which   448   were in detached home communities and   348   were in attached home communities. In addition, we had 123 units that were temporarily being held as rental units. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   182   homes (exclusive of model homes) under construction or completed but not under contract in five City Living communities that were wholly owned.  
  As a result of our wide product and geographic diversity, we have a wide range of base sales prices. The general range of base sales prices for our different lines of homes at   October 31, 2016  , was as follows: 

A few communities that we are developing are offering homes at prices substantially in excess of those listed above. 
  
   5 

The table below provides the average value of options purchased by our home buyers, including lot premiums, and the value of the options as a percent of the base selling price of the homes purchased in fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

In general, our attached homes and City Living products do not offer significant structural options to our home buyer and thus they have a smaller option value as a percentage of base selling price.  
  For more information regarding revenues, net contracts signed, income (loss) before income taxes, and assets by segment, see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Segments  in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
  Land Policy 
  Before entering into an agreement to purchase a land parcel, we complete extensive comparative studies and analysis that assist us in evaluating the acquisition. Historically, we have attempted to enter into option agreements to purchase land for future communities; however, in recent years, we have had more success in negotiating land parcels for immediate purchase since many sellers were not in a position to wait, or unwilling to take the financial risk of not completing the sale. We have also entered into several joint ventures with other builders or developers to develop land for the use of the joint venture participants or for sale to outside parties. In addition, we have, at times, acquired the underlying mortgage on a property and subsequently obtained title to that property. 
  Where possible, we enter into agreements to purchase land, referred to in this Form 10-K as  land purchase contracts,   purchase agreements,   options,  or  option agreements,  on a non-recourse basis, thereby limiting our financial exposure to the amounts expended in obtaining any necessary governmental approvals, the costs incurred in the planning and design of the community, and, in some cases, some or all of our deposit. The use of these agreements may increase the price of land that we eventually acquire, but reduces our risk by allowing us to obtain the necessary development approvals before acquiring the land or allowing us to delay the acquisition to a later date. Historically, as approvals were obtained, the value of the purchase agreements and land generally increased; however, in any given time period, this may not happen. We have the ability to extend some of these purchase agreements for varying periods of time, in some cases by making an additional payment and, in other cases, without making any additional payment. Our purchase agreements are typically subject to numerous conditions, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain necessary governmental approvals for the proposed community. Our deposit under an agreement may be returned to us if all approvals are not obtained, although predevelopment costs usually will not be recoverable. We generally have the right to cancel any of our agreements to purchase land by forfeiture of some or all of the deposits we have made pursuant to the agreement.  
  During fiscal   2016   and   2015  , we acquired control of approximately   10,682   home sites (net of options terminated and home sites sold) and approximately   2,611   home sites (net of options terminated), respectively. At   October 31, 2016  , we controlled approximately   48,837   home sites, as compared to approximately   44,253   home sites at   October 31, 2015  , and   47,167   home sites at   October 31, 2014  .  
  We are developing several parcels of land for master planned communities in which we intend to build homes on a portion of the lots and sell the remaining lots to other builders. Two of these master planned communities are being developed 100% by us, and the remaining communities are being developed through joint ventures with other builders or financial partners. At   October 31, 2016  , our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately   11,400   home sites, and our Homebuilding Joint Ventures owned approximately   400   home sites. At   October 31, 2016  , we had agreed to acquire   240   home sites from   two   of our Land Development Joint Ventures and we expect to purchase approximately   3,600   additional home sites over a number of years from several other joint ventures in which we have interests.  
  Our ability to continue development activities over the long term will be dependent upon, among other things, a suitable economic environment and our continued ability to locate and enter into options or agreements to purchase land, obtain  
  
   6 

governmental approvals for suitable parcels of land, and consummate the acquisition and complete the development of such land. 
  The following is a summary of home sites for future communities that we either owned or controlled through options or purchase agreements at   October 31, 2016  , as distinguished from our operating communities  : 

Of the   24,021   planned home sites at   October 31, 2016  , we owned   10,909   and controlled   13,112   through options and purchase agreements. Approximately 1,200 of these home sites were substantially improved.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , the aggregate purchase price of land parcels subject to option and purchase agreements in operating communities and future communities was approximately   $1.62 billion   (including   $79.2 million   of land to be acquired from joint ventures in which we have invested and $85.2 million for the acquisition of Coleman inventory). Of the   $1.62 billion   of land purchase commitments, we paid or deposited   $65.3 million  , and, if we acquire all of these land parcels, we will be required to pay an additional   $1.56 billion  . The purchases of these land parcels are expected to occur over the next several years. We have additional land parcels under option that have been excluded from the aforementioned aggregate purchase price since we do not believe that we will complete the purchase of these land parcels and no additional funds will be required from us to terminate these contracts. These option contracts have either been written off or written down to the estimated amount that we expect to recover on them when the contracts are terminated. 
  We have a substantial amount of land currently under control for which approvals have been obtained or are being sought. We devote significant resources to locating suitable land for future development and obtaining the required approvals on land under our control. There can be no assurance that the necessary development approvals will be secured for the land currently under our control or for land that we may acquire control of in the future or that, upon obtaining such development approvals, we will elect to complete the purchases of land under option or complete the development of land that we own. We generally have been successful in obtaining governmental approvals in the past. We believe that we have an adequate supply of land in our existing communities and proposed communities (assuming that all properties are developed) to maintain our operations at current levels for several years.  
  Community Development 
  We typically expend considerable effort in developing a concept for each community, which includes determining the size, style, and price range of the homes; the layout of the streets and individual home sites; and the overall community design. After the necessary governmental subdivision and other approvals have been obtained, which may take several years, we improve the land by clearing and grading it; installing roads, underground utility lines, and recreational amenities; distinctive entrance features; and staking out individual home sites. 
  Each community is managed by a project manager. Working with sales staff, construction managers, marketing personnel, and, when required, other in-house and outside professionals such as accountants, engineers, and architects, a project manager is responsible for supervising and coordinating the various developmental steps such as land approval, land acquisition, marketing, selling, construction, and customer service, and monitoring the progress of work and controlling expenditures. Major decisions regarding each community are made in consultation with senior members of our management team. 
  We act as a general contractor for most of our projects. Subcontractors perform all home construction and land development work, generally under fixed-price contracts. We purchase most of the materials we use in our home construction and in our land development activities directly from the manufacturers or producers. We generally have multiple sources for the materials we purchase, and we have not experienced significant delays due to unavailability of necessary materials. See  Manufacturing/Distribution Facilities  in Item 2 of this Form 10-K. 
  
   7 

Our construction managers coordinate subcontracting activities and supervise all aspects of construction work and quality control. One of the ways in which we seek to achieve home buyer satisfaction is by providing our construction managers with incentive compensation arrangements based upon each home buyer s satisfaction, as expressed by the buyers  responses on pre- and post-closing questionnaires. 
  The most significant variable affecting the timing of our revenue stream, other than housing demand, is the opening of the community for sale, which generally occurs shortly after receipt of final land regulatory approvals. Receipt of approvals permits us to begin the process of obtaining executed sales contracts from home buyers. Although our sales and construction activities vary somewhat by season, which can affect the timing of closings, any such seasonal effect is relatively insignificant compared to the effect of the timing of receipt of final regulatory approvals, the opening of the community, and the subsequent timing of closings. 
  Marketing and Sales 
  We believe that our marketing strategy for our Traditional Home Building Product, which emphasizes our more expensive  Estate  and  Executive  lines of homes, has enhanced our reputation as a builder and developer of high quality upscale homes. We believe this reputation results in greater demand for all of our lines of homes. We generally include attractive decorative features such as chair rails, crown moldings, dentil moldings, vaulted and coffered ceilings, and other aesthetic elements, even in our less expensive homes, based on our belief that this customization enhances our product and improves our marketing and sales effort. 
  In determining the prices for our homes, we utilize, in addition to management s extensive experience, an internally developed value analysis program that compares our homes with homes offered by other builders in each local marketing area. In our application of this program, we assign a positive or negative dollar value to differences between our product features and those of our competitors, such as house and community amenities, location, and reputation. 
  We typically have a sales office in each community that is staffed by our own sales personnel. Sales personnel are generally compensated with both salary and commission. A significant portion of our sales is also derived from the introduction of customers to our communities by local cooperating real estate agents. 
  We expend great effort and cost in designing and decorating our model homes, which play an important role in our marketing. In our models, we create an appealing atmosphere, which may include cookies baking in the oven, fires burning in fireplaces, and music playing in the background. Interior decorating varies among the models and is carefully selected to reflect the lifestyles of prospective buyers.  
  The Internet is an important resource we use in marketing and providing information to our customers. Visitors to our website, www.TollBrothers.com, can obtain detailed information regarding our communities and homes across the country, take panoramic or video tours of our homes, and design their own home based upon our available floor plans and options  .   We also advertise in newspapers, in other local and regional publications, and on billboards. We also market our communities through the use of color brochures.  
  We have a two-step sales process. The first step takes place when a potential home buyer visits one of our communities and decides to purchase one of our homes, at which point the home buyer signs a non-binding deposit agreement and provides a small, refundable deposit. This deposit will reserve, for a short period of time, the home site or unit that the home buyer has selected. This deposit also locks in the base price of the home. Because these deposit agreements are non-binding, they are not recorded as signed contracts, nor are they recorded in backlog. Deposit rates are tracked on a weekly basis to help us monitor the strength or weakness in demand in each of our communities. If demand for homes in a particular community is strong, senior management determines whether the base selling prices in that community should be increased. If demand for the homes in a particular community is weak, we determine whether or not sales incentives and/or discounts on home prices should be adjusted.  
  The second step in the sales process occurs when we actually sign a binding agreement of sale with the home buyer and the home buyer gives us a cash down payment that is generally nonrefundable. Cash down payments currently average approximately 8% of the total purchase price of a home. Between the time that the home buyer signs the non-binding deposit agreement and the binding agreement of sale, he or she is required to complete a financial questionnaire that gives us the ability to evaluate whether the home buyer has the financial resources necessary to purchase the home. If we determine that the home buyer is not financially qualified, we will not enter into an agreement of sale with the home buyer. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , our customers signed net contracts for   $5.65 billion   (  6,719   homes),   $4.96 billion   (  5,910   homes), and   $3.90 billion   (  5,271   homes), respectively. When we report net contracts signed, the number and value of contracts signed are reported net of all cancellations occurring during the reporting period, whether signed in that reporting period or in a prior period. Only outstanding agreements of sale that have been signed by both the home buyer and us as of the end of the period for which we are reporting are included in backlog.  
  
   8 

Customer Mortgage Financing 
  We maintain relationships with a widely diversified group of mortgage financial institutions, many of which are among the largest in the industry. We believe that regional and community banks continue to recognize the long-term value in creating relationships with affluent customers such as our home buyers, and these banks continue to provide such customers with financing. We believe that our home buyers generally are, and should continue to be, better able to secure mortgages due to their typically lower loan-to-value ratios and attractive     credit profiles, as compared to the average home buyer.  
  Our mortgage subsidiary provides mortgage financing for a portion of our home closings. Our mortgage subsidiary determines whether the home buyer qualifies for the mortgage he or she is seeking based upon information provided by the home buyer and other sources. For those home buyers who qualify, our mortgage subsidiary provides the home buyer with a mortgage commitment that specifies the terms and conditions of a proposed mortgage loan based upon then-current market conditions.  
  Information about the number and amount of loans funded by our mortgage subsidiary is contained in the table below. 

Prior to the actual closing of the home and funding of the mortgage, the home buyer may lock in an interest rate based upon the terms of the commitment. At the time of rate lock, our mortgage subsidiary agrees to sell the proposed mortgage loan to one of several outside recognized mortgage financing institutions ( investors ) that are willing to honor the terms and conditions, including the interest rate, committed to the home buyer. We believe that these investors have adequate financial resources to honor their commitments to our mortgage subsidiary. At   October 31, 2016  , our mortgage subsidiary was committed to fund   $1.35 billion   of mortgage loans. Of these commitments,   $255.6 million  , as well as   $231.4 million   of mortgage loans receivable, have  locked-in  interest rates. Our mortgage subsidiary funds its commitments through a combination of its own capital, capital provided from us, its loan facility, and the sale of mortgage loans to various investors. Our mortgage subsidiary has commitments from investors to acquire all   $487.0 million   of these locked-in loans and receivables. Our home buyers have not locked in the interest rate on the remaining   $1.09 billion   of mortgage loans. 
  Competition 
  The home building business is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with numerous home builders of varying sizes, ranging from local to national in scope, some of which have greater sales and financial resources than we do. Sales of existing homes, whether by a homeowner or by a financial institution that has acquired a home through a foreclosure, also provide competition. We compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service, and reputation. We believe our financial stability, relative to many others in our industry, is a favorable competitive factor as more home buyers focus on builder solvency.  
  There are fewer and more selective lenders serving our industry as compared to prior years and we believe that these lenders gravitate to the home building companies that offer them the greatest security, the strongest balance sheets, and the broadest array of potential business opportunities.  
  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
  We have investments in various unconsolidated entities. These entities include Land Development Joint Ventures, Home Building Joint Ventures, Rental Property Joint Ventures, and Gibraltar Joint Ventures. At   October 31, 2016  , we had investments of   $496.4 million   in these unconsolidated entities and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional   $273.8 million   to these entities if they require additional funding.  
  
   9 

In fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we recognized income from the unconsolidated entities in which we had an investment of   $40.7 million  ,   $21.1 million  , and   $41.1 million  , respectively. In addition, we earned construction and management fee income from these unconsolidated entities of   $10.3 million   in fiscal   2016  ,   $11.3 million   in fiscal   2015  , and   $7.3 million   in fiscal   2014  . 
  Land Development Joint Ventures 
  We have investments in a number of Land Development Joint Ventures to develop land. Some of these Land Development Joint Ventures develop land for the sole use of the venture participants, including us, and others develop land for sale to the joint venture participants and to unrelated builders. At   October 31, 2016  , we had approximately   $223.5 million   invested in our Land Development Joint Ventures and funding commitments of   $244.3 million   to   five   of the Land Development Joint Ventures which will be funded if additional investments in the ventures are required. At   October 31, 2016  ,   four   of these joint ventures had aggregate loan commitments of   $470.0 million   and outstanding borrowings against these commitments of   $393.7 million  . At   October 31, 2016  , our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately   11,400   home sites. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had agreed to acquire   240   home sites from   two   of our Land Development Joint Ventures for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $79.2 million  . In addition, we expect to purchase approximately   3,600   additional home sites over a number of years from several joint ventures in which we have interests; the purchase prices of these home sites will be determined at a future date. 
  Home Building Joint Ventures 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had an aggregate of   $98.8 million   of investments in various Home Building Joint Ventures to develop approximately   400   luxury for-sale homes. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $9.9 million   of funding commitments to   two   of these joint ventures. In fiscal   2016  , the value of net contracts signed by our Home Building Joint Ventures was   $169.8 million   (  113   homes), and they delivered   $164.9 million   (  115   homes) of revenue. At   October 31, 2016  , our Homebuilding Joint Ventures had a backlog of undelivered homes of   $471.5 million   (  184   homes). 
  Rental Property Joint Ventures 
  Over the past several years, we acquired control of a number of land parcels as for-rent apartment projects, including two student housing sites. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an aggregate of   $153.6 million   of investments in various Rental Property Joint Ventures. At   October 31, 2016  , we controlled 28 land parcels as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately   9,600   units. These projects, which are located in the metro Boston to metro Washington, D.C. corridor; Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; and Fremont, California are being operated, are being developed or will be developed with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living, Toll Brothers Campus Living and Toll Brothers Realty Trust.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had approximately   2,950   units in for-rent apartment projects that were occupied or ready for occupancy,   600   units in the lease-up stage,   900   units under active development, and   5,150   units in the planning stage. Of the   9,600   units at   October 31, 2016  ,   4,850   were owned by joint ventures in which we have an interest; approximately   1,600   were owned by us, as we look for joint venture partners;   2,850   were under contract to be purchased by us; and   300   were under a letter of intent. 
  Gibraltar Joint Ventures 
  In the second quarter of fiscal   2016  , we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management, LLC ( Gibraltar ), entered into   two   ventures with an institutional investor to provide builders and developers with land banking and venture capital. We have a   25%   interest in these ventures. These ventures will finance builders  and developers  acquisition and development of land and home sites and pursue other complementary investment strategies. We may invest up to   $100.0 million   in these ventures. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $8.8 million   in these ventures. 
  In addition, in the second quarter of fiscal   2016  , we entered into a separate venture with the same institutional investor to purchase, from Gibraltar, certain foreclosed real estate owned and distressed loans for   $24.1 million  . We have a   24%   interest in this venture. In fiscal   2016  , we recognized a gain of   $1.3 million   from the sale of these assets to the venture. At   October 31, 2016  , we have a   $5.7 million   investment in this venture and are committed to invest an additional   $10.0 million  , if necessary. 
  Regulation and Environmental Matters 
  We are subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning zoning, building design, construction, and similar matters, including local regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements. In a number of our markets, there has been an increase in state and local legislation authorizing the acquisition of land as dedicated open space, mainly by governmental, quasi-public, and nonprofit entities. In addition, we are subject to various licensing, registration, and filing requirements in connection with the construction, advertisement, and sale of homes in our communities. The impact of these laws and requirements has been to increase our overall costs, and they may have delayed,  
  
   10 

and in the future may delay, the opening of communities, or may have caused, and in the future may cause, us to conclude that development of particular communities would not be economically feasible, even if any or all necessary governmental approvals were obtained. See  Land Policy  in this Item 1. We also may be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing communities due to building moratoriums in one or more of the areas in which we operate. Generally, such moratoriums often relate to insufficient water or sewage facilities or inadequate road capacity. 
  In order to secure certain approvals in some areas, we may be required to provide affordable housing at below market rental or sales prices. The impact of these requirements on us depends on how the various state and local governments in the areas in which we engage, or intend to engage, in development implement their programs for affordable housing. To date, these restrictions have not had a material impact on us. 
  We also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning protection of public health and the environment ( environmental laws ). The particular environmental laws that apply to any given community vary according to the location and environmental condition of the site and the present and former uses of the site. Complying with these environmental laws may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and/or may prohibit or severely restrict development in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas. 
  Before consummating an acquisition, we generally engage independent environmental consultants to evaluate land for the potential of hazardous or toxic materials, wastes, or substances. Because we generally have obtained such assessments for the land we have purchased, we have not been significantly affected to date by the presence of such materials on our land. 
  Our mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules, and regulations, including those that relate to licensing, lending operations, and other areas of mortgage origination and financing. The impact of those statutes, rules, and regulations can be to increase our home buyers  cost of financing, increase our cost of doing business, and restrict our home buyers  access to some types of loans. 
  Insurance/Warranty 
  All of our homes are sold under our limited warranty as to workmanship and mechanical equipment. Many homes also come with a limited multi-year warranty as to structural integrity.  
  We maintain insurance, subject to deductibles and self-insured amounts, to protect us against various risks associated with our activities, including, among others, general liability,  all-risk  property, construction defects, workers  compensation, automobile, and employee fidelity. We accrue for our expected costs associated with the deductibles and self-insured amounts. 
  Employees 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we employed approximately 4,200 persons full-time. At   October 31, 2016  , we were subject to one collective bargaining agreement that covered less than 2% of our employees. We believe our employee relations are good. 
  Available Information  
  We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). These filings are available over the internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. All of the documents we file with the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC s public reference room located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. 
  Our principal Internet address is www.TollBrothers.com. We make our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 available through our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.  
  We provide information about our business and financial performance, including our corporate profile, on our Investor Relations website. Additionally, we webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in with members of the investment community on our Investor Relations website. Further corporate governance information, including our code of ethics, code of business conduct, corporate governance guidelines, and board committee charters, is also available on our Investor Relations website. The content of our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

11 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Certain information included in this report or in other materials we have filed or will file with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us) contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of strictly historical or factual nature and generally discuss or relate to future events. These statements contain words such as  anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe,   may,   can,   could,   might,   should  and other words or phrases of similar meaning. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information related to: anticipated operating results; home deliveries; financial resources and condition; changes in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in margins; changes in accounting treatment; cost of revenues; selling, general and administrative expenses; interest expense; inventory write-downs; home warranty claims; unrecognized tax benefits; anticipated tax refunds; sales paces and prices; effects of home buyer cancellations; growth and expansion; joint ventures in which we are involved; anticipated results from our investments in unconsolidated entities; the ability to acquire land and pursue real estate opportunities; the ability to gain approvals and open new communities; the ability to sell homes and properties; the ability to deliver homes from backlog; the ability to secure materials and subcontractors; the ability to produce the liquidity and capital necessary to expand and take advantage of opportunities; and legal proceedings and claims.  
  From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in other reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in press releases, in presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in this report or in other reports or public statements made by us, such as market conditions, government regulation and the competitive environment, will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from our forward-looking statements. 
  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
  For a discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results, see  Item 1A   Risk Factors  below. This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and all of our forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referenced in this section. 
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
  Information about our executive officers is incorporated by reference from Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K. 
   
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
  We are subject to demand fluctuations in the housing industry. Any reduction in demand would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
  Demand for our homes is subject to fluctuations, often due to factors outside of our control. In a housing market downturn, our sales and results of operations will be adversely affected; we may have significant inventory impairments and other write-offs; our gross margins may decline significantly from historical levels; and we may incur substantial losses from operations. We cannot predict the continuation of the current housing recovery, nor can we provide assurance that should the recovery not continue, our response will be successful.  
  Adverse changes in economic conditions in markets where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live could reduce the demand for homes and, as a result, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
  Adverse changes in economic conditions in markets where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live have had and may in the future have a negative impact on our business. Adverse changes in employment levels, job growth, consumer confidence, interest rates, and population growth, or an oversupply of homes for sale may reduce demand and depress prices for our homes and cause home buyers to cancel their agreements to purchase our homes. This, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
  
   12 

Increases in cancellations of existing agreements of sale could have an adverse effect on our business. 
  Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our home buyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. We have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the home buyer does not complete the purchase. In some cases, however, a home buyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local law, the home buyer s inability to obtain mortgage financing, his or her inability to sell his or her current home, or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   4,685   homes with a sales value of   $3.98 billion   in backlog. If economic conditions decline, if mortgage financing becomes less available, or if our homes become less attractive due to conditions at or in the vicinity of our communities, we could experience an increase in home buyers canceling their agreements of sale with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
  The home building industry is highly competitive, and, if other home builders are more successful or offer better value to our customers, our business could decline. 
  We operate in a very competitive environment, in which we face competition from a number of other home builders in each market in which we operate. We compete with large national and regional home building companies and with smaller local home builders for land, financing, raw materials, and skilled management and labor resources. We also compete with the resale home market, also referred to as the  previously owned or existing  home market. An oversupply of homes available for sale or the heavy discounting of home prices by some of our competitors could adversely affect demand for our homes and the results of our operations. An increase in competitive conditions can have any of the following impacts on us: delivering fewer homes; sale of fewer homes or higher cancellations by our home buyers; an increase in selling incentives and/or reduction of prices; and realization of lower gross margins due to lower selling prices or an inability to increase selling prices to offset increased costs of the homes delivered. If we are unable to compete effectively in our markets, our business could decline disproportionately to that of our competitors. 
  If we are not able to obtain suitable financing, or if the interest rates on our debt are increased, or if our credit ratings are lowered, our business and results of operations may decline. 
  Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our ability to obtain financing, whether from bank borrowings or from financing in the public debt markets. Our revolving credit facility matures in May 2021, our $500.0 million term loan matures in August 2021, and $2.71 billion of our senior notes become due and payable at various times from October 2017 through September 2032. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to replace existing financing or find additional sources of financing in the future on favorable terms or at all. 
  If we are not able to obtain suitable financing at reasonable terms or replace existing debt and credit facilities when they become due or expire, our costs for borrowings will likely increase and our revenues may decrease or we could be precluded from continuing our operations at current levels. 
  Increases in interest rates can make it more difficult and/or expensive for us to obtain the funds we need to operate our business. The amount of interest we incur on our revolving bank credit facility and term loan fluctuates based on changes in short-term interest rates and the amount of borrowings we incur. Increases in interest rates generally and/or any downgrading in the ratings that national rating agencies assign to our outstanding debt securities could increase the interest rates we must pay on any subsequent issuances of debt securities, and any such ratings downgrade could also make it more difficult for us to sell such debt securities. 
  If we cannot obtain letters of credit and surety bonds, our ability to operate may be restricted. 
  We use letters of credit and surety bonds to secure our performance under various construction and land development agreements, escrow agreements, financial guarantees, and other arrangements. Should banks decline to issue letters of credit or surety companies decline to issue surety bonds, our ability to operate could be significantly restricted and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
  If our home buyers or our home buyers  buyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, our results of operations may decline. 
  Our results of operations also depend on the ability of our potential home buyers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of our homes. Any uncertaity in the mortgage markets and its impact on the overall mortgage market, including the tightening of credit standards, future increases in the cost of home mortgage financing, and increased government regulation, could adversely affect the ability of our customers to obtain financing for a home purchase, thus preventing our potential home buyers from purchasing our homes. In addition, where our potential home buyers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from us, increases in mortgage costs and/or lack of availability of mortgages could prevent the buyers of our potential home buyers   
  
   13 

existing homes from obtaining the mortgages they need to complete their purchases, which would result in our potential home buyers  inability to buy a home from us. Similar risks apply to those buyers whose contracts are in our backlog of homes to be delivered. If our home buyers, potential buyers, or buyers of our home buyers  current homes cannot obtain suitable financing, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
  If our ability to resell mortgages to investors is impaired, our home buyers may be required to find alternative financing. 
  Generally, when our mortgage subsidiary closes a mortgage for a home buyer at a previously locked-in rate, it already has an agreement in place with an investor to acquire the mortgage following the closing. Should the resale market for our mortgages decline or the underwriting standards of our investors become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgages could be adversely affected and either we would have to commit our own funds to long-term investments in mortgage loans, which could, among other things, delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations, or our home buyers would be required to find an alternative source of financing. If our home buyers cannot obtain another source of financing in order to purchase our homes, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
  If land is not available at reasonable prices, our sales and results of operations could decrease. 
  In the long term, our operations depend on our ability to obtain land at reasonable prices for the development of our residential communities. At   October 31, 2016  , we had approximately   48,837   home sites that we owned or controlled through options. In the future, changes in the general availability of land, competition for available land, availability of financing to acquire land, zoning regulations that limit housing density, and other market conditions may hurt our ability to obtain land for new residential communities at prices that will allow us to make a reasonable profit. If the supply of land appropriate for development of our residential communities becomes more limited because of these factors or for any other reason, the cost of land could increase and/or the number of homes that we are able to sell and build could be reduced. 
  If the market value of our land and homes declines, our results of operations will likely decrease. 
  The market value of our land and housing inventories depends on market conditions. We acquire land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within our current markets. If housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, we may not be able to make profits similar to what we have made in the past, may experience less than anticipated profits, and/or may not be able to recover our costs when we sell and build homes. Due to the significant decline in our business during the 2006 2011 downturn in the housing industry, we recognized significant write-downs of our inventory.  
  We rely on subcontractors to construct our homes and on building supply companies to supply components for the construction of our homes. The failure of our subcontractors to properly construct our homes or defects in the components we obtain from building supply companies could have an adverse effect on us. 
  We engage subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes and purchase components used in the construction of our homes from building supply companies. Despite our quality control efforts, we may discover that our subcontractors were engaging in improper construction practices or that the components purchased from building supply companies are not performing as specified. The occurrence of such events could require us to repair the homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law. The cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers. For example, we have incurred or expect to incur significant costs to repair older homes built in Pennsylvania and Delaware. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding warranty charges. 
  We participate in certain joint ventures where we may be adversely impacted by the failure of the joint venture or its participants to fulfill their obligations. 
  We have investments in and commitments to certain joint ventures with unrelated parties. These joint ventures may borrow money to help finance their activities. In certain circumstances, the joint venture participants, including ourselves, are required to provide guarantees of certain obligations relating to the joint ventures. In most of these joint ventures, we do not have a controlling interest and, as a result, are not able to require these joint ventures or their participants to honor their obligations or renegotiate them on acceptable terms. If the joint ventures or their participants do not honor their obligations, we may be required to expend additional resources or suffer losses, which could be significant. 
  Government regulations and legal challenges may delay the start or completion of our communities, increase our expenses, or limit our home building activities, which could have a negative impact on our operations. 
  The approval of numerous governmental authorities must be obtained in connection with our development activities, and these governmental authorities often have broad discretion in exercising their approval authority. We incur substantial costs related to  
  
   14 

compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Any increase in legal and regulatory requirements may cause us to incur substantial additional costs or, in some cases, cause us to determine that the property is not feasible for development. 
  Various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning building, zoning, sales, and similar matters apply to and/or affect the housing industry. Governmental regulation affects construction activities as well as sales activities, mortgage lending activities, and other dealings with home buyers. The industry also has experienced an increase in state and local legislation and regulations that limit the availability or use of land. Municipalities may also restrict or place moratoriums on the availability of utilities, such as water and sewer taps. In some areas, municipalities may enact growth control initiatives, which will restrict the number of building permits available in a given year. In addition, we may be required to apply for additional approvals or modify our existing approvals because of changes in local circumstances or applicable law. If municipalities in which we operate take actions like these, it could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays, increasing our costs, or limiting our ability to operate in those municipalities. Further, we may experience delays and increased expenses as a result of legal challenges to our proposed communities, whether brought by governmental authorities or private parties. 
  Our mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules, and regulations, including those that relate to licensing, lending operations, and other areas of mortgage origination and financing. The impact of those statutes, rules, and regulations can increase our home buyers  cost of financing, increase our cost of doing business, and restrict our home buyers  access to some types of loans. 
  Increases in taxes or government fees could increase our costs, and adverse changes in tax laws could reduce demand for our homes.  
  Increases in real estate taxes and other local government fees, such as fees imposed on developers to fund schools, open space, and road improvements, and/or provide low- and moderate-income housing, could increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, increases in local real estate taxes could adversely affect our potential home buyers, who may consider those costs in determining whether to make a new home purchase and decide, as a result, not to purchase one of our homes. In addition, any changes in the income tax laws that would reduce or eliminate tax deductions or incentives to homeowners, such as a change limiting the deductibility of real estate taxes or interest on home mortgages, could make housing less affordable or otherwise reduce the demand for housing, which in turn could reduce our sales and hurt our results of operations. 
  Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and other conditions could disrupt the development of our communities, which could harm our sales and results of operations. 
  Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, and fires, can have serious effects on our ability to develop our residential communities. We also may be affected by unforeseen engineering, environmental, or geological conditions or problems, including conditions or problems which arise on lands of third parties in the vicinity of our communities, but nevertheless negatively impact our communities. Any of these adverse events or circumstances could cause delays in or prevent the completion of, or increase the cost of, developing one or more of our residential communities and, as a result, could harm our sales and results of operations. 
  If we experience shortages or increased costs of labor and supplies or other circumstances beyond our control, there could be delays or increased costs in developing our communities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
  Our ability to develop residential communities may be adversely affected by circumstances beyond our control, including work stoppages, labor disputes, and shortages of qualified trades people, such as carpenters, roofers, masons, electricians, and plumbers; changes in laws relating to union organizing activity; lack of availability of adequate utility infrastructure and services; our need to rely on local subcontractors who may not be adequately capitalized or insured; and shortages, delays in availability, or fluctuations in prices of building materials. Any of these circumstances could give rise to delays in the start or completion of, or could increase the cost of, developing one or more of our residential communities. We may not be able to recover these increased costs by raising our home prices because the price for each home is typically set months prior to its delivery pursuant to the agreement of sale with the home buyer. If that happens, our operating results could be harmed. 
  We are subject to one collective bargaining agreement that covers less than 2% of our employees. We have not experienced any work stoppages due to strikes by unionized workers, but we cannot make assurances that there will not be any work stoppages due to strikes or other job actions in the future. We use independent contractors, many of whom are nonunionized, to construct our homes. At any given point in time, those subcontractors, who are not yet represented by a union, may be unionized. 
  
   15 

Product liability claims and litigation and warranty claims that arise in the ordinary course of business may be costly, which could adversely affect our business. 
  As a home builder, we are subject to construction defect and home warranty claims arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common in the home building industry and can be costly. In addition, the costs of insuring against construction defect and product liability claims are high, and the amount of coverage offered by insurance companies is currently limited. There can be no assurance that this coverage will not be further restricted and become more costly. If the limits or coverages of our current and former insurance programs prove inadequate, or we are not able to obtain adequate, or reasonably priced, insurance against these types of claims in the future, or the amounts currently provided for future warranty or insurance claims are inadequate, we may experience losses that could negatively impact our financial results. 
  We record expenses and liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover our self-insured liability under our insurance policies, and estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are above our coverage limits or that are not covered by our insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of our historical claims and industry data, and include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. The projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of product we build, insurance industry practices, and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severities, and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and the estimates to settle claims can impact the trends and assumptions used in the actuarial analysis, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Due to the degree of judgment required and the potential for variability in these underlying assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from those estimated, and the difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
  Over the past several years, we have had a significant number of warranty claims related primarily to older homes we built in Pennsylvania and Delaware. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, we recognized $125.6 million and $14.7 million, respectively, net of estimated insurance and supplier recoveries, related to these warranty claims. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Our cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected if legal claims are brought against us and are not resolved in our favor. 
  Claims have been brought against us in various legal proceedings that have not had, and are not expected to have, a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Should such claims be resolved in an unfavorable manner or should additional claims be filed in the future, it is possible that our cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected  . 
  We could be adversely impacted by the loss of key management personnel or if we fail to attract qualified personnel. 
  Our future success depends, to a significant degree, on the efforts of our senior management and our ability to attract qualified personnel. Our operations could be adversely affected if key members of our senior management leave our employ or we cannot attract qualified personnel to manage the expected growth in our business.  
  Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws may negatively affect our operating results. 
  We believe that our recorded tax balances are adequate; however, it is not possible to predict the effects of possible changes in the tax laws or changes in their interpretation and whether they could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. We have filed our tax returns in prior years based upon certain filing positions we believe are appropriate. If the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authorities disagree with these filing positions, we may owe additional taxes. 
  We have recorded a significant deferred tax asset related to the timing of the recognition of various expenses which were deducted from book income but are not deductible for income tax purposes until actually paid or realized. Should the tax rates be significantly reduced or the deductibility of certain expenses not be allowed, our realization of the tax benefit from our deferred tax asset could be significantly reduced.   
  In the construction of a high-rise building, whether a for-sale or a for-rent property, we incur significant costs before we can begin construction, sell and deliver the units to our customers, or commence the collection of rent and recover our costs. We may be subject to delays in construction that could lead to higher costs which could adversely affect our operating results. Changing market conditions during the construction period could negatively impact selling prices and rents, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
  Before a high-rise building generates any revenues, we make material expenditures to acquire land; to obtain permits, development approvals, and entitlements; and to construct the building. It generally takes several years for us to acquire the land and construct, market, and deliver units or lease units in a high-rise building. Completion times vary on a building-by- 
  
   16 

building basis depending on the complexity of the project, its stage of development when acquired, and the regulatory and community issues involved. As a result of these potential delays in the completion of a building, we face the risk that demand for housing may decline during the period and we may be forced to sell or lease units at a loss or for prices that generate lower profit margins than we initially anticipated. Furthermore, if construction is delayed, we may face increased costs as a result of inflation or other causes and/or asset carrying costs (including interest on funds used to acquire land and construct the building). These costs can be significant and can adversely affect our operating results. If values decline, we may also be required to recognize material write-downs of the book value of the building in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
  Our high-rise business is subject to swings in delivery volume due to the extended construction time, levels of pre-sales, and quick delivery of units once the building is complete.  
  Our quarterly operating results will fluctuate depending on the timing of completion of construction of our high-rise building, levels of pre-sales and the relatively short delivery time of the pre-sold units, once the building is completed. Depending on the number of high-rise buildings that are completed in a quarter, our quarterly operating results may be uneven and may be marked by lower revenues and earnings in some quarters than in others. 
  Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to the seasonal nature of our business.  
  Our quarterly operating results fluctuate with the seasons; normally, a significant portion of our agreements of sale are entered into with customers in the winter and spring months. Construction of one of our traditional homes typically proceeds after signing the agreement of sale with our customer and can require seven months or more to complete. Weather-related problems may occur from time to time, delaying starts or closings or increasing costs and reducing profitability. In addition, delays in opening new communities or new sections of existing communities could have an adverse impact on home sales and revenues. Expenses are not incurred and recognized evenly throughout the year.  
  Because of these factors, our quarterly operating results may be uneven and may be marked by lower revenues and earnings in some quarters than in others. 
  Future terrorist attacks against the United States or increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on our operations.  
  Future terrorist attacks against the United States or any foreign country or increased domestic or international instability could significantly reduce the number of new contracts signed, increase the number of cancellations of existing contracts, and/or increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business. 
  Information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business. 
  As part of our normal business activities, we use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems, including our backup systems, are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including through cyber attack and data theft), usage errors, and catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, tornadoes, and hurricanes. If our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our home buyers and business partners), which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. 
  Our acquisition of Shapell may expose us to unknown liabilities. 
  As part of the Acquisition, we acquired all the outstanding equity interests of Shapell, and as a result we will generally be subject to all of its liabilities, other than certain excluded liabilities as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. If previously unknown liabilities or other obligations of Shapell emerge in the future including contingent liabilities, our business could be materially affected. We may learn additional information about Shapell that adversely affects us, such as unknown liabilities, including liabilities under environmental laws, issues that could affect our ability to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or issues that could affect our ability to comply with other applicable laws. 
   
  ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
  None. 
  
   17 

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES 
  Headquarters 
  Our corporate office, which we lease from an unrelated party, contains approximately 200,000 square feet and is located in Horsham, Pennsylvania. 
  Manufacturing/Distribution Facilities 
  We own a manufacturing facility of approximately 300,000 square feet located in Morrisville, Pennsylvania; a manufacturing facility of approximately 186,000 square feet located in Emporia, Virginia; and a manufacturing facility of approximately 134,000 square feet located in Knox, Indiana. We lease, from an unrelated party, a facility of approximately 56,000 square feet located in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania. In addition, we own a 34,000-square foot manufacturing, warehouse, and office facility in Culpepper, Virginia. At these facilities, we manufacture open wall panels, roof and floor trusses, and certain interior and exterior millwork to supply a portion of our construction needs. These facilities supply components used in our North, Mid-Atlantic, and South geographic segments. These operations also permit us to purchase wholesale lumber, plywood, windows, doors, certain other interior and exterior millwork, and other building materials to supply to our communities. We believe that increased efficiencies, cost savings, and productivity result from the operation of these plants and from the wholesale purchase of materials. 
  Office and Other Facilities 
  We own or lease from unrelated parties office and warehouse space and golf course facilities in various locations, none of which are material to our business. 
   
  ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
  We are involved in various claims and litigation arising principally in the ordinary course of business. We believe that adequate provision for resolution of all current claims and pending litigation has been made for probable losses and that the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity or on our financial condition.  
   
  ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  PART II 
   
  ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
  Shares of our common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol  TOL . The following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the reported high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE: 

The closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the last trading day of our fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was $27.44, $35.97, and $31.95, respectively. At December 19, 2016, there were approximately 638 record holders of our common stock. 
  
   18 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  During the three months ended   October 31, 2016  , we repurchased the following shares of our common stock: 

(a) 
    On December 16, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of   20 million   shares of our common stock in open market transactions or otherwise for the purpose of obtaining shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans and for any other additional purpose or purposes as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Effective May 23, 2016, our Board of Directors terminated the December 2014 share repurchase program and authorized, under a new repurchase program, the repurchase of   20 million   shares of our common stock in open market transactions or otherwise for general corporate purposes, including to obtain shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans. The Board of Directors did not fix any expiration date for this repurchase program. 
     Except as set forth above, we did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the three-month period ended  
  October 31, 2016  . 
  Dividends 
  We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and any decision to pay dividends in the future will depend upon an evaluation of a number of factors, including our results of operations, our capital requirements, our operating and financial condition, and any contractual limitations then in effect. Our bank credit agreement requires us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the agreement), which restricts the amount of dividends we may pay. At   October 31, 2016  , under the most restrictive provisions of our bank credit agreement, we could have paid up to approximately   $1.58 billion   of cash dividends. 

19 

Stockholder Return Performance Graph  
  The following graph and chart compares the five-year cumulative total return (assuming that an investment of $100 was made on October 31, 2011, and that dividends, if any, were reinvested) from October 31, 2011 to October 31, 2016, for (a) our common stock, (b) the S P Homebuilding Index and (c) the S P 500       : 
    
  Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return Among Toll Brothers, Inc., the S P 500       , and  
  the S P Homebuilding Index 

20 

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
  The following tables set forth selected consolidated financial and housing data at and for each of the five fiscal years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  . They should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, listed in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K beginning at page F-1 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
  Summary Consolidated Statements of Operations and Balance Sheets (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 

Housing Data 

21 

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ( MD A ) 
  This discussion and analysis is based on, should be read together with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K, beginning at page F-1.  It also should be read in conjunction with the disclosure under  Forward-Looking Statements  in Part 1 of this Form 10-K. 
  When this report uses the words  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company,  they refer to Toll Brothers, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References herein to fiscal year refer to our fiscal years ended or ending October 31. 
  Unless otherwise stated in this report, net contracts signed represents a number or value equal to the gross number or value of contracts signed during the relevant period, less the number or value of contracts canceled during the relevant period, which includes contracts that were signed during the relevant period and in prior periods. Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers ( backlog ).  
  OVERVIEW 
  Our Business 
  We design, build, market, sell, and arrange financing for detached and attached homes in luxury residential communities. We cater to move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, age-qualified, and second-home buyers in the United States ( Traditional Home Building Product ). We also build and sell homes in urban infill markets through Toll Brothers City Living        ( City Living ). At   October 31, 2016  , we were operating in   19   states. In the five years ended   October 31, 2016  , we delivered   24,490   homes from 621 communities, including   6,098   homes from 377 communities in fiscal   2016  .  
  In February 2014, we acquired the home building business of Shapell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Shapell ), and in November 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets and operations of Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC ( Coleman ). See  Acquisitions  below for more information. 
  We are developing several land parcels for master planned communities in which we intend to build homes on a portion of the lots and sell the remaining lots to other builders. Two of these master planned communities are being developed 100% by us, and the remaining communities are being developed through joint ventures with other builders or financial partners. 
  In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and operate for-rent apartments through joint ventures. See the section entitled  Toll Brothers Apartment Living/Toll Brothers Campus Living/Toll Brothers Realty Trust  below.  
  We operate our own land development, architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, landscaping, security monitoring, lumber distribution, house component assembly, and manufacturing operations. In addition, in certain markets, we develop land for sale to other builders, often through joint venture structures with other builders or with financial partners. We also develop, own, and operate golf courses and country clubs, which generally are associated with several of our master planned communities.  
  We have investments in various unconsolidated entities. We have investments in joint ventures (i) to develop land for the joint venture participants and for sale to outside builders ( Land Development Joint Ventures  (ii) to develop for-sale homes ( Home Building Joint Ventures  (iii) to develop luxury for-rent residential apartments, commercial space and a hotel ( Rental Property Joint Ventures  and (iv) to invest in distressed loans and real estate and provide financing for residential builders and developers for the acquisition and development of land and home sites ( Gibraltar Joint Ventures ). 
  Financial Highlights 
  In fiscal   2016  , we recognized   $5.17 billion   of revenues and net income of   $382.1 million  , as compared to   $4.17 billion   of revenues and net income of   $363.2 million   in fiscal   2015  .  
  In fiscal   2016   and   2015  , the value of net contracts signed was   $5.65 billion   (  6,719   homes) and   $4.96 billion   (  5,910   homes), respectively. The value of our backlog at   October 31, 2016   was   $3.98 billion   (  4,685   homes), as compared to our backlog at   October 31, 2015   of   $3.50 billion   (  4,064   homes). 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $633.7 million   of cash and cash equivalents on hand and approximately $961.8 million for borrowing available under our $1.295 billion revolving credit facility ( New Credit Facility ) that matures in May 2021. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $250.0 million   of outstanding borrowings under the New Credit Facility and had outstanding letters of credit of approximately   $83.2 million  . 
  At   October 31, 2016  , our total equity and our debt to total capitalization ratio were   $4.24 billion   and   0.47   to 1:00, respectively, 
  
   22 

Acquisitions 
  Shapell Industries, Inc. 
  On   February 4, 2014  , we completed our acquisition of Shapell pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) dated November 6, 2013 with Shapell Investment Properties, Inc. ( SIPI ). We acquired all of the equity interests in Shapell from SIPI on February 4, 2014 for   $1.49 billion  , net of cash acquired (the  Acquisition ). We acquired the single-family residential real property development business of Shapell, including a portfolio of approximately   4,950   home sites in California, some of which we have sold to other builders. The Acquisition provided us with a premier California land portfolio including   11   active selling communities, as of the Acquisition date, in affluent, high-growth markets: the San Francisco Bay area, metro Los Angeles, Orange County, and the Carlsbad market. As part of the Acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   126   homes with an aggregate value of approximately   $105.3 million  . The Shapell operations have been fully integrated into our  operations. 
  Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC  
  In October 2016, we entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets and operations of Coleman. In November 2016, we completed the acquisition of Coleman for approximately   $85.2 million   in cash. The assets acquired were primarily inventory, including approximately   1,750   home sites owned or controlled through land purchase agreements. As part of the acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   128   homes with an aggregate value of   $38.8 million  . The average price of the undelivered homes at the date of acquisition was approximately   $303,000  . Our selling community count increased by   15   communities at the acquisition date. 
  See Note 2,  Acquisitions,  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these acquisitions. 
  Our Business Environment and Current Outlook 
  Since the third quarter of fiscal 2014 through the end of fiscal 2016, we saw a general strengthening in customer demand. In fiscal   2016  , we signed   6,719   contracts with an aggregate value of $  5.65 billion  , compared to   5,910   contracts with an aggregate value of   $4.96 billion   in fiscal   2015  , and   5,271   contracts with an aggregate value of   $3.90 billion   in fiscal   2014  . We are optimistic that the strengthening in customer demand will continue for the foreseeable future. We believe that, as the national economy continues to improve and as the millennial generation comes of age, pent-up demand for homes will continue to be released.  
  According to the U.S. Census Bureau ( Census Bureau ), the number of households earning $100,000 or more (in constant 2015 dollars) at September 2016 stood at 33.2 million, or approximately 26.4% of all U.S. households. This group has grown at three times the rate of increase of all U.S. households since 1980. According to Harvard University s 2016 report,  The State of the Nation s Housing,  demographic forces are likely to drive the addition of just under 1.3 million new households per year during the next decade. 
  Housing starts, which encompass the units needed for household formations, second homes, and the replacement of obsolete or demolished units, have not kept pace with this projected household growth. According to the Census Bureau s October 2016 New Residential Sales Report, new home inventory stands at a supply of just 5.2 months, based on current sales paces. If demand and pace increase significantly, the supply of 5.2 months could quickly be drawn down. During the period 1970 through 2007, total housing starts in the United States averaged approximately 1.6 million per year, while during the period 2008 through 2015, total housing starts averaged approximately 0.81 million per year according to the Census Bureau. 
  We continue to believe that many of our communities are in desirable locations that are difficult to replace and in markets where approvals have been increasingly difficult to achieve. We believe that many of these communities have substantial embedded value that may be realized in the future as the housing recovery strengthens. 
  Competitive Landscape 
  The home building business is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with numerous home builders of varying sizes, ranging from local to national in scope, some of which have greater sales and financial resources than we do. Sales of existing homes, whether by a homeowner or by a financial institution that has acquired a home through a foreclosure, also provide competition. We compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service, and reputation. We believe our financial stability, relative to many others in our industry, is a favorable competitive factor as more home buyers focus on builder solvency.  
  
   23 

In addition, there are fewer and more selective lenders serving our industry as compared to prior years and we believe that these lenders gravitate to the home building companies that offer them the greatest security, the strongest balance sheets, and the broadest array of potential business opportunities.  
  Land Acquisition and Development 
  Our business is subject to many risks, because of the extended length of time that it takes to obtain the necessary approvals on a property, complete the land improvements on it, and deliver a home after a home buyer signs an agreement of sale. In certain cases, we attempt to reduce some of these risks by utilizing one or more of the following methods: controlling land for future development through options (also referred to herein as  land purchase contracts  or  option and purchase agreements ), which enable us to obtain necessary governmental approvals before acquiring title to the land; generally commencing construction of a detached home only after executing an agreement of sale and receiving a substantial down payment from the buyer; and using subcontractors to perform home construction and land development work on a fixed-price basis.  
  During fiscal   2016   and   2015  , we acquired control of approximately   10,682   home sites (net of options terminated and home sites sold) and, approximately   2,611   home sites (net of options terminated and home sites sold), respectively. At   October 31, 2016  , we controlled approximately   48,837   home sites, as compared to approximately   44,253   home sites at   October 31, 2015  , and   47,167   home sites at   October 31, 2014  . In addition, at   October 31, 2016  , we expect to purchase approximately   3,600   additional home sites from several land development joint ventures in which we have an interest, at prices not yet determined.  
  Of the approximately   48,837   total home sites that we owned or controlled through options at   October 31, 2016  , we owned approximately   34,137   and controlled approximately   14,700   through options. Of the   48,837   home sites, approximately   17,065   were substantially improved. The   14,700   home sites controlled through options includes the   1,750   home sites owned or controlled by Coleman.  
  In addition, at   October 31, 2016  , our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately   11,400   home sites (including   240   home sites included in the   14,700   controlled through options), and our Homebuilding Joint Ventures owned approximately   400   home sites.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , we were selling from   310   communities, compared to 288 communities at   October 31, 2015  , and 263 communities at   October 31, 2014  . 
  Customer Mortgage Financing 
  We maintain relationships with a widely diversified group of mortgage financial institutions, many of which are among the largest in the industry. We believe that regional and community banks continue to recognize the long-term value in creating relationships with high-quality, affluent customers such as our home buyers, and these banks continue to provide such customers with financing.  
  We believe that our home buyers generally are, and should continue to be, better able to secure mortgages due to their typically lower loan-to-value ratios and attractive     credit profiles, as compared to the average home buyer.  
  Toll Brothers Apartment Living/Toll Brothers Campus Living/Toll Brothers Realty Trust 
  In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and operate for-rent apartments through joint ventures. At   October 31, 2016  , we controlled   28   land parcels as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately   9,600   units. These projects, which are located in the metro Boston to metro Washington, D.C. corridor; Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; and Fremont, California are being operated, are being developed or will be developed with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living, Toll Brothers Campus Living and Toll Brothers Realty Trust (the  Trust ). 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had approximately   2,950   units in for-rent apartment projects that were occupied or ready for occupancy,   600   units in the lease-up stage,   900   units under active development, and   5,150   units in the planning stage. Of the   9,600   units at   October 31, 2016  ,   4,850   were owned by joint ventures in which we have an interest; approximately   1,600   were owned by us;   2,850   were under contract to be purchased by us; and   300   were under a letter of intent. 
  CONTRACTS AND BACKLOG 
  The aggregate value of net sales contracts signed increased   14.0%   in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , and 27.2% in fiscal   2015  , as compared to fiscal   2014  . The value of net sales contracts signed was   $5.65 billion   (  6,719   homes) in fiscal   2016  ,   $4.96 billion   (  5,910   homes) in fiscal   2015  , and   $3.90 billion   (  5,271   homes) in fiscal   2014  .  
  The increase in the aggregate value of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was the result of a   13.7%   increase in the number of net contracts signed. The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily due to the continued recovery in the U.S. housing market in fiscal   2016  .  
  
   24 

The value of our backlog at   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $3.98 billion   (  4,685   homes),   $3.50 billion   (  4,064   homes), and   $2.72 billion   (  3,679   homes), respectively. Approximately   97%   of the homes in backlog at   October 31, 2016   are expected to be delivered by October 31, 2017. The 13.7% increase in the value of homes in backlog at   October 31, 2016  , as compared to   October 31, 2015  , was primarily due to a   14.0%   increase in the value of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , and the higher backlog at the beginning of fiscal   2016  , as compared to the beginning of fiscal   2015  , offset, in part, by a   23.9%   increase in the aggregate value of our deliveries in fiscal   2016  , as compared to the aggregate value of deliveries in fiscal   2015  .  
  The 28.8% increase in the value of homes in backlog at October 31, 2015, as compared to October 31, 2014, was due to a 27.2% increase in the value of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, and the higher backlog at the beginning of fiscal 2015, as compared to the beginning of fiscal 2014, offset, in part, by a 6.6% increase in the aggregate value of our deliveries in fiscal 2015, as compared to the aggregate value of deliveries in fiscal 2014.  
  For more information regarding revenues, net contracts signed, and backlog by geographic segment, see  Segments  in this MD A. 
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
  Inventory 
  Inventory is stated at cost unless an impairment exists, in which case it is written down to fair value in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). In addition to direct land acquisition, land development, and home construction costs, costs also include interest, real estate taxes, and direct overhead related to development and construction, which are capitalized to inventory during periods beginning with the commencement of development and ending with the completion of construction. For those communities that have been temporarily closed, no additional capitalized interest is allocated to the community s inventory until it reopens, and other carrying costs are expensed as incurred. Once a parcel of land has been approved for development and we open the community, it can typically take four or more years to fully develop, sell, and deliver all the homes in that community. Longer or shorter time periods are possible depending on the number of home sites in a community and the sales and delivery pace of the homes in a community. Our master planned communities, consisting of several smaller communities, may take up to 10 years or more to complete. Because our inventory is considered a long-lived asset under GAAP, we are required to regularly review the carrying value of each of our communities and write down the value of those communities when we believe the values are not recoverable. 
  Operating Communities  : When the profitability of an operating community deteriorates, the sales pace declines significantly, or some other factor indicates a possible impairment in the recoverability of the asset, the asset is reviewed for impairment by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flow for the community to its carrying value. If the estimated future undiscounted cash flow is less than the community s carrying value, the carrying value is written down to its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. The impairment is charged to cost of revenues in the period in which the impairment is determined. In estimating the future undiscounted cash flow of a community, we use various estimates such as (i) the expected sales pace in a community, based upon general economic conditions that will have a short-term or long-term impact on the market in which the community is located and on competition within the market, including the number of home sites available and pricing and incentives being offered in other communities owned by us or by other builders; (ii) the expected sales prices and sales incentives to be offered in a community; (iii) costs expended to date and expected to be incurred in the future, including, but not limited to, land and land development costs, home construction, interest, and overhead costs; (iv) alternative product offerings that may be offered in a community that will have an impact on sales pace, sales price, building cost, or the number of homes that can be built in a particular community; and (v) alternative uses for the property, such as the possibility of a sale of the entire community to another builder or the sale of individual home sites. 
  Future Communities  : We evaluate all land held for future communities or future sections of operating communities, whether owned or optioned, to determine whether or not we expect to proceed with the development of the land as originally contemplated. This evaluation encompasses the same types of estimates used for operating communities described above, as well as an evaluation of the regulatory environment in which the land is located and the estimated probability of obtaining the necessary approvals, the estimated time and cost it will take to obtain those approvals, and the possible concessions that will be required to be given in order to obtain them. Concessions may include cash payments to fund improvements to public places such as parks and streets, dedication of a portion of the property for use by the public or as open space, or a reduction in the density or size of the homes to be built. Based upon this review, we decide (i) as to land under contract to be purchased, whether the contract will likely be terminated or renegotiated, and (ii) as to land we own, whether the land will likely be  
  
   25 

developed as contemplated or in an alternative manner, or should be sold. We then further determine whether costs that have been capitalized to the community are recoverable or should be written off. The write-off is charged to cost of revenues in the period in which the need for the write-off is determined. 
  The estimates used in the determination of the estimated cash flows and fair value of both current and future communities are based on factors known to us at the time such estimates are made and our expectations of future operations and economic conditions. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated fair value deteriorate in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges and write-offs related to current and future communities and such amounts could be material. 
  We provided for inventory impairment charges and the expensing of costs that we believed not to be recoverable in each of the three fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , as shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

The table below provides, for the periods indicated, the number of operating communities that we reviewed for potential impairment, the number of operating communities in which we recognized impairment charges, the amount of impairment charges recognized, and, as of the end of the period indicated, the fair value of those communities, net of impairment charges  
  ($ amounts in thousands): 

Income Taxes   Valuation Allowance 
  Significant judgment is applied in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets. In accordance with GAAP, a valuation allowance is established against a deferred tax asset if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such asset will not be realized. The realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carryback or carryforward periods under tax law. We assess the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets  
  
   26 

based on GAAP s  more-likely-than-not  realization threshold criteria. In our assessment, appropriate consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. Forming a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed is difficult when there is significant negative evidence such as cumulative losses in recent years. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, consistency, and magnitude of current and cumulative income and losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryback or carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards being used before expiration, and tax planning alternatives. 
  Our assessment of the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets includes assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect our actual tax results, and our future business results may affect the amount of our deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of our deferred tax assets over time. Our accounting for deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. 
  Due to uncertainties in the estimation process, particularly with respect to changes in facts and circumstances in future reporting periods (carryforward period assumptions), actual results could differ from the estimates used in our analysis. Our assumptions require significant judgment because the residential home building industry is cyclical and is highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. If our results of operations are less than projected and there is insufficient objectively verifiable positive evidence to support the more-likely-than-not realization of our deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance would be required to reduce or eliminate our deferred tax assets. 
  Our deferred tax assets consist principally of the recognition of losses primarily driven by accrued expenses, inventory impairments, and impairments of investments in unconsolidated entities. In accordance with GAAP, we assess whether a valuation allowance should be established based on our determination of whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we determined that it was more-likely-than-not that our deferred assets would be realized for federal purposes. Accordingly, at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we did not record any valuation allowances against our federal deferred tax assets. 
  We file tax returns in the various states in which we do business. Each state has its own statutes regarding the use of tax loss carryforwards. Some of the states in which we do business do not allow for the carryforward of losses, while others allow for carryforwards for   five   years to 20 years. 
  For state tax purposes, due to past and projected losses in certain jurisdictions where we do not have carryback potential and/or cannot sufficiently forecast future taxable income, we recognized net cumulative valuation allowances against our state deferred tax assets at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  . During fiscal   2015  , and   2014  , due to improved actual and/or operating results, we reversed   $16.3 million   and   $13.3 million   of state deferred tax asset valuation allowances, respectively. During fiscal   2016  ,   no   state deferred tax asset valuation allowances were reversed. In addition, we establish valuation allowances for newly created deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions where it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax asset would not be realized. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we recognized new valuation allowances of   $1.0 million  ,   $3.7 million  , and   $1.3 million  , respectively. The valuation allowance at   October 31, 2016   of   $32.2 million   relates to deferred tax assets in states that had not met the more-likely-than-not realization threshold criteria. 
  Revenue and Cost Recognition 
  Revenues and cost of revenues from home sales are recorded at the time each home is delivered and title and possession are transferred to the buyer.  
  For our standard attached and detached homes, land, land development, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are amortized to the cost of homes closed based upon the total number of homes to be constructed in each community. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs subsequent to the commencement of delivery of homes are allocated to the remaining undelivered homes in the community. Home construction and related costs are charged to the cost of homes closed under the specific identification method. For our master planned communities, the estimated land, common area development, and related costs, including the cost of golf courses, net of their estimated residual value, are allocated to individual communities within a master planned community on a relative sales value basis. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs are allocated to the remaining home sites in each of the communities of the master planned community. 
  For high-rise/mid-rise projects, land, land development, construction, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are generally amortized to the cost of units closed based upon an estimated relative sales value of the units closed to the total estimated sales value. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated total costs or revenues of the project are allocated to the remaining units to be delivered. 
  
   27 

Forfeited customer deposits:   Forfeited customer deposits are recognized in other income-net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the period in which we determine that the customer will not complete the purchase of the home and we have the right to retain the deposit. 
  Sales Incentives:   In order to promote sales of our homes, we grant our home buyers sales incentives from time to time. These incentives will vary by type of incentive and by amount on a community-by-community and home-by-home basis. Incentives that impact the value of the home or the sales price paid, such as special or additional options, are generally reflected as a reduction in sales revenues. Incentives that we pay to an outside party, such as paying some or all of a home buyer s closing costs, are recorded as an additional cost of revenues. Incentives are recognized at the time the home is delivered to the home buyer and we receive the sales proceeds. 
  Warranty and Self-Insurance  
  Warranty:   We provide all of our home buyers with a limited warranty as to workmanship and mechanical equipment. We also provide many of our home buyers with a limited 10-year warranty as to structural integrity. We accrue for expected warranty costs at the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer. Warranty costs are accrued based upon historical experience. Adjustments to our warranty liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs. Over the past several years, we have had a significant number of warranty claims related primarily to older homes built in Pennsylvania and Delaware. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Self-Insurance:   We maintain, and require the majority of our subcontractors to maintain, general liability insurance (including construction defect and bodily injury coverage) and workers  compensation insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims related to our home building activities, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits ( self-insured liability ). We also provide general liability insurance for our subcontractors in Arizona, California, Nevada, Washington, and certain areas of Texas, where eligible subcontractors are enrolled as insureds under our general liability insurance policies in each community in which they perform work. For those enrolled subcontractors, we absorb their general liability associated with the work performed on our homes within the applicable community as part of our overall general liability insurance and our self-insurance through our captive insurance subsidiary.  
  We record expenses and liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover our self-insured liability and the estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are above our coverage limits or that are not covered by our insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of our historical claims and industry data, and include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported ( IBNR ).  
  We engage a third-party actuary that uses our historical claim and expense data, input from our internal legal and risk management groups, as well as industry data, to estimate our liabilities related to unpaid claims, IBNR associated with the risks that we are assuming for our self-insured liability and other required costs to administer current and expected claims. These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to a variety of factors, the most significant being the long period of time between the delivery of a home to a home buyer and when a structural warranty or construction defect claim is made, and the ultimate resolution of the claim. Though state regulations vary, construction defect claims are reported and resolved over a prolonged period of time, which can extend for 10 years or longer. As a result, the majority of the estimated liability relates to IBNR. Adjustments to our liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs.  
  The projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of product we build, insurance industry practices and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severities and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and the estimates to settle claims can impact the trends and assumptions used in the actuarial analysis, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Due to the degree of judgment required, the potential for variability in these underlying assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from those estimated, and the difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
  We also operate through a number of joint ventures. These joint ventures (i) develop land for the joint venture participants and for sale to outside builders ( Land Development Joint Ventures  (ii) develop for-sale homes ( Home Building Joint Ventures  (iii) develop luxury for-rent residential apartments, commercial space and a hotel ( Rental Property Joint Ventures  and (iv) invest in distressed loans and real estate and provide financing for residential builders and developers for  
  
   28 

the acquisition and development of land and home sites ( Gibraltar Joint Ventures ). We earn construction and management fee income from many of these joint ventures. 
  Our investments in these entities are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. We are a party to several joint ventures with unrelated parties to develop and sell land that is owned by the joint ventures. We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings from the sale of home sites to other builders, including our joint venture partners. We do not recognize earnings from the home sites we purchase from these ventures at the time of our purchase; instead, our cost basis in the home sites is reduced by our share of the earnings realized by the joint venture from those home sites. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had investments in these entities of   $496.4 million  , and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional   $273.8 million   to these entities if they require additional funding. At   October 31, 2016  , we had agreed to terms for the acquisition of   240   home sites from   two   Land Development Joint Ventures for an estimated aggregate purchase price of   $79.2 million  . In addition, we expect to purchase approximately   3,600   additional home sites over a number of years from several joint ventures in which we have interests; the purchase price of these home sites will be determined at a future date.  
  The unconsolidated entities in which we have investments generally finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, we and our partners have guaranteed debt of certain unconsolidated entities. These guarantees may include any or all of the following: (i) project completion guarantees, including any cost overruns; (ii) repayment guarantees, generally covering a percentage of the outstanding loan; (iii) carry cost guarantees, which cover costs such as interest. real estate taxes, and insurance; (iv) an environmental indemnity provided to the lender that holds the lender harmless from and against losses arising from the discharge of hazardous materials from the property and non-compliance with applicable environmental laws; and (v) indemnification of the lender from  bad boy acts  of the unconsolidated entity. 
  In some instances, the guarantees provided in connection with loans to an unconsolidated entity are joint and several. In these situations, we generally have a reimbursement agreement with our partner that provides that neither party is responsible for more than its proportionate share or agreed-upon share of the guarantee; however, if the joint venture partner does not have adequate financial resources to meet its obligations under the reimbursement agreement, we may be liable for more than our proportionate share.  
  We believe that as of   October 31, 2016  , in the event we become legally obligated to perform under a guarantee of the obligation of an unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event, the collateral should be sufficient to repay a significant portion of the obligation. If it is not, we and our partners would need to contribute additional capital to the venture. At   October 31, 2016  , the unconsolidated entities that have guarantees related to debt had loan commitments aggregating   $875.7 million   and had borrowed an aggregate of   $576.0 million  . We estimate that our maximum potential exposure under these guarantees, if the full amount of the loan commitments were borrowed, would be   $875.7 million  , without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners. Of this maximum potential exposure,   $87.0 million   is related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. Based on the amounts borrowed at   October 31, 2016  , our maximum potential exposure under these guarantees is estimated to be   $576.0 million  , without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners. Of the estimated   $576.0 million  ,   $61.5 million   is related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. 
  In addition, we have guaranteed approximately   $4.3 million   of ground lease payments and insurance deductibles for   three   joint ventures. 
  For more information regarding these joint ventures, see Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
  The trends, uncertainties or other factors that negatively impact our business and the industry in general also impact the unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. We review each of our investments on a quarterly basis for indicators of impairment. A series of operating losses of an investee, the inability to recover our invested capital, or other factors may indicate that a loss in value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity has occurred. If a loss exists, we further review to determine if the loss is other than temporary, in which case we write down the investment to its fair value. The evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities entails a detailed cash flow analysis using many estimates including but not limited to, expected sales pace, expected sales prices, expected incentives, costs incurred and anticipated, sufficiency of financing and capital, competition, market conditions and anticipated cash receipts, in order to determine projected future distributions. Each of the unconsolidated entities evaluates its inventory in a similar manner. In addition, for rental properties, we review rental trends, expected future expenses, and expected future cash flows to determine estimated fair values of the properties. See  Critical Accounting Policies - Inventory  contained in this MD A for more detailed disclosure on our evaluation of inventory. If a valuation adjustment is recorded by an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, our proportionate share is reflected in income from unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to our investment in unconsolidated entities. Based upon  
  
   29 

our evaluation of the fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, we determined that no impairments of our investments occurred in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following table compares certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and other supplemental information for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   ($ amounts in millions, unless otherwise stated). For more information regarding results of operations by operating segment, see  Segments  in this MD A. 

Note: Amounts may not add due to rounding.  
  FISCAL   2016   COMPARED TO FISCAL   2015     
  REVENUES AND COST OF REVENUES 
  The increase in revenues in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily attributable to a   12.3%   increase in the average price of the homes delivered due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or higher-priced products and a   10.4%   increase in the number of homes delivered primarily due to a higher backlog at October 31, 2015, as compared to October 31, 2014.  
  Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 2016 was 80.2%, as compared to 78.4% in fiscal 2015. The increase in the fiscal 2016 percentage was primarily due to the recognition in fiscal 2016 of $125.6 million (2.4% of revenues) of warranty charges primarily related to older homes built in Pennsylvania and Delaware, as compared to $14.7 million (0.4% of revenues) in fiscal 2015 and slightly higher land and construction costs as a percentage of revenues in homes delivered in fiscal 2016, as  
  
   30 

compared to fiscal 2015. These increased costs were offset, in part, by lower interest expense and inventory impairment and write-offs as a percentage of revenues in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Interest cost in fiscal   2016   was   $160.3 million   or 3.1% of revenues, as compared to   $142.9 million   or 3.4% of revenues in fiscal   2015  . We recognized inventory impairments and write-offs of $13.8 million or 0.3% of revenues and $35.7 million or 0.9% of revenues in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.  
  SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ( SG A ) 
  SG A spending increased by $80.3 million but declined as a percentage of revenues in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  . The decrease in SG A as a percentage of revenues in the fiscal   2016   period was due to SG A spending increasing by   17.6%   while revenues increased   23.9%   from the fiscal   2015   period. The dollar increase in SG A was due primarily to increased compensation costs due to a higher number of employees and increased sales and marketing costs. The higher sales and marketing costs were the result of the increased number of homes closed and increased number of selling communities that we had in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  . 
  INCOME FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 
  We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings and losses from the various unconsolidated entities in which we have an investment. Many of our unconsolidated entities are land development projects or high-rise/mid-rise condominium construction projects, which do not generate revenues and earnings for a number of years during the development of the property. Once development is complete, these unconsolidated entities will generally, over a relatively short period of time, generate revenues and earnings until all of the assets of the entity are sold. Because there is not a steady flow of revenues and earnings from these entities, the earnings recognized from these entities will vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 
  In fiscal   2016  , we recognized   $40.7 million   of income from unconsolidated entities, as compared to   $21.1 million   in fiscal   2015  . The increase in income from unconsolidated entities in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was due mainly to higher earnings from two of our City Living Home Building Joint Ventures, a $4.9 million gain recognized related to the sale of our ownership interests in one of our joint ventures located in New Jersey, and to the recognition of a $2.9 million recovery in fiscal 2016 of previously incurred charges related to a joint venture located in Nevada, offset, in part, by lower income from our Land Development Joint Ventures.  
  OTHER INCOME - NET 
  The table below provides the components of  Other Income   net  for the years ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands):  

In fiscal     2016   and fiscal   2015  , our security monitoring business recognized gains of     $1.6 million     and     $8.1 million  , respectively,     from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts in fiscal   2015  , which is included in income from ancillary businesses above.   The decline in income from     Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management, LLC ( Gibraltar )   was due primarily from the continuing monetization of its assets offset, in part by     a   $1.3 million   gain in fiscal   2016   from the sale of a 76% interest in certain assets of Gibraltar. See Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities - Gibraltar Joint Ventures  of this Form 10-K for additional information on this transaction.  
  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
  In fiscal   2016  , we reported income before income taxes of   $589.0 million  , as compared to   $535.6 million   in fiscal   2015  . 

31 

INCOME TAX PROVISION 
  We recognized a   $206.9 million   income tax provision in fiscal   2016  . Based upon the federal statutory rate of 35%, our federal tax provision would have been   $206.2 million  . The difference between our tax provision recognized and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was due mainly to the recognition of a   $27.0 million   provision for state income taxes; the recognition of a   $2.1 million   provision for uncertain tax positions taken;   $2.0 million   of accrued interest and penalties for previously accrued taxes on uncertain tax positions; and   $3.9 million   of other differences; offset by a   $16.9 million   tax benefit from the utilization of the domestic production activities deduction; the reversal of   $11.2 million   of previously accrued tax provisions on uncertain tax positions that were no longer necessary due to the expiration of the statute of limitations and settlements with certain taxing jurisdictions; and   $7.0 million   of other permanent deductions. 
  We recognized a $172.4 million income tax provision in fiscal 2015. Based upon the federal statutory rate of 35%, our federal tax provision would have been $187.4 million. The difference between our tax provision recognized and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was due principally to the reversal of $15.3 million of previously accrued tax provisions on uncertain tax positions that were no longer necessary due to the expiration of the statute of limitations and the settlements with certain taxing jurisdictions; a $12.3 million tax benefit from our utilization of the domestic production activities deduction; a benefit of $12.6 million from the reversal of state deferred tax asset valuation allowances, net of $3.7 million of new state deferred tax asset valuation allowances recognized; and $7.8 million of other permanent deductions; offset, in part, by the recognition of a $21.9 million provision for state income taxes; the recognition of a $3.2 million provision for uncertain tax positions taken; $2.6 million of accrued interest and penalties for previously accrued taxes on uncertain tax positions; and $5.3 million of other differences. 
  FISCAL   2015   COMPARED TO FISCAL   2014    
  REVENUES AND COST OF REVENUES 
  Revenues in fiscal 2015 were higher than those for fiscal 2014 by approximately $259.6 million, or 6.6%. This increase was attributable to a 4.2% increase in the average price of the homes delivered and a 2.4% increase in the number of homes delivered. In fiscal 2015, we delivered 5,525 homes with a value of $4.17 billion, as compared to 5,397 homes in fiscal 2014 with a value of $3.91 billion. The increase in the number of homes delivered was principally due to a greater number of homes being sold and delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase in the average price of homes delivered was primarily attributable to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products and increased selling prices of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues was 78.4% in fiscal 2015, as compared to 78.8% in fiscal 2014.The decrease in cost of revenues in fiscal 2015 as a percentage of revenues, as compared to fiscal 2014, was due primarily to a change in product mix/areas to higher-margin areas, increased prices of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, the lower charge recognized for warranty and litigation in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, and the lower impact of the application of purchase accounting from the homes delivered from the Acquisition in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. These decreases were offset, in part, by increased construction costs and higher higher inventory impairment charges and write-offs in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015 and 2014, we recognized inventory impairment charges of $35.7 million or 0.9% of revenues and $20.7 million or 0.5% of revenues, respectively. In addition, in fiscal 2015 and 2014, we recognized charges related to warranty and litigation, net of other reversals, of $11.0 million and $24.0 million, respectively. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Interest cost in fiscal 2015 was $142.9 million or 3.4% of revenues, as compared to $137.5 million or 3.5% of revenues in fiscal 2014.  
  SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ( SG A ) 
  SG A increased by $22.6 million in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. As a percentage of revenues, SG A decreased to 10.9% in fiscal 2015, from 11.1% in fiscal 2014. Fiscal 2014 SG A includes $6.1 million of expenses incurred in the Acquisition. The dollar increase in SG A costs, excluding the acquisition costs, was due primarily to increased compensation costs due to our increased number of employees, and increased sales and marketing costs. The higher sales and marketing costs were the result of the increased spending on advertising and increased operating costs due to the increased number of selling communities that we had in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  INCOME FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 
  We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings and losses from the various unconsolidated entities in which we have an investment. Many of our unconsolidated entities are land development projects or high-rise/mid-rise condominium construction  
  
   32 

projects, which do not generate revenues and earnings for a number of years during the development of the property. Once development is complete, these unconsolidated entities will generally, over a relatively short period of time, generate revenues and earnings until all of the assets of the entity are sold. Because there is not a steady flow of revenues and earnings from these entities, the earnings recognized from these entities will vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 
  In fiscal 2015, we recognized $21.1 million of income from unconsolidated entities, as compared to $41.1 million in fiscal 2014. The decrease in income from unconsolidated entities was due primarily to our recognition of a $23.5 million gain representing our share of the gain on the sale by a Rental Property Joint Venture of substantially all of its assets in December 2013 and a $12.0 million distribution from the Trust in April 2014 due to the refinancing of one of the Trust s apartment properties. This was offset, in part, by higher income realized from several of our Land Development Joint Ventures and one Home Building Joint Venture in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. The higher income from these joint ventures was attributable primarily to higher sales activity and/or price increases in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  OTHER INCOME - NET 
  The table below provides the components of  Other Income   net  for the years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):  

In fiscal     2015  , our security monitoring business recognized an $8.1 million gain     from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts, which is included in income from ancillary businesses above. The decrease in income from Gibraltar s operations in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to a reduction in gains recognized from the disposition of real estate owned ( REO ) and from the acquisition of REO through foreclosure. The increase in management fee income in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to the increase in activity from the unconsolidated entities that we manage. The decrease in income from land sales was due to fewer land parcels being available for sale in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
  In fiscal 2015, we reported income before income taxes of $535.6 million, as compared to $504.6 million in fiscal 2014. 
  INCOME TAX PROVISION 
  We recognized a $172.4 million income tax provision in fiscal 2015. Based upon the federal statutory rate of 35%, our federal tax provision would have been $187.4 million. The difference between our tax provision recognized and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was due mainly to the reversal of $15.3 million of previously accrued tax provisions on uncertain tax positions that were no longer necessary due to the expiration of the statute of limitations and settlements with certain taxing jurisdictions; a $12.3 million tax benefit from the utilization of the domestic production activities deduction; a benefit of $12.6 million from the reversal of state deferred tax asset valuation allowances, net of $3.7 million of new state deferred tax asset valuation allowances recognized; and $7.8 million of other permanent deductions; offset, in part, by the recognition of a $21.9 million provision for state income taxes; the recognition of a $3.2 million provision for uncertain tax positions taken; $2.6 million of accrued interest and penalties for previously accrued taxes on uncertain tax positions; and $5.3 million of other differences. 
  We recognized a $164.6 million income tax provision in fiscal 2014. Based upon the federal statutory rate of 35%, our federal tax provision would have been $176.6 million. The difference between our tax provision recognized, excluding the changes in the deferred tax valuation allowance, and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was due principally to the reversal of $11.0 million of previously accrued tax provisions on uncertain tax positions that were no longer necessary due to the expiration of the statute of limitations and the settlement of state income tax audits; a $14.8 million tax benefit from our utilization of domestic production activities deductions; a $12.3 million tax benefit from our utilization of the domestic production activities deduction; a benefit of $12.0 million from the reversal of state deferred tax asset valuation allowances, net of $1.3 million of new state deferred tax asset valuation allowances recognized; and a $6.2 million tax benefit related to other miscellaneous permanent deductions, offset, in part, by a $23.8 million provision for state income taxes; the recognition of a  
  
   33 

$5.7 million provision for uncertain tax positions taken; and $1.8 million of accrued interest and penalties for previously accrued taxes on uncertain tax positions.  
   
  CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
  Funding for our business has been, and continues to be, provided principally by cash flow from operating activities before inventory additions, unsecured bank borrowings, and the public debt and equity markets. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $633.7 million   of cash and cash equivalents on hand and approximately $961.8 million available for borrowing under our New Credit Facility.  
  Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal   2016   was   $148.8 million  . It was generated primarily from   $382.1 million   of net income plus   $26.7 million   of stock-based compensation,   $23.1 million   of depreciation and amortization,   $13.8 million   of inventory impairments and write-offs, and   $19.3 million   of deferred taxes; an increase of   $524.6 million   in accounts payable and accrued expenses; a   $27.8 million   increase in customer deposits; and a   $6.0 million   increase in income taxes payable; offset, in part, by the net purchase of   $391.2 million   of inventory; a   $307.4 million   increase in receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets; and an increase of   $124.9 million   in mortgage loans originated, net of the sale of mortgage loans to outside investors. 
  Cash provided by investing activities during fiscal   2016   was   $8.2 million  . The cash provided by investing activities was primarily related to   $97.4 million   of cash received as returns on our investments in unconsolidated entities, foreclosed real estate, and distressed loans and   $10.0 million   of proceeds from the the sale of marketable securities, offset, in part, by   $69.7 million   used to fund investments in unconsolidated entities and   $28.4 million   for the purchase of property and equipment. 
  We used   $442.3 million   of cash from financing activities in fiscal   2016  , primarily for the repurchase of   $392.8 million   of our common stock; the repayment of $  100.0 million   from our credit facilities, net of new borrowing under them; and the repayment of   $69.0 million   of other loans payable, net of new borrowings, offset, in part, by $  110.0 million   of new borrowings under our mortgage company loan facility, net of repayments.  
  At October 31, 2015, we had $929.0 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities on hand and approximately $566.1 million available for borrowing under our $1.035 billion revolving credit facility ( Credit Facility ). Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2015 was $60.2 million. It was generated primarily from   $363.2 million   of net income plus   $22.9 million   of stock-based compensation,   $23.6 million   of depreciation and amortization,   $35.7 million   of inventory impairments and write-offs, and   $62.1 million   of deferred taxes; a $46.5 million increase in customer deposits; and an increase of $28.7 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses; offset, in part, by the net purchase of $352.0 million of inventory; a $65.5 million decrease in income taxes payable; a $55.6 million increase in receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets; and an increase of $21.4 million in mortgage loans originated, net of the sale of mortgage loans to outside investors.  
  Cash used in our investing activities during fiscal 2015 was $52.8 million. The cash used in investing activities was primarily related to $123.9 million used to fund investments in unconsolidated entities, $9.4 million for the purchase of property and equipment, offset, in part, by $77.4 million of cash received as returns on our investments in unconsolidated entities, foreclosed real estate, and distressed loans.  
  We generated $325.3 million of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2015, primarily from the issuance of $350.0 million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2025; $350.0 million of borrowing under our Credit Facility; and $39.5 million from the proceeds of our stock-based benefit plans, offset, in part, by the repayment of $300.0 million of senior notes; the repurchase of $56.9 million of our common stock; and the repayment of $55.0 million of other loans payable, net of new borrowings.  
  At October 31, 2014, we had $598.3 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities on hand and approximately $940.2 million available for borrowing under our Credit Facility. Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2014 was $313.2 million. It was generated primarily from   $340.0 million   of net income plus   $21.7 million   of stock-based compensation,   $23.0 million   of depreciation and amortization,   $20.7 million   of inventory impairments and write-offs, and   $47.4 million   of deferred taxes; an $82.1 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses; and a $52.4 million increase in income taxes payable; offset, in part, by the net purchase of $272.0 million of inventory.  
  Cash used in our investing activities during fiscal 2014 was $1.45 billion. The cash used in investing activities was primarily related to the $1.49 billion used to acquire Shapell; $113.0 million used to fund investments in unconsolidated entities; $15.1 million for the purchase of property and equipment; offset, in part, by $127.0 million of cash received as returns on our investments in unconsolidated entities, distressed loans, and foreclosed real estate, and $40.2 million of sales of marketable securities.  
  We generated $952.2 million of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2014, primarily from the issuance of 7.2 million shares of our common stock in November 2013 that raised $220.4 million; $595.3 million from the issuance in November 2013 of  
  
   34 

$350.0 million of 4.0% Senior Notes due 2018 and $250.0 million of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024; the borrowing of $500.0 million under a five-year term loan from a syndicate of eleven banks; and $28.4 million from the proceeds of our stock-based benefit plans, offset, in part, by the repayment of $268.0 million of our 4.95% Senior Notes in March 2014; the repurchase of $90.8 million of our common stock; and the repayment of $40.8 million of other loans payable, net of new borrowings. 
  In general, our cash flow from operating activities assumes that, as each home is delivered, we will purchase a home site to replace it. Because we own a supply of several years of home sites, we do not need to buy home sites immediately to replace those that we deliver. In addition, we generally do not begin construction of our detached homes until we have a signed contract with the home buyer. Should our business decline, we believe that our inventory levels would decrease as we complete and deliver the homes under construction but do not commence construction of as many new homes, as we complete the improvements on the land we already own, and as we sell and deliver the speculative homes that we have currently in inventory, resulting in additional cash flow from operations. In addition, we might delay or curtail our acquisition of additional land, as we did during the period April 2006 through January 2010, which would further reduce our inventory levels and cash needs. At   October 31, 2016  , we owned or controlled through options   48,837   home sites, as compared to   44,253   at October 31, 2015; and   47,167   at October 31, 2014. Of the   48,837   home sites owned or controlled through options at   October 31, 2016  , we owned   34,137  . Of our owned home sites at   October 31, 2016  , significant improvements were completed on approximately   17,065   of them.  
  In February 2014, we acquired all of the equity interests in Shapell, consisting of Shapell s single-family residential real property development business, including a portfolio of approximately   4,950   home sites in California. For more information regarding the Shapell acquisition, see Note 2,  Acquisitions  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , the aggregate purchase price of land parcels under option and purchase agreements was approximately   $1.62 billion   (including   $79.2 million   of land to be acquired from joint ventures in which we have invested). Of the   $1.62 billion   of land purchase commitments, we had paid or deposited   $65.3 million   and, if we acquire all of these land parcels, we will be required to pay an additional   $1.56 billion  . The purchases of these land parcels are scheduled over the next several years. We have additional land parcels under option that have been excluded from the aforementioned aggregate purchase amounts since we do not believe that we will complete the purchase of these land parcels and no additional funds will be required from us to terminate these contracts.  
  During the past several years, we have made a number of investments in unconsolidated entities related to the acquisition and development of land for future home sites, the construction of luxury for-sale condominiums, and for-rent apartments. Our investment activities related to investments in and distributions of investments from unconsolidated entities are contained in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows under    Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  ,  At   October 31, 2016  , we had investments in these entities of   $496.4 million  , and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional   $273.8 million   to these entities if they require additional funding. 
  On May 19, 2016, we entered into a new $1.215 billion (subsequently increased to $1.295 billion), five-year, unsecured New Credit Facility and terminated our $1.035 billion Credit Facility that was scheduled to terminate on August 1, 2018. Under the terms of the New Credit Facility, our maximum leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) may not exceed   1.75   to 1.00 and we are required to maintain a minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than approximately   $2.60 billion  . Under the terms of the New Credit Facility, at   October 31, 2016  , our leverage ratio was approximately   0.71   to 1.00 and our tangible net worth was approximately   $4.18 billion  . Based upon the minimum tangible net worth requirement, our ability to repurchase our common stock was limited to approximately   $2.13 billion   as of   October 31, 2016  . At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $250.0 million   of outstanding borrowings under the New Credit Facility and had outstanding letters of credit of approximately   $83.2 million  . 
  We believe that we will have adequate resources and sufficient access to the capital markets and external financing sources to continue to fund our current operations and meet our contractual obligations. Due to the uncertainties in the economy and for home builders in general, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace existing financing or find sources of additional financing in the future. 
  INFLATION 
  The long-term impact of inflation on us is manifested in increased costs for land, land development, construction, and overhead. We generally enter into contracts to acquire land a significant period of time before development and sales efforts begin. Accordingly, to the extent land acquisition costs are fixed, subsequent increases or decreases in the sales prices of homes will affect our profits. Because the sales price of each of our homes is fixed at the time a buyer enters into a contract to purchase a home and because we generally contract to sell our homes before we begin construction, any inflation of costs in excess of those anticipated may result in lower gross margins. We generally attempt to minimize that effect by entering into  
  
   35 

fixed-price contracts with our subcontractors and material suppliers for specified periods of time, which generally do not exceed one year.  
  In general, housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates and housing costs. Interest rates, the length of time that land remains in inventory, and the proportion of inventory that is financed affect our interest costs. If we are unable to raise sales prices enough to compensate for higher costs, or if mortgage interest rates increase significantly, affecting prospective buyers  ability to adequately finance home purchases, our revenues, gross margins, and net income could be adversely affected. Increases in sales prices, whether the result of inflation or demand, may affect the ability of prospective buyers to afford new homes. 
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
  The following table summarizes our estimated contractual payment obligations at   October 31, 2016   (amounts in millions): 

(a) 
    Amounts include estimated annual interest payments until maturity of the debt. Of the amounts indicated,   $2.7 billion   of the senior notes,   $871.1 million   of loans payable, and   $210.0 million   of the mortgage company loan facility were recorded on the   October 31, 2016   Consolidated Balance Sheet. In addition, the 2018   2019 amount includes $287.5 million principal amount of 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (the  0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes ). The 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes are exchangeable into shares of our common stock at an exchange rate of 20.3749 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes, corresponding to an initial exchange price of approximately $49.08 per share of common stock. Holders of the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes will have the right to require Toll Brothers Finance Corp. to repurchase their notes for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, on each of December 15, 2017, September 15, 2022, and September 15, 2027. We will have the right to redeem the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes on or after September 15, 2017, for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest.  
              (b) 
    Amounts represent our expected acquisition of land under purchase agreements, the estimated remaining amount of the contractual obligation for land development agreements secured by letters of credit and surety bonds and   $85.2 million   for the acquisition of Coleman in November 2016. 
              (c) 
    Amounts represent our obligations under our deferred compensation plan, supplemental executive retirement plans and our 401(k) salary deferral savings plans. Of the total amount indicated, $68.4 million was recorded on the   October 31, 2016   Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
      
  SEGMENTS 
  We operate in two segments: Traditional Home Building and City Living, our urban development division. Within Traditional Home Building, we operate in five geographic segments around the United States: (1) the North, consisting of Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York; (2) the Mid-Atlantic, consisting of Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia; (3) the South, consisting of Florida, North Carolina, and Texas; (4) the West, consisting of Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, and Washington, and (5) California. 
  
   36 

The following tables summarize information related to revenues, net contracts signed, and income (loss) before income taxes by segment for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  . Information related to backlog and assets by segment at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , has also been provided.  
  Units Delivered and Revenues: 

Net Contracts Signed: 

37 

Backlog at October 31: 

38 

Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ($ amounts in millions): 

Corporate and other  is comprised principally of general corporate expenses such as the offices of our executive officers; the corporate finance, accounting, audit, tax, human resources, risk management, information technology, marketing, and legal groups; interest income; income from our ancillary businesses, including Gibraltar; and income from a number of our unconsolidated entities. 
  Total Assets ($ amounts in millions): 

Corporate and other  is comprised principally of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, restricted cash and investments, deferred tax assets, investments in our Rental Property Joint Ventures, expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers, our Gibraltar investments, manufacturing facilities, and mortgage and title subsidiaries. 

39 

FISCAL   2016   COMPARED TO FISCAL   2015    
  Traditional Homebuilding 
  North 

The increase in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily attributable to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in selling prices of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  . The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to increases in the number of homes closed in Michigan and New Jersey, partially offset by a decrease in the number of homes closed in Illinois. The increase in the number of homes closed in New Jersey was primarily due to higher backlog conversion in the fiscal 2016 period, as compared to the fiscal 2015 period. In Michigan, the increase was principally due to an increase in the number of homes in backlog as of October 31, 2015, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2014.  
  The   increase   in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to improved market conditions in Michigan, New York, and New Jersey, offset, in part by decreases in Connecticut and Illinois where demand has declined, and in Massachusetts due to a decrease in the number of selling communities. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed was principally attributable to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in base selling prices in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  . 
  The   30%   increase in income before income taxes in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally attributable to higher earnings from increased revenues and lower inventory impairment charges, offset, in part, by higher cost of revenues, excluding inventory impairment charges, as a percentage of revenues, and higher SG A costs. During our review of communities for impairment in fiscal   2016   and   2015  , primarily due to a lack of improvement and/or a decrease in customer demand as a result of weaker than expected market conditions, we determined that the pricing assumptions used in prior impairment reviews for three operating communities (two located in Connecticut and one in suburban New York) in fiscal   2016  , and two operating communities (one located in suburban New York and one located in New Jersey) in fiscal   2015  , needed to be reduced. As a result of these reductions in expected sales prices, we determined that these communities were impaired. Accordingly, the carrying values of these communities were written down to their estimated fair values resulting in charges to income before taxes of $7.3 million and $13.9 million in fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015  , respectively. Total inventory impairment charges for fiscal   2016   and fiscal   2015   were $7.6 million and $15.0 million, respectively. The increase in the cost of revenues, excluding inventory impairment charges, as a percentage of revenues, was primarily due to a change in product mix/areas to lower-margin areas. 
  
   40 

Mid-Atlantic 

The   increase   in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to a greater number of homes being sold and delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  . 
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily attributable to increases in demand in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia and to an increase in the number of selling communities in Pennsylvania and Maryland. 
  The loss before income taxes in fiscal   2016  , as compared to income before income taxes in fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to $125.6 million of warranty charges, primarily related to older homes     built in Pennsylvania and Delaware, in fiscal 2016, as compared to $14.7 million in fiscal 2015. and higher SG A costs, offset, in part, by lower inventory impairment charges and higher earnings from increased revenues. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Inventory impairment charges were $2.1 million, as compared to $19.5 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. The impairment charges in fiscal 2016 primarily related to a land purchase contract in Delaware where we were unable to obtain the required approvals to proceed with our development of the underlying property. Accordingly, we terminated the contract and wrote off costs incurred. In fiscal 2015, due to the weakness in certain housing markets in Maryland and West Virginia, we decided to sell or look for alternate uses for two parcels of land rather than develop them as previously intended. The carrying values of these communities were written down to their estimated fair values resulting in charges to income before taxes of $11.9 million. We sold one parcel of land during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. In addition, during our review of operating communities for impairment in fiscal 2015, primarily due to a lack of improvement and/or a decrease in customer demand as a result of weaker than expected market conditions, we determined that the pricing assumptions used in prior impairment reviews for one operating community located in Virginia needed to be reduced. As a result of this reduction in expected sales prices, we determined that this community was impaired. Accordingly, the carrying value of this community was written down to its estimated fair value resulting in a charge to income before taxes in fiscal 2015 of $3.1 million. 
  
   41 

South 

The decrease in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due a decrease in the number of homes in backlog as of October 31, 2015, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2014. The increase in the average price of the homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily attributable to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products. 
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to increases in demand in the Raleigh, North Carolina and the Dallas, Texas markets, and an increase in selling communities in Florida. The decreases in the average value of each contract signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was mainly due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to less expensive areas and/or products.  
  The decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was principally due to higher cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, lower earnings from decreased revenues, and higher SG A costs in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015. The increase in the cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, was primarily due to a change in product mix/areas to lower-margin areas and higher inventory impairment charges. Inventory impairment charges were $3.3 million and $0.7 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. In fiscal 2016, we decided to sell or look for alternate uses for a partially improved land parcel in North Carolina rather than develop it as previously intended. The carrying value of this community was written down to its estimated fair values resulting in a charge to income before taxes of $2.0 million. 
  West 

The   increase   in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily due to a higher backlog at   October 31, 2015  , as compared to   October 31, 2014  . The increase in the average price of the homes delivered was  
  
   42 

mainly due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive products and/or locations and increases in selling prices of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  .  
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due to increases in the number of selling communities in Colorado and the Las Vegas, Nevada market and increased demand in Colorado and Arizona. 
  The increase in income before income taxes in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was due mainly to higher earnings from the increased revenues and a $2.9 million recovery in fiscal 2016 of previously incurred charges related to a joint venture located in Nevada partially offset by higher cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, and higher SG A costs. The increase in cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to lower-margin products and/or locations. 
  California 

The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due to an increase in the number of homes in backlog as of October 31, 2015, as compared to October 31, 2014. The increase in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products and increased selling prices of homes delivered.  
  The decrease in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was due primarily to (1) a temporary lack of inventory, primarily in northern California, as we are transitioning between a number of communities that are selling out, and thus have limited inventory, and the opening of new communities and (2) reduced demand resulting from our decision to increase prices in a number of communities with large backlogs to maximize the value of our inventory. Fiscal 2016 was negatively impacted by the continued reduction in demand in our Porter Ranch master planned community in Southern California due to a natural gas leak on unaffiliated land approximately one mile away. In mid-February 2016, the State of California announced that the leak had been permanently sealed. Recent testing has verified that air quality is back to normal levels and, therefore, we are optimistic that operations will gradually return to normal at our Porter Ranch master planned community. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in selling prices. 
  The increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was due mainly to higher earnings from increased revenues and lower cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues. This increase was partially offset by higher SG A costs. The decrease in cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to higher-margin products and/or locations and increased selling prices of homes delivered. 
  
   43 

City Living 

The decrease in the number of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due to the delivery of homes at one community located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which commenced delivering homes in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and delivered all homes by October 31, 2015. The increase in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered from the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania market to the metro New York City market, where average selling prices were higher.  
  The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally due to a shift in the number of net contracts signed in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania market to the metro New York City market, where the average value of each contract is higher, and increases in selling prices. 
  The decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, was mainly due to higher cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, lower earnings from decreased revenues, and higher SG A costs, offset, in part, by higher earnings from our Home Building Joint Ventures. The increase in cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenues, was mainly due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to buildings with lower margins in fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015. The increase in earnings from our Home Building Joint Ventures was principally due to the commencement of closing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 at two buildings located in New York City. 
  Other 

The increase in the loss before income taxes in fiscal   2016  , as compared to fiscal   2015  , was principally attributable to higher SG A costs in the fiscal 2016 period, as compared to the fiscal 2015 period, a gain of $1.6 million recognized in the fiscal 2016 period, as compared to $8.1 million in the fiscal 2015 period, from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts by our home security monitoring business in the fiscal 2015 period, and lower earnings from Gibraltar in the fiscal 2016 period, as compared to the fiscal 2015 period. The increase in SG A costs was due primarily to increased compensation costs due to our increased number of employees. These increases to the loss before income taxes were partially offset by a $4.9 million gain recognized related to the sale of our ownership interests in one of our joint ventures located in New Jersey in the fiscal 2016 period.  
  
   44 

FISCAL 2015 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2014 
  Traditional Home Building 
  North 

The increase in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily attributable to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in selling prices of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to improved market conditions in Michigan and New Jersey. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed was principally attributable to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in base selling prices in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  The   4%   increase in income in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily attributable to higher earnings from the increased revenues and lower cost of revenues as a percent of revenues, excluding impairment, offset, in part, by higher inventory impairment charges, higher SG A costs, and lower earnings from land sales in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. We recognized inventory impairment charges of $15.0 million and $9.1 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percent of revenues, excluding impairments, was mainly due to a change in product mix/areas to higher margin areas in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  Mid-Atlantic 

The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to a greater number of homes being sold and delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  
   45 

The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to an increase in demand in Pennsylvania and Virginia, offset, in part, by a decrease in the number of net contracts signed in Maryland. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed was mainly due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in base selling prices in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  The   13%   decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to higher impairment charges, higher SG A costs, and a $2.8 million decrease in earnings from land sales in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. These decreases were partially offset by higher earnings from increased revenues and lower warranty charges, primarily for older homes built in communities located in Pennsylvania and Delaware, in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. Inventory impairment charges, in fiscal 2015 and 2014, were $19.5 million and $9.1 million, respectively. The earnings from land sales in fiscal 2014 mainly represented previously deferred gains on our initial sales of properties to a Rental Property Joint Venture, which sold substanitally of of its assets in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015 and 2014, we recognized $14.7 million and $25.0 million, respectively, in charges for the aforementioned warranty repairs. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  South 

The increase in the average price of the homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products. The decrease in the number of homes delivered was principally due to a lower number of homes being sold and delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  The decrease in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to decreased demand. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed was mainly due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in base selling prices, primarily in Florida and Texas, in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  The   35%   increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to higher earnings from the increased revenues, lower cost of revenues as a percent of revenues, and an $8.5 million increase in earnings from our investments in unconsolidated entities, in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. These increases were partially offset by higher SG A costs in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue was due mainly to a change in product mix/areas to higher margin areas in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  
   46 

West 

The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily due to a higher backlog at October 31, 2014, as compared to October 31, 2013, and to a greater number of homes being sold and delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. The increase in the average price of the homes delivered was mainly due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive products and/or locations and increases in selling prices of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to an increase in selling communities in Arizona, Nevada, and Washington. The increase in the average sales price of net contracts signed was primarily due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in base selling prices in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.   
  The   35%   increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to higher earnings from increased revenues in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, offset, in part, by higher SG A costs in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. 
  California 

The decrease in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to a decrease in the number of communities in California where we were delivering homes.  
  The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to increased demand, an increase in the number of selling communities, and fiscal 2015 having 12 months of sales activity at communities we acquired through the Acquisition, as compared to nine months in fiscal 2014. The increase in the average sales price of net  
  
   47 

contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and increases in selling prices.   
  The   12%   decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to lower earnings from decreased revenues and a $10.3 million decrease in earnings from land sales in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, offset, in part, by a $4.8 million increase in earnings from our investments in unconsolidated entities and the lower impact of the application of purchase accounting from the homes delivered from the Acquisition in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014.  
  City Living 

The increase in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to closings in fiscal 2015 at high-rise buildings located in New York City, where average prices were higher than in other City Living locations. The decrease in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was mainly due to a lower backlog at October 31, 2014, as compared to October 31, 2013. 
  The increase in the average value of net contracts signed in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to a shift in the number of net contracts signed from the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania market to the metro New York City market, where the average value of each contract signed is higher. The decrease in the number of net contracts signed was mainly due to slower demand in the first three months of fiscal 2015 and to a decline in the number of net contracts signed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, due to lower product availability. 
  The   19%   increase in income in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily attributable to higher earnings from increased revenues in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, $3.6 million of earnings from the sale of commercial space at one of our high-rise buildings in New York City in fiscal 2015, and a charge of $2.6 million to our earnings due to a settled litigation at one of our unconsolidated entities in fiscal 2014, partially offset by higher SG A costs in fiscal 2015, as compared to 2014.  
  Other 

The increase in the loss before income taxes in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, was principally due to a decrease in income from unconsolidated entities from $42.0 million in fiscal 2014 to $5.7 million in fiscal 2015, decreased income from our Gibraltar operations, and higher SG A costs in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, offset, in part, by an increase of $12.9 million in income from ancillary businesses in fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease in income from unconsolidated entities was due primarily to our recognition of a $23.5 million gain representing our share of the gain on the sale by a Rental Property Joint venture, which sold substantially all of its assets in December 2013 and a $12.0 million distribution from the Trust in April 2014 due to the refinancing of one of the Trust s apartment properties. The increase in income from ancillary businesses was mainly due to the recognition of an $8.1 million gain from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts by our home security monitoring business in fiscal 2015. 
  
   48 

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We are exposed to market risk primarily due to fluctuations in interest rates. We utilize both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. For fixed-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair market value of the debt instrument, but not our earnings or cash flow. Conversely, for variable-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not affect the fair market value of the debt instrument, but do affect our earnings and cash flow. We do not have the obligation to prepay fixed-rate debt prior to maturity, and, as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair market value should not have a significant impact on our fixed-rate debt until we are required or elect to refinance it. 
  The following table shows our debt obligations, principal cash flows by scheduled maturity, weighted-average interest rates, and estimated fair value as of   October 31, 2016   ($ amounts in thousands): 

(a) 
    Based upon the amount of variable-rate debt outstanding at   October 31, 2016  , and holding the variable-rate debt balance constant, each 1% increase in interest rates would increase the interest incurred by us by approximately   $9.7 million   per year. 
              (b) 
    The fixed-rate debt amount for fiscal 2018 includes $287.5 million principal amount of 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes. The 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes are exchangeable into shares of our common stock at an exchange rate of 20.3749 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes, corresponding to an initial exchange price of approximately $49.08 per share of common stock. Holders of the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes will have the right to require Toll Brothers Finance Corp. to repurchase their notes for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, on each of December 15, 2017, September 15, 2022, and September 15, 2027. We will have the right to redeem the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes on or after September 15, 2017, for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest.  
      
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
  The financial statements, listed in Item 15(a)(1) beginning on page F-1 of this report are incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Any controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected; however, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
  
   49 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of management, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, ( Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report ( Evaluation Date ). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting on pages F-1 and F-2, respectively, are incorporated herein by reference. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our quarter ended   October 31, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION 
  Not applicable. 
   
  PART III 
   
  ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
  The following table includes information with respect to all persons serving as executive officers as of the date of this 
  Form 10-K. All executive officers serve at the pleasure of our Board of Directors. 
                         Name 
      
    Age 
      
    Positions 
      Robert I. Toll 
      
    75 

Executive Chairman of the Board and Director 
      Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
      
    56 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
      Richard T. Hartman 
      
    59 

President and Chief Operating Officer 
      Martin P. Connor 
      
    52 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Robert I. Toll, with his brother Bruce E. Toll, founded our predecessors  operations in 1967. Robert I. Toll served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from our inception until June 2010, when he assumed the position of Executive Chairman of the Board. 
  Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. joined us in 1990 as assistant to the Chief Executive Officer with responsibility for land acquisitions. He has been an officer since 1994, holding the position of Senior Vice President from January 2002 until November 2005, the position of Regional President from November 2005 until November 2009, and the position of Executive Vice President from November 2009 until June 2010, when he was promoted to his current position of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Yearley was elected a Director in June 2010. 
  Richard T. Hartman, joined us in 1980 and served in various positions with us, including Regional President from 2005 through 2011. He was appointed to the positions of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2012. In December 2012, Mr. Hartman was appointed to the position of President effective January 1, 2013.  
  Martin P. Connor joined us as Vice President and Assistant Chief Financial Officer in December 2008 and was elected a Senior Vice President in December 2009. Mr. Connor was appointed to his current position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2010. From June 2008 to December 2008, Mr. Connor was President of Marcon Advisors LLC, a finance and accounting consulting firm that he founded. From October 2006 to June 2008, Mr. Connor was Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations for O Neill Properties, a diversified commercial real estate developer in the Mid-Atlantic area. Prior to October 2006, he spent over 20 years at Ernst   Young LLP as an Audit and Advisory Business Services Partner, responsible for the real estate practice for Ernst   Young LLP in the Philadelphia marketplace. During the period from 1998 to 2005, he served on the Toll Brothers, Inc. engagement. 
  
   50 

The other information required by this item will be included in the  Election of Directors  and  Corporate Governance  sections of our Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the    2017   Proxy Statement ). 
  Code of Ethics 
  We have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers ( Code of Ethics ) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and persons performing similar functions designated by our Board of Directors. The Code of Ethics is available on our Internet website at www.TollBrothers.com under  Investor Relations   Corporate Governance.  If we were to amend or waive any provision of our Code of Ethics, we intend to satisfy our disclosure obligations with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on our Internet website set forth above rather than by filing a Form 8-K. 
  Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
  Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors and officers. We have also entered into individual indemnification agreements with each of our directors. 
   
  ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
  The information required by this item will be included in the  Executive Compensation  section of our   2017   Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
  The information required in this item will be included in the  Voting Securities and Beneficial Ownership  and  Equity Compensation Plan Information  sections of our   2017   Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
  The information required in this item will be included in the  Corporate Governance  and  Certain Transactions  sections of our   2017   Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
  The information required in this item will be included in the  Ratification of the Re-Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  section of the   2017   Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

51 

PART IV 
   
  ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
  (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
                   
    Page 
      1. Financial Statements 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
    F-1 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations    and Comprehensive Income 
    F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
    F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    F-8 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
  None 
  Financial statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes hereto. 
  (b) Exhibits 
  The following exhibits are included with this report or incorporated herein by reference: 
                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 

2.1 
      
    Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2013, among the Registrant and Shapell Investment Properties, Inc. is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2013. 

3.1 
      
    Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 8, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005. 

3.2 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2010. 

3.3 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of March 16, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2011. 

3.4 
      
    Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of March 8, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2016. 

3.5 
      
    Bylaws of the Registrant, as Amended and Restated June 11, 2008, are hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2008. 

3.6 
      
    Amendment to the By-laws of the Registrant, dated as of September 24, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2009. 

3.7 
      
    Amendment to the By-laws of the Registrant, dated as of June 15, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2011. 

52 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 

3.8 
      
    Amendment to the By-laws of the Registrant, dated as of January 20, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2016. 

3.9 
      
    Amendment to the By-laws of the Registrant, dated as of September 20, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2016. 

4.1 
      
    Specimen Stock Certificate is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1991. 

4.2 
      
    Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2009, among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the Registrant and the other guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2009. 

4.3 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of April 20, 2009, relating to the $400,000,000 principal amount of 8.910% Senior Notes due 2017 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2009. 

4.4 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 8.910% Senior Notes due 2017 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2009. 

4.5 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of September 22, 2009, relating to the $250,000,000 principal amount of 6.750% Senior Notes due 2019 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2009. 

4.6 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 6.750% Senior Notes due 2019 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2009. 

4.7 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2011, to the Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2012. 

4.8 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2011, to the Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2012. 

4.9 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012. 

4.10 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2013. 

4.11 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2014. 

4.12 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014. 

53 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      4.13 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.40 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014. 

4.14 
      
    Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015. 

4.15 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2015. 

4.16 
      
    Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015. 

4.17 
      
    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2016. 

4.18 
      
    Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2016. 

4.19 
      
    Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

4.20 
      
    Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to Indenture dated as of April 20, 2009 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

4.21 
      
    Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the Registrant and the other guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2012. 

4.22 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of January 31, 2012, relating to the $300,000,000 principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2012. 

4.23 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2012. 

4.24 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of April 3, 2013, relating to the $300,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2013. 

4.25 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of May 8, 2013, relating to the $100,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2013. 

4.26 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2013. 

54 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      4.27 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of November 21, 2013, relating to the $350,000,000 principal amount of 4.000% Senior Notes due 2018 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2013. 

4.28 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 4.000% Senior Notes due 2018 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2013. 

4.29 
      
    Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of November 21, 2013, relating to the $250,000,000 principal amount of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a Senior Basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2013. 

4.30 
      
    Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2013. 

4.31 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012. 

4.32 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2013. 

4.33 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2014. 

4.34 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014. 

4.35 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014. 

4.36 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015. 

4.37 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2015. 

4.38 
      
    Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015. 

4.39 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2016. 

55 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      4.40 
      
    Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2016. 

4.41 
      
    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

4.42 
      
    Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

4.43 
      
    Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2012, among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the Registrant and the other guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2012. 

4.44 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2013. 

4.45 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2014. 

4.46 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014. 

4.47 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.60 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014. 

4.48 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015. 

4.49 
      
    Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2015. 

4.50 
      
    Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015. 

4.51 
      
    Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2016. 

4.52 
      
    Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2016. 

4.53 
      
    Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

56 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 

4.54 
      
    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee.** 

4.55 
      
    Rights Agreement dated as of June 13, 2007, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as Rights Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18, 2007. 

10.1 
      
    Credit Agreement, dated May 19, 2016, among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2016. 

10.2 
      
    Credit Agreement by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent dated February 3, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2014 

10.3 
      
    Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2014, among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2016. 

10.4 
      
    Amendment No. 2, dated August 2, 2016, to Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2014, as amended, by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the designated guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2016. 

10.5* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2008) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2007. 

10.6* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (1998) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 25, 1998, File No. 333-57645. 

10.7* 
      
    Amendment to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (1998) effective March 22, 2001 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2001. 

10.8* 
      
    Amendment to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (1998) effective December 12, 2007 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2008. 

10.9* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) (amended and restated as of September 17, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-143367) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2008. 

10.10* 
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2007. 

10.11* 
      
    Form of Addendum to Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2007. 

10.12* 
      
    Form of Stock Award Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2007. 

10.13* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2008. 

57 

Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 
      10.14* 
      
    Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2007) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2011. 

10.15* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014) is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on February 3, 2014. 

10.16* 
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 

10.17* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Based) pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 

10.18* 
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant.** 

10.19* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Based).** 

10.20* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Total Shareholder Return Performance Based). ** 

10.21* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) (amended and restated as of September 17, 2008) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-144230) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2008. 

10.22* 
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2007. 

10.23* 
      
    Form of Addendum to Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2007. 

10.24* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 

10.25* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Executive Directors (2016) is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2016. 

10.26* 
      
    Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant (Non-Executive Directors).** 

10.27* 
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Executive Directors).** 

10.28* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Senior Officer Bonus Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2015. 

10.29* 
      
    Toll Brothers, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective as of  March 12, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2014 

10.30* 
      
    Agreement dated March 5, 1998 between the Registrant and Bruce E. Toll regarding Mr. Toll s resignation and related matters is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 1998. 

10.31* 
      
    Advisory and Non-Competition Agreement between the Registrant and Bruce E. Toll, dated as of November 1, 2010, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2010. 

58 

* 
    This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. 

** 
    Filed electronically herewith. 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves; they should not be relied on for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
  
   59 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the Township of Horsham, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, on   December 23, 2016  . 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS, INC.  
        
    By:   
    /s/ Douglas C. Yearley, Jr.   

Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
  Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 

/s/ Robert I. Toll 
      
    Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Robert I. Toll 

/s/ Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
      
    Chief Executive Officer and Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Richard T. Hartman    
      
    Chief Operating Officer and  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Richard T. Hartman 
      
    President 

/s/ Martin P. Connor 
      
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Martin P. Connor 
      
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Joseph R. Sicree    
      
    Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Joseph R. Sicree 
      
    Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Edward G. Boehne  
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Edward G. Boehne 

/s/ Richard J. Braemer  
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Richard J. Braemer 

/s/ Christine N. Garvey 
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Christine N. Garvey 

/s/ Carl B. Marbach  
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Carl B. Marbach 

/s/ John A. McLean 
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      John A. McLean 

/s/ Stephen A. Novick    
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
      Stephen A. Novick 

/s/ Paul E. Shapiro 
      
    Director  
      
    December 23, 2016 
        
  Paul E. Shapiro 

60 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation under the framework in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework,   our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst   Young LLP, has issued its report, which is included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
  We have audited Toll Brothers, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Toll Brothers, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  In our opinion, Toll Brothers, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on the COSO criteria  . 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Toll Brothers, Inc. as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016   and our report dated   December 23, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
    
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  December 23, 2016    
  
   F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Toll Brothers, Inc. as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  . These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Toll Brothers, Inc. at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   October 31, 2016  , in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Toll Brothers Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of   October 31, 2016  , based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated   December 23, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
    
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  December 23, 2016    

F-3 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes. 

F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   F-6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  1. Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ), a Delaware corporation, and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Investments in 50% or less owned partnerships and affiliates are accounted for using the equity method unless it is determined that we have effective control of the entity, in which case we would consolidate the entity. 
  References herein to fiscal year refer to our fiscal years ended or ending October 31. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Liquid investments or investments with original maturities of three months or less are classified as cash equivalents.  
  Marketable Securities 
  Marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale and, accordingly, are stated at fair value, which is based on quoted market prices. Changes in unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and are reported as other comprehensive income, net of income tax effects, if any. The cost of marketable securities sold is based on the specific identification method. 
  Restricted Cash and Investments 
  Restricted cash and investments primarily represents cash deposits collateralizing certain deductibles under insurance policies, outstanding letters of credit under our bank revolving credit facility, and cash deposited into a voluntary employee benefit association to fund certain employee benefits.  
  Inventory 
  Inventory is stated at cost unless an impairment exists, in which case it is written down to fair value in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment  ( ASC 360 ). In addition to direct land acquisition costs, land development costs, and home construction costs, costs also include interest, real estate taxes, and direct overhead related to development and construction, which are capitalized to inventory during the period beginning with the commencement of development and ending with the completion of construction. For those communities that have been temporarily closed, no additional capitalized interest is allocated to a community s inventory until it reopens. While the community remains closed, carrying costs such as real estate taxes are expensed as incurred. 
  We capitalize certain interest costs to qualified inventory during the development and construction period of our communities in accordance with ASC 835-20,  Capitalization of Interest  ( ASC 835-20 ). Capitalized interest is charged to cost of revenues when the related inventory is delivered. Interest incurred on home building indebtedness in excess of qualified inventory, as defined in ASC 835-20, is charged to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the period incurred. 
  Once a parcel of land has been approved for development and we open one of our typical communities, it may take   four   or more years to fully develop, sell, and deliver all the homes in such community. Longer or shorter time periods are possible depending on the number of home sites in a community and the sales and delivery pace of the homes in a community. Our master planned communities, consisting of several smaller communities, may take up to   10   years or more to complete. Because our inventory is considered a long-lived asset under GAAP, we are required, under ASC 360, to regularly review the carrying value of each community and write down the value of those communities for which we believe the values are not recoverable. 
  
   F-8 

Operating Communities  : When the profitability of an operating community deteriorates, the sales pace declines significantly, or some other factor indicates a possible impairment in the recoverability of the asset, the asset is reviewed for impairment by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flow for the community to its carrying value. If the estimated future undiscounted cash flow is less than the community s carrying value, the carrying value is written down to its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. The impairment is charged to cost of revenues in the period in which the impairment is determined. In estimating the future undiscounted cash flow of a community, we use various estimates such as (i) the expected sales pace in a community, based upon general economic conditions that will have a short-term or long-term impact on the market in which the community is located and on competition within the market, including the number of home sites available and pricing and incentives being offered in other communities owned by us or by other builders; (ii) the expected sales prices and sales incentives to be offered in a community; (iii) costs expended to date and expected to be incurred in the future, including, but not limited to, land and land development, home construction, interest, and overhead costs; (iv) alternative product offerings that may be offered in a community that will have an impact on sales pace, sales price, building cost, or the number of homes that can be built on a particular site; and (v) alternative uses for the property such as the possibility of a sale of the entire community to another builder or the sale of individual home sites. 
  Future Communities  : We evaluate all land held for future communities or future sections of operating communities, whether owned or under contract, to determine whether or not we expect to proceed with the development of the land as originally contemplated. This evaluation encompasses the same types of estimates used for operating communities described above, as well as an evaluation of the regulatory environment applicable to the land and the estimated probability of obtaining the necessary approvals, the estimated time and cost it will take to obtain the approvals, and the possible concessions that will be required to be given in order to obtain them. Concessions may include cash payments to fund improvements to public places such as parks and streets, dedication of a portion of the property for use by the public or as open space, or a reduction in the density or size of the homes to be built. Based upon this review, we decide (i) as to land under contract to be purchased, whether the contract will likely be terminated or renegotiated, and (ii) as to land owned, whether the land will likely be developed as contemplated or in an alternative manner, or should be sold. We then further determine whether costs that have been capitalized to the community are recoverable or should be written off. The write-off is charged to cost of revenues in the period in which the need for the write-off is determined. 
  The estimates used in the determination of the estimated cash flows and fair value of both current and future communities are based on factors known to us at the time such estimates are made and our expectations of future operations and economic conditions. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated fair value deteriorate in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges and write-offs related to current and future communities and such amounts could be material. 
  Variable Interest Entities 
  We are required to consolidate variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in which we have a controlling financial interest in accordance with ASC 810,  Consolidation  ( ASC 810 ). A controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (i) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
  Our variable interest in VIEs may be in the form of equity ownership, contracts to purchase assets, management services, and development agreements between us and a VIE, loans provided by us to a VIE or other member, and/or guarantees provided by members to banks and other parties.  
  We have a significant number of land purchase contracts and several investments in unconsolidated entities which we evaluate in accordance with ASC 810. We analyze our land purchase contracts and the unconsolidated entities in which we have an investment to determine whether the land sellers and unconsolidated entities are VIEs and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. We examine specific criteria and use our judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Factors considered in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of other member(s), voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a VIE s executive committee, existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of economic disproportionality between us and the other member(s), and contracts to purchase assets from VIEs. The determination whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary may require significant judgment. 
  
   F-9 

Property, Construction, and Office Equipment 
  Property, construction, and office equipment are recorded at cost and are stated net of accumulated depreciation of   $114.5 million   and   $138.7 million   at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. In fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we recognized   $15.5 million  ,   $15.7 million  , and   $13.4 million   of depreciation expense, respectively. 
  Receivables, Prepaid Expenses, and Other Assets 
  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): 

See Note 6,  Accrued Expenses,  for additional information regarding the expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers. At   October 31, 2016  , escrow cash held by our captive title company includes   $106.1 million   in connection with the formation of a joint venture in December 2016. See Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities   Home Building Joint Ventures,  for additional information. 
  Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
  Residential mortgage loans held for sale are measured at fair value in accordance with the provisions of ASC 825,  Financial Instruments  ( ASC 825 ). We believe the use of ASC 825 improves consistency of mortgage loan valuations between the date the borrower locks in the interest rate on the pending mortgage loan and the date of the mortgage loan sale. At the end of the reporting period, we determine the fair value of our mortgage loans held for sale and the forward loan commitments we have entered into as a hedge against the interest rate risk of our mortgage loans using the market approach to determine fair value. The evaluation is based on the current market pricing of mortgage loans with similar terms and values as of the reporting date, and such pricing is applied to the mortgage loan portfolio. We recognize the difference between the fair value and the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans held for sale as a gain or loss. In addition, we recognize the fair value of our forward loan commitments as a gain or loss. Interest income on mortgage loans held for sale is calculated based upon the stated interest rate of each loan. In addition, the recognition of net origination costs and fees associated with residential mortgage loans originated are expensed as incurred. These gains and losses, interest income, and origination costs and fees are recognized in  Other income - net  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
  In accordance with ASC 323,  Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures,  we review each of our investments on a quarterly basis for indicators of impairment. A series of operating losses of an investee, the inability to recover our invested capital, or other factors may indicate that a loss in value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity has occurred. If a loss exists, we further review the investment to determine if the loss is other than temporary, in which case we write down the investment to its fair value. The evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities entails a detailed cash flow analysis using many estimates, including, but not limited to, expected sales pace, expected sales prices, expected incentives, costs incurred and anticipated, sufficiency of financing and capital, competition, market conditions, and anticipated cash receipts, in order to determine projected future distributions. In addition, for rental properties, we review rental trends, expected future expenses, and expected cash flows to determine estimated fair values of the properties. 
  Our unconsolidated entities that develop land or develop for-sale homes and condominiums evaluate their inventory in a similar manner as we do. See  Inventory  above for more detailed disclosure on our evaluation of inventory. If a valuation adjustment is recorded by an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, our proportionate share is reflected in income from unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to our investment in unconsolidated entities. 
  
   F-10 

We are a party to several joint ventures with unrelated parties to develop and sell land that is owned by the joint ventures. We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings from the sale of home sites to other builders, including our joint venture partners. We do not recognize earnings from the home sites we purchase from these ventures at the time of purchase; instead, our cost basis in those home sites is reduced by our share of the earnings realized by the joint venture from sales of those home sites to us. 
  We are also a party to several other joint ventures. We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings and losses of our unconsolidated entities. 
  Investments in Foreclosed Real Estate 
  Foreclosed real estate owned ( REO ) assets, either directly owned or owned through a participation arrangement, acquired through subsequent foreclosure or deed in lieu actions on non-performing loans, are initially recorded at fair value based upon third-party appraisals, broker opinions of value, or internal valuation methodologies (which may include discounted cash flows, capitalization rate analysis, or comparable transactional analysis). Unobservable inputs used in estimating the fair value of REO assets are based upon the best information available under the circumstances and take into consideration the financial condition and operating results of the asset, local market conditions, the availability of capital, interest and inflation rates, and other factors deemed appropriate by management. REO assets acquired are reviewed to determine if they should be classified as  held and used  or  held for sale.  REO classified as  held and used  is stated at carrying cost unless an impairment exists, in which case it is written down to fair value in accordance with ASC 360. REO classified as  held for sale  is carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. An impairment charge is recognized for any decreases in estimated fair value subsequent to the acquisition date. For both classifications, carrying costs incurred after the acquisition, including property taxes and insurance, are expensed.  
  As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our investment in REO was   $11.6 million   and   $50.2 million  , respectively, which is included in  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets  in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. In prior periods, we presented our investments in REO in a separate line item in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our Consolidated Balance Sheet at October 31, 2015 has been reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2016 presentation. 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , approximately   $1.5 million   and   $10.1 million   of REO were classified as held-for-sale and held-and-used, respectively. As of   October 31, 2015  , approximately   $1.7 million   and   $48.5 million   of REO were classified as held-for-sale and held-and-used, respectively. For the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we recorded impairments on REO of   $1.2 million  ,   $0.8 million  , and   $1.4 million  , respectively. 
  Fair Value Disclosures 
  We use ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), to measure the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. ASC 820 provides a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP, establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. 
  The fair value hierarchy is summarized below: 
                   Level 1: 
      
    Fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: 
      
    Fair value determined using significant observable inputs, generally either quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities or quoted prices in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: 
      
    Fair value determined using significant unobservable inputs, such as pricing models, discounted cash flows, or similar techniques. 

Treasury Stock 
  Treasury stock is recorded at cost. Issuance of treasury stock is accounted for on a first-in, first-out basis. Differences between the cost of treasury stock and the re-issuance proceeds are charged to additional paid-in capital. 
  Revenue and Cost Recognition 
  Revenues and cost of revenues from home sales are recorded at the time each home is delivered and title and possession are transferred to the buyer.  
  For our standard attached and detached homes, land, land development, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are amortized to the cost of homes closed based upon the total number of homes to be constructed in  
  
   F-11 

each community. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs subsequent to the commencement of delivery of homes are allocated to the remaining undelivered homes in the community. Home construction and related costs are charged to the cost of homes closed under the specific identification method. The estimated land, common area development, and related costs of master planned communities, including the cost of golf courses, net of their estimated residual value, are allocated to individual communities within a master planned community on a relative sales value basis. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs are allocated to the remaining home sites in each of the communities of the master planned community. 
  For high-rise/mid-rise projects, land, land development, construction, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are generally amortized to the cost of units closed based upon an estimated relative sales value of the units closed to the total estimated sales value. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated total costs or revenues of the project are allocated to the remaining units to be delivered. 
  Forfeited Customer Deposits:   Forfeited customer deposits are recognized in  Other income   net  in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the period in which we determine that the customer will not complete the purchase of the home and we have the right to retain the deposit. 
  Sales Incentives:   In order to promote sales of our homes, we grant our home buyers sales incentives from time to time. These incentives will vary by type of incentive and by amount on a community-by-community and home-by-home basis. Incentives that impact the value of the home or the sales price paid, such as special or additional options, are generally reflected as a reduction in sales revenues. Incentives that we pay to an outside party, such as paying some or all of a home buyer s closing costs, are recorded as an additional cost of revenues. Incentives are recognized at the time the home is delivered to the home buyer and we receive the sales proceeds. 
  Advertising Costs 
  We expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were   $23.1 million  ,   $18.2 million  , and   $15.6 million   for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively. 
  Warranty and Self-Insurance 
  Warranty:   We provide all of our home buyers with a limited warranty as to workmanship and mechanical equipment. We also provide many of our home buyers with a limited   10  -year warranty as to structural integrity. We accrue for expected warranty costs at the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer. Warranty costs are accrued based upon historical experience. Adjustments to our warranty liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs. Over the past several years, we have had a significant number of warranty claims related primarily to older homes built in Pennsylvania and Delaware. See Note 6    Accrued Expenses  in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding these warranty charges. 
  Self-Insurance:   We maintain, and require the majority of our subcontractors to maintain, general liability insurance (including construction defect and bodily injury coverage) and workers  compensation insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims related to our home building activities, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits ( self-insured liability ). We also provide general liability insurance for our subcontractors in Arizona, California, Nevada, Washington, and certain areas of Texas, where eligible subcontractors are enrolled as insureds under our general liability insurance policies in each community in which they perform work. For those enrolled subcontractors, we absorb their general liability associated with the work performed on our homes within the applicable community as part of our overall general liability insurance and our self-insurance through our captive insurance subsidiary.  
  We record expenses and liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover our self-insured liability and the estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are above our coverage limits or that are not covered by our insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of our historical claims and industry data, and include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported ( IBNR ).  
  We engage a third-party actuary that uses our historical claim and expense data, input from our internal legal and risk management groups, as well as industry data, to estimate our liabilities related to unpaid claims, IBNR associated with the risks that we are assuming for our self-insured liability, and other required costs to administer current and expected claims. These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to a variety of factors, the most significant being the long period of time between the delivery of a home to a home buyer and when a structural warranty or construction defect claim may be made, and the ultimate resolution of the claim. Though state regulations vary, construction defect claims may be reported and resolved over a prolonged period of time, which can extend for   10   years or longer. As a result, the majority of the estimated liability relates to  
  
   F-12 

IBNR. Adjustments to our liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs.  
  The projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of product we build, insurance industry practices, and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severities, and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and the estimates to settle claims can impact the trends and assumptions used in the actuarial analysis, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Due to the degree of judgment required, and the potential for variability in these underlying assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from those estimated, and the difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  We account for our stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). We use a lattice model for the valuation for our stock option grants. The option pricing models used are designed to estimate the value of options that, unlike employee stock options and restricted stock units, can be traded at any time and are transferable. In addition to restrictions on trading, employee stock options and restricted stock units may include other restrictions such as vesting periods. Further, such models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected volatility of the stock price. Stock-based compensation expense is generally included in  Selling, general and administrative  expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
  Legal Expenses 
  Transactional legal expenses for land acquisition and entitlement, and financing are capitalized and expensed over their appropriate life. We expense legal fees related to litigation, warranty and insurance claims when incurred.  
  Income Taxes 
  We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on temporary differences between the amounts reported for financial reporting purposes and the amounts reported for income tax purposes. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, we assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance must be established when, based upon available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. See  Income Taxes   Valuation Allowance  below. 
  Federal and state income taxes are calculated on reported pre-tax earnings based on current tax law and also include, in the applicable period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized for financial reporting purposes in different periods than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions. We establish reserves for income taxes when, despite the belief that our tax positions are fully supportable, we believe that our positions may be challenged and disallowed by various tax authorities. The consolidated tax provisions and related accruals include the impact of such reasonably estimable disallowances as deemed appropriate. To the extent that the probable tax outcome of these matters changes, such changes in estimates will impact the income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made. 
  ASC 740 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. ASC 740 requires a company to recognize the financial statement effect of a tax position when it is  more-likely-than-not  (defined as a substantiated likelihood of more than   50%  ), based on the technical merits of the position, that the position will be sustained upon examination. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements based upon the largest amount of benefit that is greater than   50%   likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Our inability to determine that a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold does not mean that the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) or any other taxing authority will disagree with the position that we have taken. 
  If a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, despite our belief that our filing position is supportable, the benefit of that tax position is not recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and we are required to accrue potential interest and penalties until the uncertainty is resolved. Potential interest and penalties are recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes. Differences between amounts taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements are considered unrecognized tax benefits. We believe that we have a  
  
   F-13 

reasonable basis for each of our filing positions and intend to defend those positions if challenged by the IRS or other taxing jurisdiction. If the IRS or other taxing authorities do not disagree with our position, and after the statute of limitations expires, we will recognize the unrecognized tax benefit in the period that the uncertainty of the tax position is eliminated. 
  Income Taxes   Valuation Allowance 
  Significant judgment is applied in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets. In accordance with GAAP, a valuation allowance is established against a deferred tax asset if, based on the available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that such asset will not be realized. The realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carryback or carryforward periods under tax law. We assess the need for valuation allowances for deferred tax assets based on GAAP s more-likely-than-not realization threshold criteria. In our assessment, appropriate consideration is given to all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. Forming a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed is difficult when there is significant negative evidence such as cumulative losses in recent years. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, consistency, and magnitude of current and cumulative income and losses; forecasts of future profitability; the duration of statutory carryback or carryforward periods; our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards being used before expiration; and tax planning alternatives. 
  Our assessment of the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets includes assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect our actual tax results, and our future business results may affect the amount of our deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of our deferred tax assets over time. Our accounting for deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. 
  Due to uncertainties in the estimation process, particularly with respect to changes in facts and circumstances in future reporting periods (carryforward period assumptions), actual results could differ from the estimates used in our analysis. Our assumptions require significant judgment because the residential home building industry is cyclical and is highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. If our results of operations are less than projected and there is insufficient objectively verifiable positive evidence to support the more-likely-than-not realization of our deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance would be required to reduce or eliminate our deferred tax assets. 
  Segment Reporting 
  We operate in   two   segments: traditional home building and urban infill. We build and sell homes for detached and attached homes in luxury residential communities located in affluent suburban markets and cater to move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, age-qualified, and second-home buyers in the United States ( Traditional Home Building ). We also build and sell homes in urban infill markets through Toll Brothers City Living        ( City Living ).  
  We have determined that our Traditional Home Building operations operate in   five   geographic segments: North, Mid-Atlantic, South, West, and California. 
  The states comprising each geographic segment are as follows: 
    North:          Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York 
    Mid-Atlantic:      Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia 
    South:          Florida, North Carolina, and Texas 
    West:          Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, and Washington 
    California:      California 
  Related Party Transactions 
  See Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities - Rental Property Joint Ventures  for information regarding Toll Brothers Realty Trust.  
  Reclassification 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal   2016   presentation. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In January 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-04,  Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors  ( ASU 2014-04 ), which clarifies when an in substance repossession or foreclosure of residential  
  
   F-14 

real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan has occurred. By doing so, this guidance helps determine when the creditor should derecognize the loan receivable and recognize the real estate property. We adopted ASU 2014-04 on November 1, 2015, and the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
    
  In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash  ( ASU 2016-18 ), which provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-18 to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified and will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate credit losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted as of November 1, 2019. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-13 to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes and forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-09 may have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by leased assets and provide additional disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2019, and, at that time, we will adopt the new standard using a modified retrospective approach. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customers  Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  ( ASU 2015-05 ). ASU 2015-05 provides guidance for a customer to determine whether a cloud computing arrangement contains a software license or should be accounted for as a service contract. ASU 2015-05 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2016, and, at that time, we will adopt the new standard on a prospective basis. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-05 to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which eliminates the deferral granted to investment companies from applying the variable interest entities ( VIEs ) guidance and makes targeted amendments to the current consolidation guidance. The new guidance applies to all entities involved with limited partnerships or similar entities and will require re-evaluation of these entities under the revised guidance which may change previous consolidation conclusions. ASU 2015-02 is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2016. Upon adoption of ASU 2015-02, we expect that one unconsolidated joint venture, not previously identified as a VIE, will be determined to be a VIE, which will result in a modification of our current disclosures. However, the adoption of ASU 2015-02 is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition,  and most industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35,  Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.  The standard s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. These judgments and estimates include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. In  
  
   F-15 

August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2015-14 ), which delays the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. ASU 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14, is effective for our fiscal year beginning November 1, 2018, and, at that time, we expect to adopt the new standard under the modified retrospective approach. We do not believe the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have a material impact on the amount or timing of our home building revenues. We are continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 may have on other aspects of our business and on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
   
  2. Acquisitions 
  Shapell Industries, Inc. 
  On   February 4, 2014  , we completed our acquisition of   Shapell Industries, Inc.   ( Shapell ) pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement dated   November 6, 2013  , with Shapell Investment Properties, Inc. ( SIPI ). We acquired all of the equity interests in Shapell from SIPI for   $1.49 billion  , net of cash acquired (the  Acquisition ). We acquired the single-family residential real property development business of Shapell, including a portfolio of approximately   4,950   home sites in California, some of which we have sold to other builders. The Acquisition provided us with a premier California land portfolio, including   11   active selling communities as of the acquisition date, in affluent, high-growth markets: the San Francisco Bay area, metro Los Angeles, Orange County, and the Carlsbad market. As part of the Acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   126   homes with an aggregate value of approximately   $105.3 million  .  
  Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
  In October 2016, we entered into an agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets and operations of   Coleman Real Estate Holdings, LLC   ( Coleman ). In November 2016, we completed the acquisition of Coleman for approximately   $85.2 million   in cash. The assets acquired were primarily inventory, including approximately   1,750   home sites owned or controlled through land purchase agreements. As part of the acquisition, we assumed contracts to deliver   128   homes with an aggregate value of   $38.8 million  . The average price of the undelivered homes at the date of acquisition was approximately   $303,000  . As a result of this acquisition, our selling community count increased by   15   communities at the acquisition date. 
   
  3. Inventory 
  Inventory at   October 31, 2016   and   2015   consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): 

Operating communities include communities offering homes for sale, communities that have sold all available home sites but have not completed delivery of the homes, communities that were previously offering homes for sale but are temporarily closed due to business conditions or non-availability of improved home sites and that are expected to reopen within 12 months of the end of the fiscal year being reported on, and communities preparing to open for sale. The carrying value attributable to operating communities includes the cost of homes under construction, land and land development costs, the carrying cost of home sites in current and future phases of these communities, and the carrying cost of model homes. 
  Communities that were previously offering homes for sale but are temporarily closed due to business conditions and that do not have any remaining backlog and are not expected to reopen within 12 months of the end of the fiscal period being reported on have been classified as land owned for future communities. Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers ( backlog ). 
  
   F-16 

Information regarding the classification, number, and carrying value of these temporarily closed communities at   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , is provided in the table below ($ amounts in thousands): 

We provided for inventory impairment charges and the expensing of costs that we believed not to be recoverable in each of the three fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , as shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

See Note 11,  Fair Value Disclosures,  for information regarding the number of operating communities that we tested for potential impairment, the number of operating communities in which we recognized impairment charges, the amount of impairment charges recognized, and the fair value of those communities, net of impairment charges.  
  See Note 14,  Commitments and Contingencies,  for information regarding land purchase commitments. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we evaluated our land purchase contracts to determine if any of the selling entities were VIEs, and, if they were, whether we were the primary beneficiary of any of them. Under these land purchase contracts, we do not possess legal title to the land; our risk is generally limited to deposits paid to the sellers; and the creditors of the sellers generally have no recourse against us. At   October 31, 2016  , we determined that   78   land purchase contracts, with an aggregate purchase price of   $987.3 million  , on which we had made aggregate deposits totaling   $44.1 million  , were VIEs and that we were not the primary beneficiary of any VIE related to our land purchase contracts. At   October 31, 2015  , we determined that   61   land purchase contracts, with an aggregate purchase price of   $663.6 million  , on which we had made aggregate deposits totaling   $45.0 million  , were VIEs, and that we were not the primary beneficiary of any VIE related to our land purchase contracts.  
  Interest incurred, capitalized, and expensed in each of the three fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , was as follows (amounts in thousands): 

During fiscal 2016, we reclassified   $17.1 million   of inventory related to two golf course facilities and a parking garage to property, construction, and office equipment and such amount was net of   $2.1 million   transferred to accrued liabilities related to golf deferred membership fees. The amounts were reclassified due to the completion of construction of the facilities and the substantial completion of the master planned communities of which the golf facilities are a part. 
  During fiscal 2015, we transferred   $132.3 million   from investment in unconsolidated entities to inventory. The transfer related to the transfer of title of condominium units built by a Home Building Joint Venture to us. 
  
   F-17 

4. Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
  We have investments in various unconsolidated joint venture entities. These joint ventures (i) develop land for the joint venture participants and for sale to outside builders ( Land Development Joint Ventures  (ii) develop for-sale homes ( Home Building Joint Ventures  (iii) develop luxury for-rent residential apartments, commercial space, and a hotel ( Rental Property Joint Ventures ), which includes our investment in Toll Brothers Realty Trust (the  Trust  and (iv) invest in distressed loans and real estate and provide financing for residential builders and developers for the acquisition and development of land and home sites ( Gibraltar Joint Ventures ). In fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we recognized income from the unconsolidated entities in which we had an investment of   $40.7 million  ,   $21.1 million  , and   $41.1 million  , respectively. 
  The table below provides information as of   October 31, 2016  , regarding active joint ventures that we are invested in, by joint venture category ($ amounts in thousands):   

  Certain joint ventures in which we have investments obtained debt financing to finance a portion of their activities. The table below provides information at   October 31, 2016  , regarding the debt financing obtained by category ($ amounts in thousands): 

More specific and/or recent information regarding our investments in, advances to, and future commitments to these entities is provided below.  
  Land Development Joint Ventures 
  During the year ended   October 31, 2016  , our Land Development Joint Ventures sold approximately   776   lots and recognized revenues of   $142.0 million  . We acquired   207   of these lots for   $64.2 million  . Our share of the joint venture income from the lots we acquired of   $9.3 million   was deferred. During the year ended   October 31, 2015  , our Land Development Joint Ventures sold approximately   1,015   lots and recognized revenues of   $128.9 million  . We acquired   376   of these lots for   $56.2 million  . Our share of the income from the lots we acquired of   $9.8 million   was deferred.  
  Subsequent event 
  We have an investment in a joint venture in which we have a   50%   interest to develop a parcel of land located in Irvine, California. The joint venture expects to develop approximately   840   home sites on this land and sell approximately   50%   of the value of the home sites to each of the members of the joint venture. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $85.3 million   in this joint venture and were committed to make additional contributions to this joint venture of up to   $213.0 million  . To finance a portion of the land purchase, the joint venture entered into a   $320.0 million   purchase money mortgage with the seller at the formation of the joint venture. Subsequent to   October 31, 2016  , the joint venture entered into a   $200.0 million   building loan agreement and each member made a capital contribution of   $80.0 million  . A portion of the proceeds from the building loan in addition to the capital contributions made subsequent to   October 31, 2016  , were used to repay the purchase money mortgage. We and an affiliate of our partner provided certain guarantees under the building loan agreement. Each partner has an obligation to fund   50%   of the payments made as a result of performing under these guarantees. We estimate that the maximum exposure under these guarantees would be   $200.0 million   without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partner.   
  
   F-18 

Home Building Joint Ventures 
  Our Home Building Joint Ventures are delivering homes in New York City and Jupiter, Florida. During the year ended   October 31, 2016  , our Home Building Joint Ventures delivered   115   homes with a value of   $164.9 million  . During the year ended   October 31, 2015  , our Home Building Joint Ventures delivered   96   homes with a value of   $78.1 million  . 
  In the first quarter of fiscal   2015  , we entered into a joint venture with an unrelated party to complete the development of a high-rise luxury condominium project in New York City on property that we owned. We contributed   $15.9 million   as our initial contribution for a   25%   interest in this joint venture. We sold the property to the joint venture for   $78.5 million  , and we were reimbursed for development and construction costs incurred by us prior to the sale. The gain of   $9.3 million   that we realized on the sale in fiscal   2015   was deferred and will be recognized in our results of operations as units are sold and delivered to the ultimate home buyer. In fiscal   2016  , the joint venture commenced settlement of units and, accordingly, we recognized   $1.5 million   of previously deferred gains. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $19.8 million   in this joint venture. In fiscal 2015, the joint venture entered into a construction loan agreement of   $124.0 million   to fund the land purchase and a portion of the cost of the development of the property. At   October 31, 2016  , the joint venture had   $83.0 million   borrowed under the construction loan. 
  Subsequent event 
  In December   2016  , we entered into a joint venture with an unrelated party to complete the development of a high-rise luxury condominium project in New York City. Before the formation of this joint venture, we acquired the property and incurred approximately   $176.0 million   of land and land development costs. The joint venture, in which we have a   20%   interest, purchased the property from us at our cost, of which   $59.8 million   was financed by a   $236.5 million   construction loan obtained by the joint venture. From the sale, we received proceeds of   $148.0 million  , of which   $106.1 million   was held in escrow by our captive title company at   October 31, 2016   and included in  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets  on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at   October 31, 2016  . We have an initial investment in the joint venture of   $27.8 million  . We and an affiliate of our partner provided certain guarantees under the construction loan agreement. We estimate that the maximum exposure under these guarantees, if the full amount of the loan commitment was borrowed, would be   $236.5 million   without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partner. 
  Rental Property Joint Ventures  
  As of   October 31, 2016  , our Rental Property Joint Ventures owned   11   for-rent apartment projects, which are located in the metro Boston to metro Washington, D.C. corridor. At   October 31, 2016  , our joint ventures had approximately   2,950   units that were occupied or ready for occupancy,   600   units in the lease-up stage,   900   units under active development, and   400   units in the planning stage. In addition, we either own, have under contract, or under a letter of intent approximately   4,750   units, which are in the planning stage. We intend to develop these units with joint venture partners in the future.  
  In the second quarter of fiscal   2016  , we entered into a joint venture with an unrelated party to develop a   525  -unit luxury for-rent residential apartment building near Union Station in Washington, D.C. Prior to the formation of this joint venture, we acquired the land, through a 100%-owned entity, and incurred   $35.1 million   of land and land development costs. Our partner acquired a   50%   interest in this entity for   $20.2 million   and we subsequently received cash of   $18.7 million   to align the capital accounts of each of the partners of the joint venture. As a result of the sale of   50%   of our interests to our partner, we recognized a gain of   $3.0 million  , which is recorded in  Other income-net  on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income in fiscal   2016  . Due to our continued involvement in the joint venture through our ownership interest, we deferred   $3.0 million   of the gain realized on the sale. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $24.5 million   in this joint venture and expect to make additional investments of approximately   $4.8 million   for the development of this project. Subsequent to   October 31, 2016  , the joint venture entered into a   $130.6 million   construction loan agreement. Each partner has an obligation to fund   50%   of the payments made as a result of performing under these guarantees. We estimate that the maximum exposure under these guarantees, if the the full amount of the loan commitment was borrowed, would be   $130.6 million   without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partner. 
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016  , we entered into a joint venture with an unrelated party to develop a   390  -unit luxury for-rent residential apartment building in a Boston, Massachusetts suburb, on land that we were under contract to purchase. We have a   25%   interest in this joint venture. In the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016  , the joint venture entered into a   $91.0 million   construction loan agreement with a bank to finance the development of this project. At   October 31, 2016  , there were   no   outstanding borrowings under the construction loan agreement. At   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $7.9 million   in this joint venture and expect to make additional investments of approximately   $3.0 million   for the development of this project.  
  In 1998, we formed the Trust to invest in commercial real estate opportunities. The Trust is effectively owned one-third by us; one-third by current and former members of our senior management; and one-third by an unrelated party. As of   October 31, 2016  , our investment in the Trust was   zero   as cumulative distributions received from the Trust have been in excess of the  
  
   F-19 

carrying amount of our net investment. We provide development, finance, and management services to the Trust and recognized fees under the terms of various agreements in the amounts of   $1.6 million  ,   $2.2 million  , and   $2.3 million   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. In fiscal   2015  , we received distributions of   $6.1 million   from the Trust, of which   $3.5 million   was recognized as income and is included in  Income from unconsolidated entities  in our fiscal   2015   Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. In fiscal   2014  , the Trust refinanced the mortgage on one of its properties and distributed   $36.0 million   of the net proceeds from the refinancing to its partners. We received   $12.0 million   as our share of the proceeds and recognized this distribution as income which is included in  Income from unconsolidated entities  in our fiscal   2014   Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income.  
  Gibraltar Joint Ventures 
  In the second quarter of fiscal   2016  , we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management, LLC ( Gibraltar ), entered into   two   ventures with an institutional investor to provide builders and developers with land banking and venture capital. We have a   25%   interest in these ventures. These ventures will finance builders  and developers  acquisition and development of land and home sites and pursue other complementary investment strategies. We may invest up to   $100.0 million   in these ventures. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had an investment of   $8.8 million   in these ventures. 
  In addition, in the second quarter of fiscal   2016  , we entered into a separate venture with the same institutional investor to purchase, from Gibraltar, certain foreclosed real estate owned and distressed loans for   $24.1 million  . We have a   24%   interest in this venture. In fiscal   2016  , we recognized a gain of   $1.3 million   from the sale of these assets to the venture. At   October 31, 2016  , we had a   $5.7 million   investment in this venture and are committed to invest an additional   $10.0 million  , if necessary. 
  Guarantees 
  The unconsolidated entities in which we have investments generally finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, we and our partners have guaranteed debt of certain unconsolidated entities. These guarantees may include any or all of the following: (i) project completion guarantees, including any cost overruns; (ii) repayment guarantees, generally covering a percentage of the outstanding loan; (iii) carry cost guarantees, which cover costs such as interest. real estate taxes, and insurance; (iv) an environmental indemnity provided to the lender that holds the lender harmless from and against losses arising from the discharge of hazardous materials from the property and non- compliance with applicable environmental laws; and (v) indemnification of the lender from  bad boy acts  of the unconsolidated entity. 
  In some instances, the guarantees provided in connection with loans to an unconsolidated entity are joint and several. In these situations, we generally have a reimbursement agreement with our partner that provides that neither party is responsible for more than its proportionate share or agreed upon share of the guarantee; however, if the joint venture partner does not have adequate financial resources to meet its obligations under the reimbursement agreement, we may be liable for more than our proportionate share.  
  We believe that, as of   October 31, 2016  , in the event we become legally obligated to perform under a guarantee of an obligation of an unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event, the collateral in such entity should be sufficient to repay a significant portion of the obligation. If it is not, we and our partners would need to contribute additional capital to the venture. At   October 31, 2016  , the unconsolidated entities that have guarantees related to debt had loan commitments aggregating   $875.7 million   and had borrowed an aggregate of   $576.0 million  . The term of these guarantees generally ranges from   one month   to   48 months  . We estimate that the maximum potential exposure under these guarantees, if the full amount of the loan commitments were borrowed, would be   $875.7 million  , without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners. Of this maximum potential exposure,   $87.0 million   is related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. Based on the amounts borrowed at   October 31, 2016  , our maximum potential exposure under all guarantees is estimated to be approximately   $576.0 million  , without taking into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners. Of the estimated   $576.0 million  ,   $61.5 million   is related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. 
  In addition, we have guaranteed approximately   $4.3 million   of ground lease payments and insurance deductibles for   three   joint ventures. 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the estimated aggregate fair value of the guarantees provided by us related to debt and other obligations of certain unconsolidated entities was approximately   $4.8 million  . We have not made payments under any of the guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so.  
  Variable Interest Entities 
  At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we determined that   three   and   one  , respectively, of our joint ventures were VIEs under the guidance within ASC 810. However, we have concluded that we were not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs because the  
  
   F-20 

power to direct the activities of such VIEs that most significantly impact their performance was either shared by us and the VIEs  other partners or such activities were controlled by our partner. For VIEs where the power to direct significant activities is shared, business plans, budgets, and other major decisions are required to be unanimously approved by all members. Management and other fees earned by us are nominal and believed to be at market rates, and there is no significant economic disproportionality between us and other members. The information presented below regarding the investments, commitments, and guarantees in unconsolidated entities deemed to be VIEs is also included in the information provided above.  
  At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our investments in our unconsolidated joint ventures deemed to be VIEs, which are included in  Investments in unconsolidated entities  in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, totaled   $16.4 million   and   $6.7 million  , respectively. At   October 31, 2016  , the maximum exposure of loss to our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures that are VIEs was limited to our investments in the unconsolidated VIEs, except with regard to   $70.0 million   of loan guarantees and   $1.4 million   of additional commitments to the VIEs. At   October 31, 2015  , the maximum exposure to loss of our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture that was a VIE was limited to our investment in the unconsolidated VIE, except with regard to   $89.8 million   of loan guarantees and   $0.4 million   of additional commitments to fund the VIE. Of our potential exposure for these loan guarantees at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  ,   $14.3 million   is related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. 
  Joint Venture Condensed Financial Information 
  The Condensed Balance Sheets, as of the dates indicated, and the Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, for the periods indicated, for the unconsolidated entities in which we have an investment, aggregated by type of business, are included below (in thousands).  
  Condensed Balance Sheets: 

F-21 

(1) 
    Included in other assets of the Gibraltar Joint Ventures at   October 31, 2015   was   $78.0 million   of restricted cash held in a defeasance account that was used to repay debt of one of the Gibraltar Joint Ventures in December 2015. 
              (2) 
    Differences between our net investment in unconsolidated entities and our underlying equity in the net assets of the entities are primarily a result of the acquisition price of an investment in a Land Development Joint Venture in fiscal 2012 that was in excess of our pro rata share of the underlying equity; impairments related to our investment in unconsolidated entities; interest capitalized on our investments; the estimated fair value of the guarantees provided to the joint ventures; and distributions from entities in excess of the carrying amount of our net investment. 
     Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income: 

F-22 

(3) 
    Differences between our equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities and the underlying net income (loss) of the entities is primarily a result a basis difference of an acquired joint venture interest; distributions from entities in excess of the carrying amount of our net investment; recoveries of previously incurred charges; a gain recognized for the sale of our ownership interest in one of our joint ventures; and our share of the entities  profits related to home sites purchased by us which reduces our cost basis of the home sites acquired. 
     
   F-23 

5. Loans Payable, Senior Notes, and Mortgage Company Loan Facility 
  Loans Payable 
  At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , loans payable consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): 

Senior Unsecured Term Loan 
  On February 3, 2014, we entered into a   five  -year,   $485.0 million  , unsecured term loan facility (the  Term Loan Facility ) with a syndicate of banks. We borrowed the full amount of the Term Loan Facility on February 3, 2014. In October 2014, we increased the Term Loan Facility by   $15.0 million   and borrowed the full amount of the increase.  
  On May 19, 2016, we entered into an amendment to the Term Loan Facility to, among other things, (1) amend the financial maintenance covenants therein to be substantially the same as the financial maintenance covenants applicable under the New Credit Facility described below and (2) revise certain provisions relating to the interest rate applicable on outstanding borrowings. In addition, in August 2016, we amended the Term Loan Facility to extend the maturity date from February 3, 2019 to August 2, 2021. 
  Under the Term Loan Facility, as amended, we may select interest rates equal to (i) London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus an applicable margin, (ii) the base rate (as defined in the agreement) plus an applicable margin, or (iii) the federal funds/Euro rate (as defined in the agreement) plus an applicable margin, in each case, based on our leverage ratio. At   October 31, 2016  , the interest rate on the Term Loan Facility was   1.93%   per annum. 
  We and substantially all of our   100%  -owned home building subsidiaries are guarantors under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility contains substantially the same financial covenants as the Credit Facility, as described below. 
  Credit Facility 
  On   August 1, 2013  , we entered into a   $1.035 billion   unsecured,   five  -year revolving credit facility ( Credit Facility ). The commitments under the Credit Facility were scheduled to expire on   August 1, 2018  . On May 19, 2016, we entered into a new   $1.215 billion   (subsequently increased to   $1.295 billion  ) (the  Aggregate Credit Commitment ), unsecured,   five  -year revolving credit facility (the  New Credit Facility ) with a syndicate of banks and terminated the Credit Facility. The commitments under the New Credit Facility are scheduled to expire on May 19, 2021. Up to   50%   of the Aggregate Credit Commitment is available for letters of credit. The New Credit Facility has an accordion feature under which we may, subject to certain conditions set forth in the agreement, increase the New Credit Facility up to a maximum aggregate amount of   $2.0 billion  . We may select interest rates for the New Credit Facility equal to (i) LIBOR plus an applicable margin or (ii) the lenders  base rate plus an applicable margin, which in each case is based on our credit rating and leverage ratio. At   October 31, 2016  , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the New Credit Facility was   2.03%   per annum. We are obligated to pay an undrawn commitment fee that is based on the average daily unused amount of the Aggregate Credit Commitment and our credit ratings and leverage ratio. Any proceeds from borrowings under the New Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes. We and substantially all of our   100%  -owned home building subsidiaries are guarantors under the New Credit Facility. 
  Under the terms of the New Credit Facility, our maximum leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) may not exceed   1.75   to 1.00 and we are required to maintain a minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than approximately   $2.60 billion  . Under the terms of the New Credit Facility, at   October 31, 2016  , our leverage ratio was approximately   0.71   to 1.00 and our tangible net worth was approximately   $4.18 billion  . Based upon the minimum tangible net worth requirement, our ability to repurchase our common stock was limited to approximately   $2.13 billion   as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had   $250.0 million   of outstanding borrowings under the New Credit Facility and had outstanding letters of credit of approximately   $83.2 million  . 
  
   F-24 

Loans Payable   Other 
  Our  Loans payable   other  primarily represent purchase money mortgages on properties we had acquired that the seller had financed and various revenue bonds that were issued by government entities on our behalf to finance community infrastructure and our manufacturing facilities. Information regarding our loans payable at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , is included in the table below ($ amounts in thousands): 

The contractual maturities of  Loans payable   other  as of   October 31, 2016  , ranged from   three months   to   30 years  . 
  Senior Notes 
  At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , senior notes consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): 

The senior notes are the unsecured obligations of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., our   100%  -owned subsidiary. The payment of principal and interest is fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by us and substantially all of our   100%  -owned home building subsidiaries (together with Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the  Senior Note Parties ). The senior notes rank equally in right of payment with all the Senior Note Parties  existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, including the New Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility. The senior notes are structurally subordinated to the prior claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of the senior notes. The senior notes, other than the   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes ), are redeemable in whole or in part at any time at our option, at prices that vary based upon the then-current rates of interest and the remaining original term of the notes.  
  The   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes are not redeemable by us prior to   September 15, 2017  . The   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes are exchangeable into shares of our common stock at an exchange rate of   20.3749   shares per   $1,000   principal amount of notes, corresponding to an initial exchange price of approximately   $49.08   per share of common stock. If all of the   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes are exchanged, we would issue approximately   5.9 million   shares of our common stock. Shares issuable upon conversion of the   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.   Holders of the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes have the right to require Toll Brothers Finance Corp. to repurchase their notes for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, on each of December 15, 2017; September 15, 2022; and September 15, 2027.   Toll Brothers Finance Corp. will have the right to redeem the 0.5% Senior Notes on or after September 15, 2017, for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest.    
  In October 2015, we issued   $350.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   4.875%   Senior Notes due 2025 (the    4.875%   Senior Notes ) at par. We received   $347.7 million   of net proceeds from this issuance of   4.875%   Senior Notes. 
  In May 2015, we repaid, at maturity, the   $300.0 million   of then-outstanding principal amount of   5.15%   Senior Notes due May 15, 2015. 
  
   F-25 

In March 2014, we repaid, at maturity, the   $268.0 million   of the then-outstanding principal amount of   4.95%   Senior Notes due March 15, 2014. 
  In November 2013, we issued   $350.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   4.0%   Senior Notes due 2018 (the    4.0%   Senior Notes ) and   $250.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.625%   Senior Notes due 2024 (the    5.625%   Senior Notes ). We received   $596.2 million   of net proceeds from the issuance of the   4.0%   Senior Notes and the   5.625%   Senior Notes.  
  Mortgage Company Loan Facility 
  In October 2016, TBI Mortgage        Company ( TBI Mortgage ), our wholly owned mortgage subsidiary, entered into a Mortgage Warehousing Agreement ( Warehousing Agreement ) with a syndicate of banks. The purpose of the Warehousing Agreement is to finance the origination of mortgage loans by TBI Mortgage, and the Warehousing Agreement is accounted for as a secured borrowing under ASC 860,  Transfers and Servicing.  The Warehousing Agreement provides for loan purchases up to   $150 million  , subject to certain sublimits. In addition, the Warehousing Agreement provides for an accordion feature under which TBI Mortgage may request that the aggregate commitments under the Warehousing Agreement be increased to an amount up to   $210 million   for a short period of time. The Warehousing Agreement, expires on   October 27, 2017  , and borrowings thereunder bear interest at LIBOR plus   2.00%   per annum. At   October 31, 2016  , the interest rate on the Warehousing Agreement was   2.53%   per annum. In addition, we are subject to an under usage fee based on outstanding balances, as defined in the Warehousing Agreement. Borrowings under this facility are included in the fiscal 2017 maturities. 
  Prior to entering into the Warehousing Agreement, TBI Mortgage had a Master Repurchase Agreement, as amended (the  Repurchase Agreement ) with a bank, which provided for loan purchases up to   $85 million   subject to certain sublimits. In addition, the Repurchase Agreement provided for an accordion feature under which TBI Mortgage could request that the aggregate commitments under the Repurchase Agreement be increased to an amount up to   $125 million   for a short period of time. The borrowings under the Repurchase Agreement bore interest at LIBOR plus   2.00%   per annum, with a minimum rate of   2.00%  . The Repurchase Agreement was terminated when we entered into the Warehousing Agreement. 
  At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , there were   $210.0 million   and   $100.0 million  , respectively, outstanding under the Warehousing and Repurchase Agreements, respectively, which are included in liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , amounts outstanding under the agreements were collateralized by   $231.4 million   and   $115.9 million  , respectively, of mortgage loans held for sale, which are included in assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   October 31, 2016  , there were   no   aggregate outstanding purchase price limitations reducing the amount available to TBI Mortgage. There are several restrictions on purchased loans under the agreements, including that they cannot be sold to others, they cannot be pledged to anyone other than the agent, and they cannot support any other borrowing or repurchase agreements. 
  General 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the annual aggregate maturities of our loans and notes during each of the next five fiscal years are as follows (amounts in thousands): 

(a) 
    Since the Holders of the   0.5%   Exchangeable Senior Notes have the right to require Toll Brothers Finance Corp. to repurchase their notes on December 15, 2017, these notes are included as a fiscal 2018 maturity.  
     
   F-26 

6. Accrued Expenses 
  Accrued expenses at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (amounts in thousands): 

(1) 
    In prior periods, Escrow liability and Deferred income were included in Other in the above schedule. The October 31, 2015 column presented above has been reclassified to conform to the fiscal 2016 presentation. 
              (2) 
    The fiscal 2016 amount includes   $159.0 million   of warranty charges expected to be recovered from our insurance carriers and suppliers, which we recorded as a receivable at October 31, 2016 and is included in  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets  in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
     In response to an increasing number of water intrusion claims received in the second half of fiscal 2014 from owners of stucco homes in certain completed communities located in Pennsylvania and Delaware (which are in our Mid-Atlantic region), we undertook a review of homes built in these communities during fiscal 2003 through fiscal 2009 to determine whether additional repairs related to stucco homes would likely be needed in these communities.  
  Our quarterly review process includes an analysis of many factors to determine whether a claim is likely to be received and the estimated costs to resolve any such claim, including: the closing dates of the stucco homes in each community; the number of claims received; our inspection of homes; an estimate of the number of homes we expect to repair; the type and cost of repairs that have been performed in each community; the estimated costs to remediate pending and future claims in each community; the expected recovery from our insurance carriers; and the amount of warranty and self-insurance reserves already recorded.  
  At the end of fiscal 2014, we estimated our liability for known and unknown warranty claims for stucco homes in the affected communities to be approximately   $54.0 million  , of which we expected to recover approximately   $21.5 million   from our outside insurance carriers. We recognized a   $25.0 million   net charge, after reduction for expected insurance recoveries, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 for estimated repair costs for these homes. 
  During our fiscal fourth-quarter 2015 review of the estimated liability for warranty claims for stucco homes, we determined that the average cost of repairs had increased based on the actual costs we incurred to complete repairs of homes in the second half of fiscal 2015. We also determined that additional repairs would likely be needed in certain communities built during fiscal 2010 through fiscal 2013 in Pennsylvania. Based on the revision of our estimated costs of repairs and the inclusion of certain additional communities in our estimates, the estimated liability for known and unknown warranty claims for stucco homes increased to approximately   $80.3 million   as of October 31, 2015, of which we expected to recover approximately   $32.6 million   from outside insurance carriers. We recognized a   $14.7 million   additional net charge, after reduction for expected insurance recoveries, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 for estimated repair costs for these homes.  
  Based upon the reviews conducted in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016, we determined that the actual costs incurred per claim had increased. We recognized additional net charges of   $2.5 million   and   $1.9 million   in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016, respectively, for repairs to stucco homes. In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, our estimated liability also included estimated costs for a small number of water intrusion claims for non-stucco homes in these same completed communities. 
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we increased our estimate of the aggregate number of homes we expect to repair for stucco-related issues as well as the expected repair costs per home. These increases were largely attributable to the repairs taking place in the affected communities and our experience in responding to and adjusting claims received as we completed an increasing number of fully resolved repairs. The fourth-quarter 2016 increase in the estimated number of homes we expect to repair was further affected by an increase in the rate of claims received. In response to our remediation experience, we modified our repair  
  
   F-27 

protocol in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. The increase in the projected cost per claim in the fourth quarter is attributable to the modified repair protocol, as well as construction cost increases affecting the industry generally.  
  In addition, based upon an increase in the number of water intrusion claims received on non-stucco homes and further investigation of these claims, we determined that an accrual was needed for projected warranty claims from these non-stucco homes in these same completed communities. We did not see a change in the geographic concentration of claims, and we believe these claims are attributable to local construction practices employed by independent contractors in this region.  
  Our estimated liability for known and unknown water intrusion claims increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 to approximately   $324.4 million   as of October 31, 2016, of which we expect to recover approximately   $152.6 million   from outside insurance carriers and suppliers. Of the   $324.4 million   total estimated liability, approximately   $115.5 million   relates to water intrusion at non-stucco homes. We recognized a   $121.2 million   and   $125.6 million   additional net charge, after reduction for expected insurance and supplier recoveries, for estimated repair costs in the fourth quarter and full fiscal year of 2016, respectively. The charges discussed above are included in  Cost of revenues  in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Resolution of these known and unknown claims is expected to take several years. 
  Our estimates are predicated on several assumptions for which there is significant uncertainty including, but not limited to, the number of homes to be repaired, the extent of repairs needed, the cost of those repairs, and expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers. At October 31, 2016, the number of known claims represented approximately a third of the total number of claims included in our estimates. Due to the degree of judgment required and the potential for variability in the underlying assumptions, it is reasonably possible that our actual costs could differ from those estimated, such differences could be material, and therefore, we are unable to estimate the range of any such differences. 
  As of October 31, 2014, we had received construction claims from   three   related multifamily community associations in California alleging issues with design and construction and damage to exterior common area elements. We believe we have coverage under multiple owner controlled insurance policies with deductibles or self-insured retention requirements that vary from policy year to policy year. We completed a settlement of   one   of the claims during fiscal 2015 and   one   of these claims in fiscal 2016. Our review of the remaining claim is ongoing. Due to issues related to insurance coverage on all   three   claims, the degree of judgment required, and the potential for variability in our underlying assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from our estimates. Based on the above settlements and our evaluation of the remaining claim, we recorded a charge of   $6.9 million   in fiscal 2015. We do not believe that the resolution of any of these matters, in excess of the amounts currently accrued would be material to our results of operations, liquidity, or on our financial condition. 
  We accrue for expected warranty costs at the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer. Warranty costs are accrued based upon historical experience. The table below provides a reconciliation of the changes in our warranty accrual during fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   as follows (amounts in thousands): 

* 
    The fiscal 2016 amount includes (i) the current year charge of   $9.3 million  , which is included in  Cost of sales  in our 2016 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income and (ii)   $17.3 million   of non-water intrusion warranty charges expected to be recovered from our insurance carriers and suppliers, which we recorded as a receivable at October 31, 2016 and is included in  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets  on our 2016 Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
               ** 
    The fiscal 2016 amount includes (i) the current year charge of   $125.6 million  , which is included in  Cost of sales  in our 2016 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income and (ii)   $141.7 million   of water intrusion warranty charges expected to be recovered from our insurance carriers and suppliers, which we recorded as a receivable at October 31, 2016 and is included in  Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets  on our 2016 Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
     
   F-28 

7. Income Taxes  
  The following table provides a reconciliation of our effective tax rate from the federal statutory tax rate for the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   ($ amounts in thousands): 

* 
    Due to rounding, amounts may not add. 

We currently operate in   19   states and are subject to various state tax jurisdictions. We estimate our state tax liability based upon the individual taxing authorities  regulations, estimates of income by taxing jurisdiction, and our ability to utilize certain tax-saving strategies. Based on our estimate of the allocation of income or loss among the various taxing jurisdictions and changes in tax regulations and their impact on our tax strategies, we estimated our rate for state income taxes will be   7.0%   in fiscal   2016  . Our state income tax rate was   6.3%   and   7.2%   in fiscal   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  The following table provides information regarding the provision (benefit) for income taxes for each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the change in the unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

The statute of limitations has expired on our federal tax returns for fiscal years through 2010.  
  
   F-29 

Our unrecognized tax benefits are included in  Income taxes payable  on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. If these unrecognized tax benefits reverse in the future, they would have a beneficial impact on our effective tax rate at that time. During the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change, but we are not able to provide a range of such change. The anticipated changes will be principally due to the expiration of tax statutes, settlements with taxing jurisdictions, increases due to new tax positions taken, and the accrual of estimated interest and penalties. 
  The amounts accrued for interest and penalties are included in  Income taxes payable  on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following table provides information as to the amounts recognized in our tax provision, before reduction for applicable taxes and reversal of previously accrued interest and penalties, of potential interest and penalties in the 12-month periods ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , and the amounts accrued for potential interest and penalties at   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

The components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities at   October 31, 2016   and   2015   are set forth below (amounts in thousands): 

Since the beginning of fiscal 2007, we recorded significant deferred tax assets as a result of the recognition of inventory impairments and impairments of investments in unconsolidated entities. In accordance with GAAP, we assess whether a valuation allowance should be established based on our determination of whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we determined that it was more-likely-than-not that our deferred assets would be realized for federal purposes. Accordingly, at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we did not record any valuation allowances against our federal deferred tax assets. 
  
   F-30 

We file tax returns in the various states in which we do business. Each state has its own statutes regarding the use of tax loss carryforwards. Some of the states in which we do business do not allow for the carryforward of losses, while others allow for carryforwards for   5 years   to   20 years  . 
  For state tax purposes, due to past and projected losses in certain jurisdictions where we do not have carryback potential and/or cannot sufficiently forecast future taxable income, we recognized net cumulative valuation allowances against our state deferred tax assets at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , as shown above. During fiscal   2015   and   2014  , due to improved actual and/or projected operating results, we reversed   $16.3 million  , and   $13.3 million  , respectively, of state deferred tax asset valuation allowance previously recognized. During fiscal   2016  ,   no   state deferred tax asset valuation allowances were reversed. In addition, we establish valuation allowances for newly created deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions where it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax asset would not be realized. During fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we recognized new valuation allowances of   $1.0 million  ,   $3.7 million  , and   $1.3 million  , respectively. We will continue to review our deferred tax assets in accordance with ASC 740.  
   
  8. Stockholders  Equity 
  Our authorized capital stock consists of   400 million   shares of common stock,   $0.01   par value per share ( common stock ), and   15 million   shares of preferred stock,   $0.01   par value per share. At   October 31, 2016  , we had   161.8 million   shares of common stock issued and outstanding,   10.2 million   shares of common stock reserved for outstanding stock options and restricted stock units,   6.8 million   shares of common stock reserved for future stock option and award issuances,   5.9 million   shares of common stock reserved for conversion of our   0.5%   Senior Notes, and   0.5 million   shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. As of   October 31, 2016  ,   no   shares of preferred stock have been issued.  
  Stock Issuance 
  In November 2013, in anticipation of the Shapell Acquisition, we issued   7.2 million   shares of our common stock, par value   $0.01   per share, at a price to the public of   $32.00   per share. We received   $220.4 million   of net proceeds from the issuance.  
  Stock Repurchase Program 
  On December 16, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of   20 million   shares of our common stock in open market transactions or otherwise for the purpose of obtaining shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans and for any other additional purpose or purposes as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Effective May 23, 2016, our Board of Directors terminated the December 2014 share repurchase program and authorized, under a new repurchase program, the repurchase of   20 million   shares of our common stock in open market transactions or otherwise for general corporate purposes, including to obtain shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans. The Board of Directors did not fix any expiration date for this repurchase program. 
  The following table provides information about the share repurchase programs for the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

Subsequent to October 31, 2016, we repurchased approximately   550,000   shares of our common stock at an average price of   $27.28   per share. 
  Stockholder Rights Plan and Transfer Restriction 
  In   June 2007  , we adopted a shareholder rights plan ( 2007 Rights Plan ).   The rights issued pursuant to the 2007 Rights Plan will become exercisable upon the earlier of (i) 10 days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or (ii) 10 business days following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock. No rights were exercisable at October 31, 2016.   The 2007 Rights Plan will expire on July 11, 2017. 
  On   March 17, 2010  , our Board of Directors adopted a Certificate of Amendment to the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the  Certificate of Amendment ). The Certificate of Amendment includes an amendment approved by our stockholders at the 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders that restricts certain transfers of our common stock. The Certificate of Amendment s transfer restrictions generally restrict any direct or indirect transfer of our common stock if the  
  
   F-31 

effect would be to increase the direct or indirect ownership of any Person (as defined in the Certificate of Amendment) from   less than 4.95%   to   4.95% or more   of our common stock or increase the ownership percentage of a Person owning or deemed to own   4.95% or more   of our common stock. Any direct or indirect transfer attempted in violation of this restriction would be void as of the date of the prohibited transfer as to the purported transferee. 
   
  9. Stock-Based Benefit Plans 
  We grant stock options, restricted stock, and various types of restricted stock units to our employees and our nonemployee directors under our stock incentive plans. We have   two   active stock incentive plans,   one   for employees (including officers) and   one   for nonemployee directors. Our active stock incentive plans provide for the granting of incentive stock options (solely to employees) and nonqualified stock options with a term of up to   10 years   at a price not less than the market price of the stock at the date of grant. Our active stock incentive plans also provide for the issuance of stock appreciation rights and restricted and unrestricted stock awards and stock units, which may be performance-based. At   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we had   6.8 million  ;   7.5 million  ; and   8.8 million   shares, respectively, available for grant under our stock incentive plans.  
  We have   three   additional stock incentive plans for employees, officers, and directors that are inactive except for outstanding stock option awards at   October 31, 2016  . No additional options may be granted under these plans. Stock options granted under these plans were made with a term of up to   10 years   at a price not less than the market price of the stock at the date of grant and generally vested over a four-year period for employees and a two-year period for nonemployee directors. 
  The following table provides information regarding the amount of total stock-based compensation expense recognized by us for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands):   

  At   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , the aggregate unamortized value of outstanding stock-based compensation awards was approximately   $27.0 million  ,   $25.2 million  , and   $24.0 million  , respectively. 
  Information about our more significant stock-based compensation programs is outlined below. 
  Stock Options: 
  Stock options granted to employees generally vest over a four-year period, although certain grants may vest over a longer or shorter period, and stock options granted to nonemployee directors generally vest over a two-year period. Shares issued upon the exercise of a stock option are either from shares held in treasury or newly issued shares. 
  The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-based option valuation model that uses assumptions noted in the following table. The lattice-based option valuation model incorporates ranges of assumptions for inputs, which are disclosed in the table below. Expected volatilities were based on implied volatilities from traded options on our stock, historical volatility of our stock, and other factors. The expected lives of options granted were derived from the historical exercise patterns and anticipated future patterns and represent the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding; the range given below results from certain groups of employees exhibiting different behaviors. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
  The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions and fair value used for stock option grants in each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

F-32 

The fair value of stock option grants is recognized evenly over the vesting period of the options or over the period between the grant date and the time the option becomes nonforfeitable by the employee, whichever is shorter. Information regarding the stock compensation expense, related to stock options, for fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was as follows (amounts in thousands): 

At   October 31, 2016  , total compensation cost related to nonvested stock option awards not yet recognized was approximately   $13.7 million  , and the weighted-average period over which we expect to recognize such compensation costs and tax benefit is approximately   2.4 years  . 
  The following table summarizes stock option activity for our plans during each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts):  

The weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) for options outstanding and exercisable at   October 31, 2016  , was   4.4   and   3.1  , respectively.  
  The intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable is the difference between the fair market value of our common stock on the applicable date ( Measurement Value ) and the exercise price of those options that had an exercise price that was less than the Measurement Value. The intrinsic value of options exercised is the difference between the fair market value of our common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price. 
  The following table provides information pertaining to the intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands):  

Information pertaining to the intrinsic value of options exercised and the fair market value of options that became vested or modified in each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , is provided below (amounts in thousands):  

Our stock option plans permit optionees to exercise stock options using a  net exercise  method at the discretion of the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors ( Executive Compensation Committee ). In a net exercise, we withhold from the total number of shares that otherwise would be issued to an optionee upon exercise of the stock option that number of shares having a fair market value at the time of exercise equal to the option exercise price and applicable minimum income tax withholdings and remit the remaining shares to the optionee.  
  
   F-33 

The following table provides information regarding the use of the net exercise method for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units: 
  In fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , the Executive Compensation Committee approved awards of performance-based restricted stock units ( Performance-Based RSUs ) relating to shares of our common stock to certain members of our senior management. The Performance-Based RSUs are based on the attainment of certain performance metrics by the Company in the year of grant. The number of shares underlying the Performance-Based RSUs that will be issued to the recipients may range from   90%   to   110%   of the base award depending on actual performance metrics as compared to the target performance metrics. The Performance-Based RSUs vest over a four-year period provided the recipients continue to be employed by us or serve on our Board of Directors (as applicable) as specified in the award document. 
  The value of the Performance-Based RSUs was determined to be equal to the estimated number of shares of our common stock to be issued multiplied by the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) on the date the Performance-Based RSU awards were approved by the Executive Compensation Committee ( Valuation Date ). We evaluate the performance goals quarterly and estimate the number of shares underlying the Performance-Based RSUs that are probable of being issued. The following table provides information regarding the issuance, valuation assumptions, and amortization of the Performance-Based RSUs issued in fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

Performance-Based RSUs issued in December 2011 were paid in fiscal 2016. The recipients of these RSUs elected to use a portion of the shares underlying the RSUs to pay the required income withholding taxes on the payout. The gross value of the payout was   $12.2 million   (  370,171   shares), the minimum income tax withholding was   $5.4 million   (  164,090   shares) and the net value of the shares delivered was   $6.8 million   (  206,081   shares). 
  Total Shareholder Return Restricted Stock Units: 
  In December 2015, the Executive Compensation Committee approved awards of total shareholder return restricted stock units ( TSRs ) relating to   171,705   shares of our common stock to certain members of our senior management (the  Initial Grant ). The TSRs granted are earned by comparing our total shareholder return during three distinct performance periods to the respective total shareholder returns of companies in a performance peer group as defined in the award document. The three distinct performance periods are as follows: 

The TSRs vest over a   three  -year period provided the recipients continue to be employed by us or serve on our Board of Directors (as applicable) as specified in the award document. Based upon our ranking in the performance peer group, the recipient of the TSRs may earn a total award ranging from   0%   to   200%   of the Initial Grant. In 2016, recipients of Tranche 1  
  
   F-34 

TRSs earned   0%   of the grants based upon our total shareholder return ranking in the performance peer group during the one-year period ended October 31, 2016.  
  We estimated the fair value of the TSRs at the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation. The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation for risk-free rate of return, expected dividend yield, and expected volatility were   1.23%  ,   0%  , and   28.66%  , respectively. The length of each performance period was used as the expected term in the simulation for each respective tranche. The weighted average grant date fair value of TSRs granted during 2016 was   $41.16   per unit. In fiscal   2016  , we recognized   $3.3 million   of expense related to TSRs. At   October 31, 2016  , the unamortized value of the TSRs was   $3.8 million  . 
  Stock Price-Based Restricted Stock Units: 
  In December 2010, the Executive Compensation Committee approved awards to certain of our executives of stock price-based restricted stock unit ( Stock Price-Based RSUs ) awards relating to shares of our common stock. In fiscal 2012, we adopted a Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award program to replace the Stock Price-Based RSU program. The Stock Price-Based RSUs vested and the recipients were entitled to receive the underlying shares when the average closing price of our common stock on the NYSE, measured over any 20 consecutive trading days ending on or prior to five years from date of issuance of the Stock Price-Based RSUs, increased   30%   or more over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the date of issuance ( Target Price ), provided the recipients continued to be employed by us or serve on our Board of Directors (as applicable) as specified in the award document. In fiscal 2012, the Target Price of all Stock Price-Based RSUs issued was met.  
  The Stock Price-Based RSUs issued in December 2010 were paid in fiscal 2014. The recipients of these RSUs elected to use a portion of the shares underlying the RSUs to pay the required income withholding taxes on the payout. The gross value of the payout was $  10.5 million   (  306,000   shares), the minimum income tax withholding was   $4.8 million   (  140,160   shares) and the net value of the shares delivered was   $5.7 million   (  165,840   shares). 
  In fiscal   2014  , we recognized   $0.2 million   of expense related to Stock Price-Based RSUs.   No   expenses related to Stock Price-Based RSUs were recognized in fiscal   2016   or fiscal 2015. At October 31, 2016 and 2015,   no   Stock Price-Based RSUs were outstanding. 
  Nonperformance-Based Restricted Stock Units: 
  In fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , we issued nonperformance-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to various officers, employees, and nonemployee directors. These RSUs generally vest in annual installments over a two- to four-year period. The value of the RSUs was determined to be equal to the number of shares of our common stock to be issued pursuant to the RSUs multiplied by the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on the date the RSUs were awarded. The following table provides information regarding these RSUs for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  : 

Our stock incentive plans permit us to withhold from the total number of shares that otherwise would be issued to a restricted stock unit recipient upon distribution that number of shares having a fair value at the time of distribution equal to the applicable income tax withholdings due and remit the remaining shares to the restricted stock unit recipient. During fiscal 2016, we withheld   25,340   of the shares subject to restricted stock units to cover   $827,800   of income tax withholdings and we issued the remaining   70,627   shares to the recipients. During fiscal 2015, we withheld   4,221   of the shares subject to restricted stock units to cover   $146,500   of income tax withholdings and we issued the remaining   10,049   shares to the recipients. 

F-35 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  Our employee stock purchase plan enables substantially all employees to purchase our common stock at   95%   of the market price of the stock on specified offering dates without restriction or at   85%   of the market price of the stock on specified offering dates subject to restrictions. The plan, which terminates in December 2017, provides that   1.2 million   shares be reserved for purchase. At   October 31, 2016  ,   501,000   shares were available for issuance. 
  The following table provides information regarding our employee stock purchase plan for fiscal   2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  :  

10. Income Per Share Information 
  Information pertaining to the calculation of income per share for each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

(a) 
    Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect of outstanding in-the-money stock options using the treasury stock method and shares expected to be issued under Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and Nonperformance-Based Restricted Stock Units. 
              (b) 
    Weighted-average number of antidilutive options and restricted stock units are based upon the average of the average quarterly closing prices of our common stock on the NYSE for the year. 
     
   F-36 

11. Fair Value Disclosures 
  Financial Instruments 
  A summary of assets and (liabilities) at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , related to our financial instruments, measured at fair value on a recurring basis, is set forth below (amounts in thousands): 

At   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximated fair value. 
  Marketable Securities 
  The fair value of our marketable securities approximated their amortized costs basis as of   October 31, 2015  . The estimated fair value of marketable securities was based on quoted prices provided by brokers.  
  Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
  At the end of the reporting period, we determine the fair value of our mortgage loans held for sale and the forward loan commitments we have entered into as a hedge against the interest rate risk of our mortgage loans and commitments using the market approach to determine fair value. The evaluation is based on the current market pricing of mortgage loans with similar terms and values as of the reporting date and the application of such pricing to the mortgage loan portfolio. We recognize the difference between the fair value and the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans held for sale as a gain or loss. In addition, we recognize the fair value of our forward loan commitments as a gain or loss. These gains and losses are included in  Other income   net  in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Interest income on mortgage loans held for sale is calculated based upon the stated interest rate of each loan and is also included in  Other income   net.  
  The table below provides, for the periods indicated, the aggregate unpaid principal and fair value of mortgage loans held for sale as of the date indicated (amounts in thousands): 

IRLCs represent individual borrower agreements that commit us to lend at a specified price for a specified period as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the commitment contract. These commitments have varying degrees of interest rate risk. We utilize best-efforts forward loan commitments ( Forward Commitments ) to hedge the interest rate risk of the IRLCs and residential mortgage loans held for sale. Forward Commitments represent contracts with third-party investors for the future delivery of loans whereby we agree to make delivery at a specified future date at a specified price. The IRLCs and Forward Commitments are considered derivative financial instruments under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging,  which requires derivative financial instruments to be recorded at fair value. We estimate the fair value of such commitments based on the estimated fair value of the underlying mortgage loan and, in the case of IRLCs, the probability that the mortgage loan will fund within the terms of the IRLC. The fair values of IRLCs and forward loan commitments are included in either  Receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets  or  Accrued expenses  in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as appropriate. To manage the risk of non-performance of investors regarding the Forward Commitments, we assess the creditworthiness of the investors on a periodic basis. 
  Inventory 
  We recognize inventory impairment charges based on the difference in the carrying value of the inventory and its fair value at the time of the evaluation. The fair value of the aforementioned inventory was determined using Level 3 criteria. Estimated fair  
  
   F-37 

value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. See Note 1,  Significant Accounting Policies - Inventory,  for additional information regarding our methodology on determining fair value. As further discussed in Note 1, determining the fair value of a community s inventory involves a number of variables, many of which are interrelated. If we used a different input for any of the various unobservable inputs used in our impairment analysis, the results of the analysis may have been different, absent any other changes. The table below summarizes, for the periods indicated, the ranges of certain quantitative unobservable inputs utilized in determining the fair value of impaired communities: 

The table below provides, for the periods indicated, the number of operating communities that we reviewed for potential impairment, the number of operating communities in which we recognized impairment charges, the amount of impairment charges recognized, and, as of the end of the period indicated, the fair value of those communities, net of impairment charges  
  ($ amounts in thousands): 

Investments in REO 
  Gibraltar s REO was recorded at estimated fair value at the time it was acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu actions using Level 3 inputs. The valuation techniques used to estimate fair value are third-party appraisals, broker opinions of value, or internal valuation methodologies (which may include discounted cash flows, capitalization rate analysis, or comparable transactional analysis). Unobservable inputs used in estimating the fair value of REO assets are based upon the best information available under the circumstances and take into consideration the financial condition and operating results of the asset, local market conditions, the availability of capital, interest and inflation rates, and other factors deemed appropriate by management. 
  
   F-38 

Debt 
  The table below provides, as of the dates indicated, the book value and estimated fair value of our debt at   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

(a) 
    The estimated fair value of loans payable was based upon contractual cash flows discounted at interest rates that we believed were available to us for loans with similar terms and remaining maturities as of the applicable valuation date. 
              (b) 
    The estimated fair value of our senior notes is based upon their market prices as of the applicable valuation date. 
              (c) 
    We believe that the carrying value of our mortgage company loan borrowings approximates their fair value. 
      
  12. Employee Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plans 
  Salary Deferral Savings Plans 
  We maintain salary deferral savings plans covering substantially all employees. We recognized an expense, net of plan forfeitures, with respect to the plans of   $10.3 million  ,   $8.9 million  , and   $7.8 million   for the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively.  
  Deferred Compensation Plan 
  We have an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation. The deferred compensation, together with certain of our contributions, earns various rates of return depending upon when the compensation was deferred. A portion of the deferred compensation and interest earned may be forfeited by a participant if he or she elects to withdraw the compensation prior to the end of the deferral period. We accrued   $24.6 million   and   $21.6 million   at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, for our obligations under the plan. 
  Defined Benefit Retirement Plans 
  We have   two   unfunded defined benefit retirement plans. Retirement benefits generally vest when the participant reaches normal retirement age (age   62  ). Unrecognized prior service costs are being amortized over the period from the date participants enter the plans until their interests are fully vested. We used a   2.98%  ,   3.55%  , and   3.55%   discount rate in our calculation of the present value of our projected benefit obligations at   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively. The rates represent the approximate long-term investment rate at October 31 of the fiscal year for which the present value was calculated. Information related to the plans is based on actuarial information calculated as of   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
  
   F-39 

Information related to our retirement plans for each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , is as follows (amounts in thousands): 

The table below provides, based upon the estimated retirement dates of the participants in the retirement plans, the amounts of benefits we would be required to pay in each of the next five fiscal years and for the five fiscal years ended   October 31, 2026   in the aggregate (in thousands): 

F-40 

13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The tables below provide, for the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss (amounts in thousands): 

Reclassifications for the amortization of the employee retirement plans are included in  Selling, general and administrative  expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Reclassifications for the realized gains on available-for-sale securities are included in  Other income   net  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
   
  14. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Legal Proceedings 
  We are involved in various claims and litigation arising principally in the ordinary course of business. We believe that adequate provision for resolution of all current claims and pending litigation has been made for probable losses. We believe that the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity or on our financial condition. 
  Land Purchase Commitments  
  Generally, our purchase agreements to acquire land parcels do not require us to purchase those land parcels, although we, in some cases, forfeit any deposit balance outstanding if and when we terminate a purchase agreement. If market conditions are weak, approvals needed to develop the land are uncertain, or other factors exist that make the purchase undesirable, we may choose not to acquire the land. Whether a purchase agreement is legally terminated or not, we review the amount recorded for the land parcel subject to the purchase agreement to determine whether the amount is recoverable. While we may not have formally terminated the purchase agreements for those land parcels that we do not expect to acquire, we write off any nonrefundable deposits and costs previously capitalized to such land parcels in the periods that we determine such costs are not recoverable. 
  
   F-41 

Information regarding our land purchase commitments at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , is provided in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

At   October 31, 2016  , we had agreed to acquire   240   home sites from   two   of our Land Development Joint Ventures for an aggregate purchase price of   $79.2 million   and an agreement for the acquisition of Coleman for   $85.2 million  , which are included in the table above. In addition, we expect to purchase approximately   3,600   additional home sites over a number of years from several joint ventures in which we have investments; the purchase prices of these home sites will be determined at a future date.  
  At   October 31, 2016  , we also had purchase commitments to acquire land for apartment developments of approximately   $71.8 million  , of which we had outstanding deposits in the amount of   $3.7 million  . 
  We have additional land parcels under option that have been excluded from the aforementioned aggregate purchase amounts since we do not believe that we will complete the purchase of these land parcels and no additional funds will be required from us to terminate these contracts. 
  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had investments in a number of unconsolidated entities, were committed to invest or advance additional funds, and had guaranteed a portion of the indebtedness and/or loan commitments of these entities. See Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities,  for more information regarding our commitments to these entities. 
  Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had outstanding surety bonds amounting to   $617.3 million  , primarily related to our obligations to governmental entities to construct improvements in our communities. We estimate that   $326.1 million   of work remains on these improvements. We have an additional   $140.9 million   of surety bonds outstanding that guarantee other obligations. We do not believe it is probable that any outstanding bonds will be drawn upon. 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had outstanding letters of credit of   $83.2 million   under our New Credit Facility. These letters of credit were issued to secure our various financial obligations, including insurance policy deductibles and other claims, land deposits, and security to complete improvements in communities in which we are operating. We do not believe that it is probable that any outstanding letters of credit will be drawn upon. 
  Backlog 
  At   October 31, 2016  , we had agreements of sale outstanding to deliver   4,685   homes with an aggregate sales value of   $3.98 billion  .  
  Mortgage Commitments 
  Our mortgage subsidiary provides mortgage financing for a portion of our home closings. For those home buyers to whom our mortgage subsidiary provides mortgages, we determine whether the home buyer qualifies for the mortgage based upon information provided by the home buyer and other sources. For those home buyers who qualify, our mortgage subsidiary provides the home buyer with a mortgage commitment that specifies the terms and conditions of a proposed mortgage loan based upon then-current market conditions. Prior to the actual closing of the home and funding of the mortgage, the home buyer will lock in an interest rate based upon the terms of the commitment. At the time of rate lock, our mortgage subsidiary agrees to sell the proposed mortgage loan to one of several outside recognized mortgage financing institutions ( investors ) that is willing to honor the terms and conditions, including interest rate, committed to the home buyer. We believe that these investors have adequate financial resources to honor their commitments to our mortgage subsidiary. 
  
   F-42 

Information regarding our mortgage commitments at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , is provided in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

Lease Commitments 
  We lease certain facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expenses incurred by us under these operating leases were (amounts in thousands): 

At   October 31, 2016  , future minimum rent payments under our operating leases were (amounts in thousands): 

15. Other Income - Net 
  The table below provides the components of other income - net for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

During the years ended     October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our security monitoring business recognized gains of     $1.6 million     and     $8.1 million  , respectively,     from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts in the fiscal 2015, which is included in income from ancillary businesses above.  
  
   F-43 

For the year ended October 31, 2014, income from land sales includes   $2.9 million   of previously deferred gains on our initial sales of the properties to a Rental Property Joint Venture, which sold substantially all of its assets in December 2013. 
  Income from ancillary businesses includes our mortgage, title, landscaping, security monitoring, and golf course and country club operations. The table below provides revenues and expenses for these ancillary businesses for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

The table below provides revenues and expenses recognized from land sales for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

Land sale revenues for the year ended   October 31, 2016   includes   $38.1 million   related to an in substance real estate sale transaction which resulted in a new Rental Property Joint Venture in which we have a   50%   interest. Due to our continued involvement in the joint venture through our ownership interest, we deferred   50%   of the gain realized on the sale. We will amortize the deferred gain into income using the straight line method over the life of the rental property. Land sale revenues for the year October 31, 2015, include   $78.5 million   related to property sold to a Home Building Joint Venture in which we have a   25%   interest. Due to our continued involvement in the joint venture through our ownership interest and guarantees provided on the joint venture s debt, we deferred the   $9.3 million   gain realized on the sale. We are recognizing the gain as units are sold to the ultimate home buyers. See Note 4,  Investments in Unconsolidated Entities,  for more information on these transactions. 
   
  16. Information on Segments 
  The table below summarizes revenue and income (loss) before income taxes for our segments for each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   (amounts in thousands):    

   Corporate and other  is comprised principally of general corporate expenses such as the offices of our executive officers; the corporate finance, accounting, audit, tax, human resources, risk management, information technology, marketing, and legal groups; interest income; income from certain of our ancillary businesses, including Gibraltar; and income from a number of our unconsolidated entities. 
  
   F-44 

Total assets for each of our segments at   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , are shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

Corporate and other  is comprised principally of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, restricted cash and investments, deferred tax assets, investments in our Rental Property Joint Ventures, expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers, our Gibraltar investments, manufacturing facilities, and mortgage and title subsidiaries. 
  Inventory for each of our segments, as of the dates indicated, is shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

F-45 

The amounts we have provided for inventory impairment charges and the expensing of costs that we believed not to be recoverable for each of our segments, for the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , are shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

The net carrying value of our investments in unconsolidated entities and our equity in earnings (losses) from such investments, for each of our segments, as of the dates indicated, are shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

Corporate and other  is comprised of our investments in the Rental Property Joint Ventures and the Gibraltar Joint Ventures. 
  
   F-46 

17. Supplemental Disclosure to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  The following are supplemental disclosures to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the fiscal years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (amounts in thousands): 

F-47 

18. Supplemental Guarantor Information 
  Our   100%  -owned subsidiary, Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the  Subsidiary Issuer ), has issued the following Senior Notes (amounts in thousands):   

  The obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest are guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior basis by us and substantially all of our   100%  -owned home building subsidiaries (the  Guarantor Subsidiaries ). The guarantees are full and unconditional. Our non-home building subsidiaries and several of our home building subsidiaries (together, the  Nonguarantor Subsidiaries ) do not guarantee the debt. The Subsidiary Issuer generates no operating revenues and does not have any independent operations other than the financing of our other subsidiaries by lending the proceeds from the above-described debt issuances. The indentures under which the Senior Notes were issued provide that any of our subsidiaries that provide a guarantee of the New Credit Facility will guarantee the Senior Notes. The indentures further provide that any Guarantor Subsidiary may be released from its guarantee, so long as (1) no default or event of default exists or would result from release of such guarantee, (2) the Guarantor Subsidiary being released has consolidated net worth of less than 5% of our consolidated net worth as of the end of our most recent fiscal quarter, (3) the Guarantor Subsidiaries released from their guarantees in any fiscal year comprise in the aggregate less than 10% (or 15% if and to the extent necessary to permit the cure of a default) of our consolidated net worth as of the end of our most recent fiscal quarter, (4) such release would not have a material adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries home building business, and (5) the Guarantor Subsidiary is released from its guarantee under the New Credit Facility. If there are no guarantors under the New Credit Facility, all Guarantor Subsidiaries under the indentures will be released from their guarantees. 
  Separate financial statements and other disclosures concerning the Guarantor Subsidiaries are not presented because management has determined that such disclosures would not be material to investors.  

F-48 

Supplemental consolidating financial information of Toll Brothers, Inc., the Subsidiary Issuer, the Guarantor Subsidiaries, the Nonguarantor Subsidiaries, and the eliminations to arrive at Toll Brothers, Inc. on a consolidated basis is presented below ($ amounts in thousands). 
  Consolidating Balance Sheet at   October 31, 2016    

F-49 

Consolidating Balance Sheet at   October 31, 2015 

F-50 

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2016 

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2015 

F-51 

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2014    

F-52 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2016 

F-53 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2015 

F-54 

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended   October 31, 2014 

F-55 

19. Summary Consolidated Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
  The table below provides summary income statement data for each quarter of fiscal   2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 

(b) 
    Due to rounding, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share amounts may not equal the reported earnings per share for the year. 

F-56 

<EX-4.19>
 2
 tol-20161031x10kxex419.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.19

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.19 
  THIS THIRTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016 by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each a    Surviving Guarantor    and collectively, the    Surviving Guarantors   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ). 
  WHEREAS  , in connection with the mergers of certain Guarantors (each a "  Merged Guarantor  " as listed on   Schedule B   hereto) with and into the Surviving Guarantors appearing next to such Merged Guarantors on   Schedule B   hereto, each of the Surviving Guarantors is executing and delivering this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture to affirm its obligations under the Indenture (as defined on   Exhibit A   attached hereto) pursuant to Sections 5.01 and 10.01(1) thereof; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Definitions  .    Capitalized terms used in this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including   Exhibit A   attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Joinder  .    Each Surviving Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, such Surviving Guarantor hereby ratifies, approves and confirms in all respects its obligations under the Original Indenture both in its own capacity and as successor to its respective Merged Guarantor. 
  Section 3.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 4.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 5.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture by each Surviving Guarantor shall bind each such Surviving Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 6.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  Section 7.        Governing Law  .  This Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 

Section 8.        Counterparts  .  This Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 9.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., 
        
    as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO,  
        
    as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

- 2 -     

SCHEDULE A 
    
  SURVIVING GUARANTORS 

51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
  110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
  Belmont Land, L.P. 
  Fairway Valley, Inc. 
  First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
  MA Limited Land Corporation 
  Toll Bros., Inc. 
  Toll CA, L.P. 
  Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
  Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 
  Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
  Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Midwest LLC 
  Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
  Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
  Toll RI GP Corp. 
  Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
  Toll West Coast LLC 

- 3 -     

SCHEDULE B 
    
  LIST OF MERGERS 
    
  MERGING GUARANTORS        SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  Arizona LLC to be merged        Arizona LLC will be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Construction Company LLC    Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  California LP to be merged        California LP will be merged into 
    
  Toll YL, L.P.    Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  California LLCs to be merged        California LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Golf I Country Club Estates at    Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Golf II Country Club Estates at    Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Paramount Village LLC    Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  Delaware LLCs to be merged        Delaware LLCs to be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Holding Company LLC    Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  First Brandywine LLC III    First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  First Brandywine LLC IV    First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  Florida LPs to be merged        Florida LPs will be merged into 
    
  TBI/Naples Limited Partnership    Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Toll Livingston at Naples Limited Partnership    Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Florida LLCs to be merged        Florida LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Lighthouse Point Land Company LLC    Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
    
  Toll Realty LLC    Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  Illinois LLC to be merged        Illinois LLC to be merged into 
    
  Hawthorn Woods Country Club II LLC    Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 

- 4 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS        SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  MD LLCs to be merged        MD LLCs will be merged into           
    
  2301 Fallston Road LLC    Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Arthur s Woods LLC    Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Longmeadow Properties LLC    Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  Phillips Drive LLC    Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  MA LP to be merged        MA LP will be merged into 
    
  Huckins Farm Limited Partnership    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  MI LPs to be merged        MI LPs to be merged into 
    
  Toll at Honey Creek Limited Partnership    Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  Toll Northville Limited Partnership    Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  NH LP to be merged        NH LP will be merged into 
    
  Toll NH Limited Partnership    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NJ LPs to be merged        NJ LPs to be merged into 
    
  Estates at Rivers Edge, L.P.    MA Limited Land Corporation  
    
  Greenwich Chase, L.P.    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  West Amwell Limited Partnership    Fairway Valley, Inc. 
    
  NJ LLCs to be merged        NJ LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Regency at Mansfield I LLC    Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  Regency at Mansfield II LLC    Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  NY LP to be merged        NY LP to be merged into 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street L.P.    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NY LLCs to be merged        NY LLCs to be merged into 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue LLC    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue II LLC    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  
   - 5 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS        SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC LLC    51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC II LLC    51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 58   th    Street GC LLC    51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street GC II LLC    51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street I LLC    Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC LLC    110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC II LLC    110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  OH LP to be merged        OH LP to be merged into 
    
  Toll Land XXVI Limited Partnership    Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  PA LP to be merged        PA LP to be merged into 
    
  Blue Bell Country Club, L.P.    Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  RI LLC to be merged        RI LLC to be merged into 
    
  Toll Vanderbilt I LLC    Toll RI GP Corp. 
    
  TN LP to be merged        TN LP to be merged into 
    
  Wilson Concord, L.P.    Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  VA LPs to be merged        VA LPs to be merged into 
    
  Farmwell Hunt, L.P.    Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Great Falls Hunt, L.P.    Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  VA LLCs to be merged        VA LLCs to be merged into 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club I LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club II LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  Prince William Land I LLC    Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
    
  Prince William Land II LLC    Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
  
   - 6 -     

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2009 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee, as supplemented by: (i) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.910% Senior Notes due 2017 (the    8.910% Senior Notes   ) by Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the    Issuer   ) and the issuance of related guarantees by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of April 27, 2009; (ii) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.750% Senior Notes due 2019 (the    6.750% Senior Notes   ) by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of September 22, 2009; (iii) the First Supplemental Indenture dated October 27, 2011 (the    First Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, thereby became Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2011 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, thereby became Guarantors) and the Trustee; (v) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vii) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (viii) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (ix) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (x) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xi) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xii) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the    Tenth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiii) the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Twelfth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended.  
  
   - 7 -     

</EX-4.19>

<EX-4.20>
 3
 tol-20161031x10kxex420.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.20

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.20 
  THIS FOURTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each an    Additional Guarantor    and collectively, the    Additional Guarantors   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ). Capitalized terms used in this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including terms used on Exhibit A attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2009, by and among the Issuer, Toll Brothers, Inc., as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee (as more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS,   Section 4.04 of the Indenture provides that if in accordance with the provisions of the Bank Credit Facility the Company adds, or causes to be added, any Subsidiary that was not a Guarantor at the time of execution of the Original Indenture as a guarantor under the Bank Credit Facility, such Subsidiary shall contemporaneously become a Guarantor under the Indenture; 
  WHEREAS,   desiring to become a Guarantor under the Indenture, each of the Additional Guarantors is executing and delivering this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Joinder  .    Each Additional Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, it hereby unconditionally guarantees all of the Issuer s obligations under (i) the 8.910% Senior Notes due October 15, 2017, (ii) the 6.750% Senior Notes due November 1, 2019, (iii) any other Securities of any Series that has the benefit of Guarantees of other Subsidiaries of the Company, and (vi) the Indenture (as it relates to all such Series) on the terms set forth in the Indenture, as if each such Additional Guarantor was a party to the Original Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 3.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 4.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture by each Additional Guarantor shall bind each such Additional Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 5.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.        Governing Law  .  This Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 
  Section 7.        Counterparts  .  This Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 8.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.  
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO, as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOURTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
  TO INDENTURE DATED AS OF APRIL 20, 2009] 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  Additional Guarantors as of October 31, 2016 

Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company 
  Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2009 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee, as supplemented by: (i) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.910% Senior Notes due 2017 (the    8.910% Senior Notes   ) by Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the    Issuer   ) and the issuance of related guarantees by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of April 27, 2009; (ii) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.750% Senior Notes due 2019 (the    6.750% Senior Notes   ) by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of September 22, 2009; (iii) the First Supplemental Indenture dated October 27, 2011 (the    First Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, thereby became Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2011 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, thereby became Guarantors) and the Trustee; (v) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vii) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (viii) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vix) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (x) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xi) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xii) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the    Tenth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiii) the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; (xiv) the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Twelfth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; and (xv) the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016 (the    Thirteenth Supplemental  

Indenture   ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended.  

</EX-4.20>

<EX-4.41>
 4
 tol-20161031x10kxex441.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.41

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.41 
  THIS ELEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016 by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each a    Surviving Guarantor    and collectively, the    Surviving Guarantors   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ). 
  WHEREAS  , in connection with the mergers of certain Guarantors (each a "  Merged Guarantor  " as listed on   Schedule B   hereto) with and into the Surviving Guarantors appearing next to such Merged Guarantors on   Schedule B   hereto, each of the Surviving Guarantors is executing and delivering this Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture to affirm its obligations under the Indenture (as defined on   Exhibit A   attached hereto) pursuant to Sections 5.01 and 10.01(1) thereof; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Definitions  .    Capitalized terms used in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including   Exhibit A   attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Joinder  .    Each Surviving Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, such Surviving Guarantor hereby ratifies, approves and confirms in all respects its obligations under the Original Indenture both in its own capacity and as successor to its respective Merged Guarantor. 
  Section 3.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 4.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 5.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture by each Surviving Guarantor shall bind each such Surviving Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 6.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  Section 7.        Governing Law  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 

Section 8.        Counterparts  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 9.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., 
        
    as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO,  
        
    as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

- 2 -     

SCHEDULE A 
    
  SURVIVING GUARANTORS 

51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
  110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
  Belmont Land, L.P. 
  Fairway Valley, Inc. 
  First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
  MA Limited Land Corporation 
  Toll Bros., Inc. 
  Toll CA, L.P. 
  Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
  Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 
  Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
  Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Midwest LLC 
  Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
  Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
  Toll RI GP Corp. 
  Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
  Toll West Coast LLC 
  
   - 3 -     

SCHEDULE B 
    
  LIST OF MERGERS 
    
  MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  Arizona LLC to be merged                Arizona LLC to be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Construction Company LLC        Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  California LP to be merged                California LP to be merged into 
    
  Toll YL, L.P.                    Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  California LLCs to be merged                California LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Golf I Country Club Estates at            Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Golf II Country Club Estates at            Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Paramount Village LLC                Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  Delaware LLCs to be merged                Delaware LLCs to be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Holding Company LLC        Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  First Brandywine LLC III            First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  First Brandywine LLC IV            First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  Florida LPs to be merged                Florida LPs to be merged into 
    
  TBI/Naples Limited Partnership            Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Toll Livingston at Naples Limited Partnership    Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Florida LLCs to be merged                Florida LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Lighthouse Point Land Company LLC        Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
    
  Toll Realty LLC                Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  Illinois LLC to be merged                Illinois LLC to be merged into 
    
  Hawthorn Woods Country Club II LLC        Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 

- 4 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  MD LLCs to be merged                MD LLCs to be merged into           
    
  2301 Fallston Road LLC            Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Arthur s Woods LLC                Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Longmeadow Properties LLC            Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  Phillips Drive LLC                Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  MA LP to be merged                    MA LP to be merged into 
    
  Huckins Farm Limited Partnership        Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  MI LPs to be merged                    MI LPs to be merged into 
    
  Toll at Honey Creek Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  Toll Northville Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  NH LP to be merged                    NH LP to be merged into 
    
  Toll NH Limited Partnership            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NJ LPs to be merged                    NJ LPs to be merged into 
    
  Estates at Rivers Edge, L.P.            MA Limited Land Corporation  
    
  Greenwich Chase, L.P.                Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  West Amwell Limited Partnership        Fairway Valley, Inc. 
    
  NJ LLCs to be merged                    NJ LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Regency at Mansfield I LLC            Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  Regency at Mansfield II LLC            Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  NY LP to be merged                    NY LP to be merged into 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street L.P.                Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NY LLCs to be merged                NY LLCs to be merged into 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue LLC            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue II LLC            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  
   - 5 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC LLC        51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC II LLC        51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 58   th    Street GC LLC            51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street GC II LLC            51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street I LLC                Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC LLC            110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC II LLC            110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  OH LP to be merged                    OH LP to be merged into 
    
  Toll Land XXVI Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  PA LP to be merged                    PA LP to be merged into 
    
  Blue Bell Country Club, L.P.            Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  RI LLC to be merged                    RI LLC to be merged into 
    
  Toll Vanderbilt I LLC                Toll RI GP Corp. 
    
  TN LP to be merged                    TN LP to be merged into 
    
  Wilson Concord, L.P.                Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  VA LPs to be merged                    VA LPs to be merged into 
    
  Farmwell Hunt, L.P.                Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Great Falls Hunt, L.P.                Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
                       
  VA LLCs to be merged                VA LLCs to be merged into 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club I LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club II LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  Prince William Land I LLC            Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
    
  Prince William Land II LLC            Toll Land X Limited Partnership 

- 6 -     

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee, as supplemented by: (i) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the    5.875% Senior Notes   ) by Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the    Issuer   ) and the issuance of related guarantees by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of January 31, 2012; (ii)  the issuance of $119,876,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors in an exchange for a portion of the Issuer s outstanding 6.875% Senior Notes due 2012 and 5.95% Senior Notes due 2013; (iii) the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012 (the    First Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $300,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of April 3, 2013; (v) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2013 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $100,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of the   Issuer   and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of May 8, 2013; (vii) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $350,000,000 principal amount of 4.000% Senior Notes due 2018 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013; (viii) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of November 21, 2013, relating to the $250,000,000 principal amount of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013; (ix) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (x) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xi) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xii) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiv) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October  
  
   - 7 -     

30, 2015 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xv) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of October 30, 2015, relating to the $350,000,000 principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2025 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of October 30, 2015; and (xvi) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligation as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; (xvii) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Tenth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended. 

- 8 -     

</EX-4.41>

<EX-4.42>
 5
 tol-20161031x10kxex442.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.42

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.42 
  THIS TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each an    Additional Guarantor    and collectively, the    Additional Guarantors   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK  MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ).  Capitalized terms used in this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including terms used on Exhibit A attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, by and among the Issuer, Toll Brothers, Inc., as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee (as more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS,   Section 4.04 of the Indenture provides that if in accordance with the provisions of the Revolving Credit Facility the Company adds, or causes to be added, any Subsidiary that was not a Guarantor at the time of execution of the Original Indenture as a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility, such Subsidiary shall contemporaneously become a Guarantor under the Indenture; 
  WHEREAS,   desiring to become a Guarantor under the Indenture, each of the Additional Guarantors is executing and delivering this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Joinder  .    Each Additional Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture , it hereby unconditionally guarantees all of the Issuer s obligations under (i) the 5.875% Senior Notes due February 15, 2022, (ii) the 4.375% Senior Notes due April 15, 2023, (iii) the 4.0% Senior Notes due December 31, 2018, (iv) the 5.625% Senior Notes due January 15, 2024, (v) the 4.875% Senior Notes due November 15, 2025, and (vi) any other Securities of any Series that has the benefit of Guarantees of other Subsidiaries of the Company, and (vi) the Indenture (as it relates to all such Series) on the terms set forth in the Indenture, as if each such Additional Guarantor was a party to the Original Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Twelfth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 3.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 4.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture by each Additional Guarantor shall bind each Additional Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 5.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any  

respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  Section 6.        Governing Law  .  This Twelfth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Twelfth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 
  Section 7.        Counterparts  .  This Twelfth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 8.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO, as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TWELFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
  TO INDENTURE DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 7, 2012] 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  Additional Guarantors as of October 31, 2016 

Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company 
  Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee, as supplemented by: (i) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the    5.875% Senior Notes   ) by Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the    Issuer   ) and the issuance of related guarantees by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of January 31, 2012; (ii)  the issuance of $119,876,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors in an exchange for a portion of the Issuer s outstanding 6.875% Senior Notes due 2012 and 5.95% Senior Notes due 2013; (iii) the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012 (the    First Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $300,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of April 3, 2013; (v) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2013 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $100,000,000 principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 of the   Issuer   and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of May 8, 2013; (vii) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the $350,000,000 principal amount of 4.000% Senior Notes due 2018 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013; (viii) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of November 21, 2013, relating to the $250,000,000 principal amount of 5.625% Senior Notes due 2024 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013; (ix) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (x) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xi) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xii) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xiv)  

the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xv) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of October 30, 2015, relating to the $350,000,000 principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2025 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of October 30, 2015; and (xvi) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligation as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; (xvii) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Tenth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (xviii) the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016 (the    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Twelfth Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended. 

</EX-4.42>

<EX-4.53>
 6
 tol-20161031x10kxex453.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.53

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.53 
  THIS TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016 by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each a    Surviving Guarantor    and collectively, the    Surviving Guarantors   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ). 
  WHEREAS  , in connection with the mergers of certain Guarantors (each a "  Merged Guarantor  " as listed on   Schedule B   hereto) with and into the Surviving Guarantors appearing next to such Merged Guarantors on   Schedule B   hereto, each of the Surviving Guarantors is executing and delivering this Tenth Supplemental Indenture to affirm its obligations under the Indenture (as defined on   Exhibit A   attached hereto) pursuant to Sections 5.01 and 9.01(b) thereof; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Tenth Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Definitions  .    Capitalized terms used in this Tenth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including   Exhibit A   attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Joinder  .    Each Surviving Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, such Surviving Guarantor hereby ratifies, approves and confirms in all respects its obligations under the Original Indenture both in its own capacity and as successor to its respective Merged Guarantor. 
  Section 3.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Tenth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Tenth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 4.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 5.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Tenth Supplemental Indenture by each Surviving Guarantor shall bind each such Surviving Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 6.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Tenth Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  Section 7.        Governing Law  .  This Tenth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Tenth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 

Section 8.        Counterparts  .  This Tenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 9.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Tenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., 
        
    as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO,  
        
    as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

- 2 -     

SCHEDULE A 
    
  SURVIVING GUARANTORS 

51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
  110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
  Belmont Land, L.P. 
  Fairway Valley, Inc. 
  First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
  MA Limited Land Corporation 
  Toll Bros., Inc. 
  Toll CA, L.P. 
  Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
  Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 
  Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD Limited Partnership 
  Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
  Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Midwest LLC 
  Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
  Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
  Toll RI GP Corp. 
  Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
  Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
  Toll West Coast LLC 
  
   - 3 -     

SCHEDULE B 
    
  LIST OF MERGERS 
    
  MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  Arizona LLC to be merged                Arizona LLC will be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Construction Company LLC        Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  California LP to be merged                California LP will be merged into 
    
  Toll YL, L.P.                    Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  California LLCs to be merged                California LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Golf I Country Club Estates at            Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Golf II Country Club Estates at            Toll CA, L.P. 
  Moorpark LLC 
    
  Paramount Village LLC                Toll West Coast LLC 
    
  Delaware LLCs to be merged                Delaware LLCs to be merged into 
    
  C.B.A.Z. Holding Company LLC        Toll VA Member Two, Inc. 
    
  First Brandywine LLC III            First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  First Brandywine LLC IV            First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV 
    
  Florida LPs to be merged                Florida LPs will be merged into 
    
  TBI/Naples Limited Partnership            Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Toll Livingston at Naples Limited Partnership    Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Florida LLCs to be merged                Florida LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Lighthouse Point Land Company LLC        Toll FL III Limited Partnership 
    
  Toll Realty LLC                Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  Illinois LLC to be merged                Illinois LLC to be merged into 
    
  Hawthorn Woods Country Club II LLC        Toll IL HWCC, L.P. 

- 4 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  MD LLCs to be merged                MD LLCs will be merged into           
    
  2301 Fallston Road LLC            Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Arthur s Woods LLC                Toll MD Limited Partnership 
    
  Longmeadow Properties LLC            Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  Phillips Drive LLC                Toll MD III Limited Partnership 
    
  MA LP to be merged                    MA LP will be merged into 
    
  Huckins Farm Limited Partnership        Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  MI LPs to be merged                    MI LPs to be merged into 
    
  Toll at Honey Creek Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  Toll Northville Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  NH LP to be merged                    NH LP will be merged into 
    
  Toll NH Limited Partnership            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NJ LPs to be merged                    NJ LPs to be merged into 
    
  Estates at Rivers Edge, L.P.            MA Limited Land Corporation  
    
  Greenwich Chase, L.P.                Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  West Amwell Limited Partnership        Fairway Valley, Inc. 
    
  NJ LLCs to be merged                    NJ LLCs to be merged into 
    
  Regency at Mansfield I LLC            Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  Regency at Mansfield II LLC            Toll NJ IV, L.P. 
    
  NY LP to be merged                    NY LP to be merged into 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street L.P.                Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  NY LLCs to be merged                NY LLCs to be merged into 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue LLC            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue II LLC            Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc. 
  
   - 5 -     

MERGING GUARANTORS                SURVIVING GUARANTORS 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC LLC        51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  5-01   5-17 48   th    Avenue GC II LLC        51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 58   th    Street GC LLC            51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street GC II LLC            51 N. 8   th    Street L.P. 
    
  51 N. 8   th    Street I LLC                Toll Peppertree, Inc. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC LLC            110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  110-112 Third Ave. GC II LLC            110-112 Third Ave. Realty Corp. 
    
  OH LP to be merged                    OH LP to be merged into 
    
  Toll Land XXVI Limited Partnership        Toll Midwest LLC 
    
  PA LP to be merged                    PA LP to be merged into 
    
  Blue Bell Country Club, L.P.            Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  RI LLC to be merged                    RI LLC to be merged into 
    
  Toll Vanderbilt I LLC                Toll RI GP Corp. 
    
  TN LP to be merged                    TN LP to be merged into 
    
  Wilson Concord, L.P.                Toll Bros., Inc. 
    
  VA LPs to be merged                    VA LPs to be merged into 
    
  Farmwell Hunt, L.P.                Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc. 
    
  Great Falls Hunt, L.P.                Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc.     
                           
  VA LLCs to be merged                    VA LLCs to be merged into 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club I LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  The Ridges at Belmont Country Club II LLC    Belmont Land, L.P. 
    
  Prince William Land I LLC            Toll Land X Limited Partnership 
    
  Prince William Land II LLC            Toll Land X Limited Partnership 

- 6 -     

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2012 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee; (i) the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013 (the    First     Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (ii) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iii) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (v) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (viii) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligation as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; (ix) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ) by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Tenth Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended. 

- 7 -     

</EX-4.53>

<EX-4.54>
 7
 tol-20161031x10kxex454.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.54

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.54 
  THIS ELEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  , dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the    Issuer   ), the parties listed on   Schedule A   hereto (each an    Additional Guarantor    and collectively, the    Additional Guarantor   ) and THE BANK OF NEW YORK  MELLON, as trustee (the    Trustee   ). Capitalized terms used in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including terms used on Exhibit A attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among the Issuer, Toll Brothers, Inc., as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee (as more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto). 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS,   Section 4.10 of the Indenture provides that if in accordance with the provisions of the Revolving Credit Facility the Company adds, or causes to be added, any Subsidiary that was not a Guarantor at the time of execution of the Original Indenture as a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility, such Subsidiary shall contemporaneously become a Guarantor under the Indenture; 
  WHEREAS,   desiring to become a Guarantor under the Indenture, each of the Additional Guarantors is executing and delivering this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture; and  
  WHEREAS,   the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
  NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED: 
  Section 1.  Joinder  .    Each Additional Guarantor agrees that by its entering into this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, it hereby unconditionally guarantees all of the Issuer s obligations under (i) the 0.5% Exchangeable Senior Notes due September 15, 2032, (ii)  any other Securities of any Series that has the benefit of Guarantees of other Subsidiaries of the Company, and (iii) the Indenture (as it relates to all such Series) on the terms set forth in the Indenture, as if each such Additional Guarantor was a party to the Original Indenture. 
  Section 2.        Ratification of Indenture  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
  Section 3.        Effect of Headings  .  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
  Section 4.        Successors and Assigns  .  All covenants and agreements in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture by each Additional Guarantor shall bind each Additional Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
  Section 5.        Separability Clause  .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.        Governing Law  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions.  
  Section 7.        Counterparts  .  This Eleventh Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
  Section 8.        Role of Trustee  .  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.  The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
                     
    TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., as Issuer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Senior Vice President 

THE SURVIVING GUARANTORS NAMED ON 
        
    SCHEDULE A   HERETO, as Guarantors 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph R. Sicree 

Name: Joseph R. Sicree 

Title: Designated Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
      as Trustee 

By: 
    /s/ Laurence J. O'Brien 

Name: Laurence J. O'Brien 

Title: Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ELEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
  TO INDENTURE DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2012] 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  Additional Guarantors as of October 31, 2016 

Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company 
  Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  For purposes of this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, the term  Indenture  shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2012 (the    Original Indenture   ) by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee; (i) the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013 (the    First     Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (ii) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iii) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (iv) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the    Fourth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (v) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Fifth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vi) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the    Sixth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (vii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the    Seventh Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (viii) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the    Eighth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligation as a Guarantor) and the Trustee; (ix) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the    Ninth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee; (x) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016 (the    Tenth Supplemental Indenture   ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors)  and the Trustee; and as may be further supplemented (including by this Eleventh Supplemental Indenture) and/or amended. 

</EX-4.54>

<EX-10.18>
 8
 tol-20161031x10kex1018.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.18 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
  [STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES (____)] 
  NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 

THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION is granted as of [DATE] (the  Effective Date ) by TOLL BROTHERS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) under the Toll Brothers, Inc. [Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (____)] (the  Plan ), to [NAME] (the  Optionee ).    
  W     I     T     N     E     S     S     E     T     H   : 
  1.      Grant  .  As of the Effective Date, the Company granted to the Optionee an option (the  Option ) to purchase on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth all or any part of an aggregate of [TOTAL] shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, (the  Option Shares ), at the purchase price of $[XX.XX] per share (the  Option Price ).  Subject to Section 2 below, the Optionee shall have the cumulative right to exercise the Option, and the Option is only exercisable, with respect to the following number of Option Shares on or after the following dates: 
                           Number of Option Shares 
  that may be purchased on 
  or after [DATE]  : 

Total 
  Option Shares 
    
      [DATE] 
    [DATE] 
    [DATE] 
    [DATE] 
      
      [SHARES] 
    [SHARES] 
    [SHARES] 
    [SHARES] 
    [TOTAL] 

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which the Optionee may purchase Option Shares. 
  2.      Term  .  The Option granted hereunder shall expire in all events at 5:00 p.m. (local Philadelphia, Pennsylvania time) on [DATE], unless sooner terminated as provided in Subparagraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) below. 
   (a)      Voluntary Termination or Dismissal for Cause  .  Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option shall immediately terminate upon termination of the Optionee s employment with the Company and its Affiliates (as defined below) if (i) Optionee voluntarily terminates his or her employment with the Company and its Affiliates or (ii) the Optionee is dismissed from employment with the Company and the Committee (as defined below) finds, after full consideration of the facts presented on behalf of both the Company and the Optionee, that the Optionee was dismissed for Cause (as defined below).  In addition to the immediate termination of the Option, if the Optionee is found by the Committee to have been dismissed for Cause, the Optionee shall automatically forfeit all Option Shares for which the Company has not yet delivered the share certificates upon refund by the Company of the Option Price for such Option Shares.  
  (b)      Dismissal Without Cause  .  The Option shall terminate two (2) weeks after the Optionee s employment with the Company and its Affiliates is terminated by reason of dismissal without Cause. During such two-week period the Optionee may purchase any remaining Option Shares which could  

have been purchased on the date Optionee s employment terminated, but may not purchase any Option Shares which would otherwise first become purchasable during such two-week period.   
  (c)      Disability or Death  .  Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option shall terminate one (1) year after the Optionee s employment with the Company and/or its Affiliates is terminated by reason of the Optionee s Disability or by death.  During such one year period the Optionee (or, as applicable, the Optionee s heirs or legal representative) may purchase any remaining Option Shares which could have been purchased on the date Optionee s employment terminated, but may not purchase any Option Shares which would otherwise become purchasable during such one year period.   
  (d)      Change in Accounting Treatment  .  If the Committee finds that a change in the financial accounting treatment for options granted under the Plan from that in effect on [DATE], when the Plan was adopted, adversely affects the Company or, in the determination of the Committee, may adversely affect the Company in the foreseeable future, the Committee may, in its discretion, set an accelerated termination date for the Option.  In such event, the Committee may take whatever other action, including acceleration of any exercise provisions, it deems necessary. 
  (e)      Change in Control  .  In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full. In addition, in such event the Committee may accelerate the termination date of the Option to a date no earlier than thirty (30) days after notice of such acceleration is given to the Optionee. Upon the giving of any such acceleration notice, the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full. 
  (f)      Definitions  .  For purposes of this Option: (i) the term  Affiliate  shall mean a corporation which is a parent corporation or a subsidiary corporation with respect to the Company within the meaning of section 425(e) or (f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code  (ii) the term  Cause  shall mean a breach by the Optionee of his or her employment or service contract with the Company or an Affiliate, or an act by the Optionee involving any sort of disloyalty to the Company or an Affiliate, including, without limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty in the course of his or her employment or service or a disclosure of trade secrets of the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) the term  Committee  shall refer to the Committee designated to administer the Plan; and (iv) the term  Disability  shall means any condition that constitutes a  disability  as that term is defined in section 22(e)(3) of the Code.   
  3.      Blackout Periods  .  The Committee reserves the right to suspend or limit the Optionee s rights to exercise and sell shares acquired through the exercise of options to comply with the Company s Insider Trading Policy, any applicable law, or at any other times that it deems appropriate. 
  4.      General Rules  .  To the extent otherwise exercisable, this Option may be exercised in whole or in part except that (a) any partial exercise of this Option must be for a round lot of 100 Option Shares or a whole number multiple thereof and (b) this Option may in no event be exercised (i) with respect to fractional shares or (ii) after the expiration of the Option term for any reason under Paragraph 2 hereof.   
  5.      Transfers  .       Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option is transferable by the Optionee only by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution in the event of the Optionee s death, in which event the Option may be exercised by the heirs or legal representatives of the Optionee.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Non-qualified Stock Option may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a  qualified domestic relations order,  within the meaning of Sections 401(a)(13) and 414(p) of the Code or within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income  

Security Act of 1974, as amended.  Any attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or disposition of the Option contrary to the provisions hereof or the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process upon the Option shall be null and void and without effect.  Any exercise of the Option by a person other than the Optionee shall be accompanied by appropriate proofs of the right of such person to exercise the Option. 
  6.      Method of Exercise and Payment  . 
  (a)      Method of Exercise  .  When exercisable under Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3, the Option may be exercised by written notice, pursuant to Paragraph 10, to the Committee specifying the number of Option Shares to be purchased and, unless the Option Shares are covered by a then-current registration statement or a Notification under Regulation A under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Act ) and current registrations under all applicable state securities laws, containing the Optionee s acknowledgement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, that the Optionee (a) is purchasing such Option Shares for investment and not for distribution or resale (other than a distribution or resale which, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company, may be made without violating the registration provisions of the Act), (b) has been advised and understands that (i) the Option Shares have not been registered under the Act and are  restricted securities  within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Act and are subject to restrictions on transfer and (ii) the Company is under no obligation to register the Option Shares under the Act or to take any action which would make available to the Optionee any exemption from such registration, and (c) has been advised and understands that such Option Shares may not be transferred without compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Option Price of the Option Shares being purchased.  Such exercise shall be effective upon the actual receipt by the Committee of such written notice and payment. For these purposes, the Optionee shall be deemed to have made the payment required for exercise of the Option at such time as it is determined that satisfactory arrangements have been made to ensure payment of all amounts as are required to be paid by Optionee in connection with the exercise of the Option.   
  (b)      Medium of Payment  .  An Optionee may pay for Option Shares, and the amount of any tax withholding required under Paragraph 6(c) below, (i) in cash, (ii) by certified check payable to the order of the Company, (iii) by means of arranging through a broker designated by the Company to have the broker remit sufficient proceeds from the sale of such shares, (iv) by means of a net issuance (as described below), (v) by a combination of the foregoing, or (vi) by such other method as the Committee may determine to be appropriate from time to time.  Furthermore, subject to the restrictions described below, payment of the Option Price of the Option Shares being purchased may be made all or in part in shares of the Common Stock of the Company held by the Optionee for more than one year.  If payment is made in whole or in part in shares of the Common Stock, then the Optionee shall deliver to the Company certificates registered in the name of such Optionee representing shares of Common Stock legally and beneficially owned by such Optionee, free of all liens, claims and encumbrances of every kind and having a fair market value on the date of delivery of such notice that is not greater than the product of the Option Price and the number of Option Shares with respect to which such Option is to be exercised, accompanied by stock powers duly endorsed in blank by the record holder of the shares represented by such certificates.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may refuse to accept shares of Common Stock in payment of the Option Price.  In that event, any certificates representing shares of Common Stock which were delivered to the Company shall be returned to the Optionee with notice of the refusal of the Board of Directors to accept such shares in payment of the Option Price.  The Board of Directors may impose such limitations and prohibitions on the use of shares of the Common Stock to exercise an Option as it deems appropriate.   

The Optionee may arrange for exercise of an Option and payment of the Option Price by means of a net issuance of shares as described below, provided, however, that exercise by means of a net issuance shall be permitted only as follows: (x) if the Optionee is an officer (as defined for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at the time of exercise, then a net issuance must be approved in advance by the Committee, and (y) if the Optionee is not an officer (as defined for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at the time of exercise, then a net issuance must be approved in advance by the Committee or, if and to the extent the Committee so determines, the Company s General Counsel or other officer of the Company.  If a net issuance of shares is so approved and the Optionee chooses to exercise in that manner, the exercise of the Option shall be treated as follows:  Upon notice of exercise, the Optionee shall be deemed, as of the date of exercise, to have received all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (or such portion of such shares as corresponds to the portion of the Option being exercised), and shall simultaneously be deemed to have delivered back to the Company that number of such shares as have a fair market value (determined as of the date of exercise) equal to the Option Price required to be paid on exercise of the Option (or portion being exercised) and any additional amounts required to be paid by the Optionee in connection with the exercise of the Option. 
  (c)      Withholding  .  In addition to payment of the Option Price for the Option Shares being purchased, as a condition to the issuance of Option Shares and the delivery of any certificate for such Option shares, the Optionee shall be required to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state and/or local tax withholding requirements arising in connection with the exercise of the Option.  If the Company for any reason does not require the Optionee to make a payment sufficient to satisfy such withholding requirements, any tax withholding payments made by the Company or any Affiliate to any federal, state or local tax authority with respect to the exercise of the Option shall constitute a personal obligation of the Optionee to the Company, payable upon demand or, at the option of the Company, by deduction from future compensation payable to the Optionee.   In addition, at the request of the Optionee, with consent of the committee (which may be unreasonably withheld), or to the extent it is determined by the Committee to be necessary or appropriate in connection with any applicable federal, state or local tax withholding obligations, the Company may withhold a portion of the Option Shares that would otherwise be issuable to the Optionee on the exercise of the Option.  In such event, the portion of the withholding obligation thus satisfied shall be equal to the fair market value of the Option Shares so withheld determined as of the date the Option is exercised.  
  7.      Adjustments on Changes in Common Stock  .  In the event that, prior to the delivery by the Company of all of the Option Shares in respect of which the Option is granted, there shall be an increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock of the Company as a result of a subdivision or consolidation of shares or other capital adjustment, or the payment of a stock dividend or other increase or decrease in such shares, effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, the remaining number of Option Shares still subject to the Option and the Option Price therefor shall be adjusted in a manner determined by the Committee so that the adjusted number of Option Shares and the adjusted Option Price shall be the substantial equivalent of the remaining number of Option Shares still subject to the Option and the Option Price thereof prior to such change.  For purposes of this Paragraph no adjustment shall be made as a result of the issuance of Common Stock upon the conversion of other securities of the Company which are convertible into Common Stock. 
  8.      Legal Requirements  .  If the listing, registration or qualification of the Option Shares upon any securities exchange or under any federal or state law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary as a condition of or in connection with the purchase of such Option Shares, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver the certificates representing the Option Shares as to which the Option has been exercised unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval  

shall have been effected or obtained.  If registration is considered unnecessary by the Company or its counsel, the Company may cause a legend to be placed on the Option Shares being issued calling attention to the fact that they have been acquired for investment and have not been registered. 
  9.      Administration  .  The Option has been granted pursuant to, and is subject to the terms and provisions of, the Plan.  All questions of interpretation and application of the Plan and the Option shall be determined by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.  The Option shall not be treated as an incentive stock option (as such term is defined in section 422(b) of the Code) for federal income tax purposes. 
  10.      Notices  .  Any notice to be given to the Company shall be addressed to the Committee at its principal executive office, and any notice to be given to the Optionee shall be addressed to the Optionee at the address then appearing on the personnel records of the Company or the Affiliate of the Company by which he is employed, or at such other address as either party hereafter may designate in writing to the other.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when deposited in the United States mail, addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified mail, and with proper postage and registration or certification fees prepaid. 
  11.      Employment  .  Nothing herein contained shall affect the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the Optionee s employment, services, responsibilities, duties, or authority to represent the Company or any Affiliate at any time for any reason whatsoever. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has granted this Option as of the day and year first above written. 

TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 

By:    ___________________________ 

ADDENDUM TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION 
    
  Special Rules Applicable to Continuation of Option Following Optionee's Death or Disability,  
  and Providing for Certain Permissible Transfers.   
  This addendum (the  Addendum ), applicable to the Option granted to [NAME] (the  Optionee ), as of [DATE], and effective as of the Effective Date (the  Option ), for the purpose of providing for continued exercisability and vesting of the Option in certain circumstances (set forth below under the heading  Continuation of Option ) and for certain limited rights to transfer the Option (as set forth below under the heading  Transferability ) has been provided with respect to the Option in connection with and as consideration for Optionee's agreement not to engage in certain activities following his or her termination of employment with the Company (as set forth below under the heading  Non-Competition Provisions ).  In recognition of these mutual agreements as set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Optionee hereby agree to the below.  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the award agreement evidencing the Option (the  Option Agreement ). 
  Continuation of Option 
  Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, if the Optionee terminates his or her employment with the Company by reason of his or her death or Disability:   
  A.    The Optionee shall not be treated as having voluntarily terminated his or her employment with the Company;  
  B.     The Option shall continue to be exercisable and to vest pursuant to the provisions of this Addendum and; 
  C.    The Option shall continue in effect following the death or Disability of the Optionee, and shall continue to vest and be exercisable pursuant to the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Option Agreement, except that Optionee s termination of employment by reason of death or Disability shall not be taken into account.   
  The provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, other than Paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) shall continue to apply. 
  Transferability 
  Notwithstanding the limitations on transfers otherwise applicable to this Option, the Option may be transferred by the Optionee in a transaction that qualifies as a Family Transfer (as that term is defined in the Plan), and the Option shall, thereafter, be exercisable by the person or entity receiving the Option pursuant to such Family Transfer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Option shall only be exercisable by a transferee to the same extent and subject to the same terms and conditions as would have applied had no Family Transfer been made. 
  Non-Competition Provisions 
  In order to induce the Company to agree to modify the terms of the Option Agreement, as set forth in this Addendum, Optionee agrees that Optionee shall not, except upon a waiver by the Committee in writing of these requirements, at any time after the Optionee's Disability engage directly or indirectly, as a proprietor,  

equity holder, investor (except as a passive investor holding not more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding capital stock of a publicly held company), lender, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant or representative or in any other capacity in the  Home Building Business .  As used herein, the term  Home Building Business  shall mean any business involved in the acquisition, development or improvement of any real estate for potential residential use or the purchase, construction, development, marketing or sale of single or multi-family residential units or any other business which competes with the Company in the determination of the Committee.   
  The Option shall immediately terminate upon a finding by the Committee, after full consideration of the facts presented on behalf of both the Company and the Optionee, that the Optionee has breached terms of this Addendum.  In such event, in addition to immediate termination of the Option, the Optionee shall automatically forfeit all Option Shares for which the Company has not yet delivered the share certificates upon refund by the Company of the amount paid for such Option Shares.   
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
                           
  By:    ___________________________ 

ADDENDUM TO NON QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION    
    
  Special Rules Applicable to Continuation of Option Following Optionee's Retirement, Death or Disability,  
  and Providing for Certain Permissible Transfers.   
  This addendum (the  Addendum ), applicable to the Option granted to [NAME] (the  Optionee ), as of [DATE], and effective as of the Effective Date (the  Option ), for the purpose of providing for continued exercisability and vesting of the Option in certain circumstances (set forth below under the heading  Continuation of Option ) and for certain limited rights to transfer the Option (as set forth below under the heading  Transferability ) has been provided with respect to the Option in connection with and as consideration for Optionee's agreement not to engage in certain activities following his or her termination of employment with the Company (as set forth below under the heading  Non-Competition Provisions ).  In recognition of these mutual agreements as set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Optionee hereby agree to the below.  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the award agreement evidencing the Option (the  Option Agreement ). 
  Continuation of Option 
  Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, if the Optionee voluntarily terminates his or her employment with the Company on or after attainment of age 62 ( Retirement ), or by reason of his or her death or Disability:   
  A.    The Optionee shall not be treated as having voluntarily terminated his or her employment with the Company;  
  B.     The Option shall continue to be exercisable and to vest pursuant to the provisions of this Addendum and; 
  C.    The Option shall continue in effect following the death, Disability or Retirement of the Optionee, and shall continue to vest and be exercisable pursuant to the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Option Agreement, except that Optionee s termination of employment by reason of death, Disability or Retirement shall not be taken into account.   
  The provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, other than Paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) shall continue to apply. 
  Transferability 
  Notwithstanding the limitations on transfers otherwise applicable to this Option, the Option may be transferred by the Optionee in a transaction that qualifies as a Family Transfer (as that term is defined in the Plan), and the Option shall, thereafter, be exercisable by the person or entity receiving the Option pursuant to such Family Transfer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Option shall only be exercisable by a transferee to the same extent and subject to the same terms and conditions as would have applied had no Family Transfer been made. 

Non-Competition Provisions 
  In order to induce the Company to agree to modify the terms of the Option Agreement, as set forth in this Addendum, Optionee agrees that Optionee shall not, except upon a waiver by the Committee in writing of these requirements, at any time after the Optionee's Disability or Retirement engage directly or indirectly, as a proprietor, equity holder, investor (except as a passive investor holding not more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding capital stock of a publicly held company), lender, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant or representative or in any other capacity in the  Home Building Business .  As used herein, the term  Home Building Business  shall mean any business involved in the acquisition, development or improvement of any real estate for potential residential use or the purchase, construction, development, marketing or sale of single or multi-family residential units or any other business which competes with the Company in the determination of the Committee.   
  The Option shall immediately terminate upon a finding by the Committee, after full consideration of the facts presented on behalf of both the Company and the Optionee, that the Optionee has breached terms of this Addendum.  In such event, in addition to immediate termination of the Option, the Optionee shall automatically forfeit all Option Shares for which the Company has not yet delivered the share certificates upon refund by the Company of the amount paid for such Option Shares.   
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 

By:    ___________________________ 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 9
 tol-20161031x10kxex1019.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.19 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC.       [STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES (____)] 
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE BASED) 
    
  This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this  Agreement ) documents the grant of __________ Restricted Stock Units (the  RSUs ) by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the  Company ) pursuant to the terms of the Toll Brothers, Inc. [Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (____)] (the  Plan ), on this ____ day of _________ (the  Date of Grant ) to ____________ (the  Grantee ).  Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, each RSU represents the right to receive one share of Common Stock at the date specified herein, or such greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock  as provided in Schedule A hereto (the  Shares ). 
  1.  Definitions  .  All capitalized terms contained in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein or as may be required by the context.   
  2.  Performance-Based Vesting  .  The RSUs shall, except to the extent greater vesting is provided for under the terms of the Plan or as set forth in this Agreement, become vested and Grantee shall be entitled to receipt of the Shares subject to the RSUs only if the performance metrics, if any, described in Paragraph 1 of Schedule A, attached hereto and made a part hereof, are satisfied; and only if Grantee satisfies such continuing service requirements and conditions as are provided in Paragraph 2 of Schedule A.   
  3.  Vesting Upon Death or Disability; Retirement  .   
  (a)        Death or Disability  .  Notwithstanding any of the provisions in Section 2, the RSUs shall become fully vested in the event the Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates by reason of the Grantee s death, or by reason of the Grantee s  disability  (as hereinafter defined), with the RSU vesting based on (i) deemed Target level performance if the termination occurs during the Performance Period or (ii) actual performance during the Performance Period if the termination occurs following the end of the Performance Period. 
  For purposes of this Agreement, the term  disability  shall mean any condition that would qualify as a  disability  as that term is defined in the Plan, or any other condition that the Committee determines to be a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected (a) to prevent the Grantee from being able to perform his usual duties (or another job deemed appropriate by the Committee taking into account the Grantee's education, prior experience and past earnings) and (b) to last for one year or longer.  
  (b)        Retirement  . Notwithstanding any of the provisions in Section 2, in the event the Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates due to Grantee s voluntary termination on or after attainment of age 62 following completion of at least ten years of service with the Company ( Retirement ) (x) during the Performance Period, the Grantee shall remain eligible to earn a pro-rated portion of the RSUs that otherwise would have become vested RSUs as described in Schedule A (based on actual performance over the Performance Period) based on the Grantee s number of days of completed service within the Performance Period through the Retirement date or (y) following completion of the Performance Period but prior to the end of the Service Vesting Period, the Grantee shall remain entitled to receive all of  the earned RSUs (based on actual performance over the Performance Period). 

4.  Vesting Upon Change of Control  .  Notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 2, the RSUs shall become fully vested in the event there is a Change of Control while Grantee is employed by or a member of the Board of the Company, with the RSU vesting based on (i) deemed Target level performance if the Change of Control occurs during the Performance Period or (ii) actual performance during the Performance Period if the Change of Control occurs following the end of the Performance Period. 
  5.  Delivery of Shares  .  The Shares shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), as follows:   
  (a)        If the  RSUs become vested under Section 2 or 3(b), the Shares subject to the vested RSUs shall be delivered at the time set forth in Section 2 of Schedule A;  
  (b)        If the RSUs become vested under Section 4, the Shares subject to the RSUs shall be delivered upon the occurrence of a Change of Control; provided, however, that the event that constitutes a Change of Control also constitutes a change in ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company that permits a payment of deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
  (c)        If the RSUs become vested under Section 3(a), the Shares subject to the RSUs shall be delivered on the date of Grantee s termination of employment with, or as a member of the Board of, the Company due to death or disability; provided, however, that delivery of the Shares by reason of Grantee s termination of employment shall be delayed until the six (6) month anniversary of the date of Grantee s termination of employment if and to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(B)(i), and the determination of whether or not there has been a termination of Grantee s employment with the Company shall be made by the Committee consistent with the definition of  separation from service  (as that phrase is used for purposes of Code Section 409A, and as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)).   
  The Company shall, without payment from Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution) for the Shares, other than any required withholding taxes, as provided in Section 10, below, (i) deliver to Grantee (or such other person) a certificate for the Shares being delivered or (ii) if consented to by Grantee (or such other person), deliver electronically to an account designated by Grantee (or such other person) the Shares being delivered, in either case without any legend or restrictions, except for such restrictions as may be imposed by the Committee, in its sole judgment, consistent with the terms of the Plan.  The Company may condition delivery of the Shares upon the prior receipt from Grantee (or such other person) of any undertakings which it may determine are required to assure that the Shares being delivered are being issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws.  The right to any fractional Shares shall be satisfied in cash, measured by the product of the fractional amount times the fair market value of a Share on the date the Share would otherwise have been delivered, as determined by the Committee.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a Change of Control, the Grantee shall receive, at the time that delivery of the Shares is provided for hereunder, the Shares and/or such other property or other consideration as is appropriate so that the Grantee receives, as of such date of delivery, whatever the Grantee would have received had the Grantee held the Shares at the time of the Change of Control. 
  6.  Dividends  .  Grantee shall not be entitled to any cash, securities or property that would have been paid or distributed as dividends with respect to the Shares subject to this Agreement prior to the date the Shares are delivered to Grantee; provided, however, that the Company shall keep a hypothetical account in which any such items shall be recorded, and shall pay to Grantee the amount of such dividends in kind on the same date that the Shares to which such payments or distributions relate are required to be delivered under this Agreement. 

7.  Forfeiture  .  If Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates for any reason other than death, disability or Retirement, then upon that termination Grantee shall forfeit all RSUs that have not become vested on or before the date of such termination, and no Shares shall be delivered nor payment made in respect of such RSUs.  This Section shall not affect Grantee s rights under Section 4, if applicable. 
  8.  Non-Transferability of the RSUs  .  Grantee shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of the RSUs at any time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantee s death, the RSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.    
  9.  Rights of Grantee  .  Grantee shall have none of the rights of a shareholder at any time prior to the delivery of the Shares subject to this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in the Plan or herein.   
  10.  Withholding Taxes  .  Grantee shall be responsible to pay to the Company the amount of withholding taxes as determined by the Company on the date the Shares are delivered.  At the Grantee's option, Grantee shall have the right to relinquish to the Company a portion of the Shares having a fair market value, based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE on such delivery date, equal to the amount the Grantee would otherwise be required to pay to the Company on such delivery date by reason of applicable withholding taxes, in lieu of paying that amount to the Company in cash.  Grantee authorizes the Company to withhold in accordance with applicable law from any compensation payable to him or her any taxes required to be withheld for federal, state or local law in connection with this Agreement. 
  11.  Notices  .  Any notice to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in care of the Committee to the office of the General Counsel, at the Company s main offices.  All notices under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when hand delivered or mailed, first class postage prepaid, and shall be irrevocable once given.   
  12.  Securities Laws  .  The Committee may from time to time impose any conditions on the Shares as it deems necessary or advisable to ensure that Shares are issued and resold in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   
  13.  Grant of RSU Not to Affect Service  .  The grant of the RSUs shall not confer upon Grantee any right to continue as an employee of the Company or to serve in any other capacity for the Company or any Affiliate.  
  14.  Amendment to Agreement; Acceleration  .  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Committee shall have the authority to amend or modify the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement if the Committee determines, at its discretion, that any such amendment or modification is necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement may not be changed in a manner that is unfavorable to Grantee without Grantee s consent.  
  15.  Miscellaneous  .  
  (a)        The address for Grantee to which notice, demands and other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions hereof shall be Grantee s address as reflected in the Company s personnel records.  
  (b)        Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, included in which is a summary of the terms of the Plan.  The summary contained therein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Plan, copies of which are available with the Company s public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov, or by oral or written request directed to the Company.  Grantee represents that he is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan,  

and hereby accepts the RSUs, subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.  Grantee agrees to hereby accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.   
  (c)        This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and shall become effective when one or more counterparts taken together bears the signature of all the parties listed below. 
  (d)        The validity, performance, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has granted this Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC.                GRANTEE: 
    
  By:  _______________________________        _____________________________ 

SCHEDULE A 

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

1.    [Description of Performance Metrics] 

2.    [Description of Payment Dates] 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 10
 tol-20161031x10kxex1020.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.20 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC.       [STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES (____)] 
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT  
  (TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE BASED) 
    
  This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this  Agreement ) documents the grant of a number of Restricted Stock Units (the  RSUs ) as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the  Company ) pursuant to the terms of the Toll Brothers, Inc. [Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (____)] (the  Plan ), on this _____ day of ________________ (the  Date of Grant ) to ______________ (the  Grantee ).  Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, each RSU represents the right to receive one share of Common Stock at the date specified herein, or such greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock  as provided in Schedule A hereto (the  Shares ). 
  1.  Definitions  .  All capitalized terms contained in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein (including Schedule A) or as may be required by the context. 
  1.  Performance-Based Vesting  .  The RSUs shall, except to the extent greater vesting is provided for under the terms of the Plan or as set forth in this Agreement, become vested and Grantee shall be entitled to receipt of the Shares subject to the RSUs only if the performance metrics described in Schedule A, attached hereto and made a part hereof, are satisfied; subject to the Grantee s continued employment through the Performance Measurement Date.   
  2.  Vesting Upon Death or Disability; Retirement  .   
  (a)        Death or Disability  . Notwithstanding any of the provisions in Section 1, the Target Award with respect to any non-completed TSR Measurement Period shall become fully vested in the event the Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates by reason of the Grantee s death, or by reason of the Grantee s  disability  (as hereinafter defined) prior to the Performance Measurement Date. 
  For purposes of this Agreement, the term  disability  shall mean any condition that would qualify as a  disability  as that term is defined in the Plan, or any other condition that the Committee determines to be a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected (a) to prevent the Grantee from being able to perform his usual duties (or another job deemed appropriate by the Committee taking into account the Grantee's education, prior experience and past earnings) and (b) to last for one year or longer.  
  (b)        Retirement  .  Notwithstanding any of the provisions in Section 1, in the event the Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates due to Grantee s voluntary termination on or after attainment of age 62 ( Retirement ) prior to the Performance Measurement Date, the Grantee shall remain eligible to earn a pro-rated portion of the RSUs that otherwise would have become Vested RSUs as described in Schedule A (based on actual performance over the full TSR Measurement Period) based on the Grantee s number of days of completed service within the TSR Measurement Period through the Retirement date. 
  3.  Vesting Upon Change of Control  .  Notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 2, the Target Award with respect to any non-completed TSR Measurement Period shall become fully vested  

in the event there is a Change of Control while Grantee is employed by or a member of the Board of the Company. 
  4.  Delivery of Shares  .  The Shares shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), as follows:   
  (a)        If the  RSUs become vested under Sections 1 or 2(b), the Shares subject to the Vested RSUs shall be delivered at the time set forth in Section 4 of Schedule A;  
  (b)        If the RSUs become vested under Section 3, the Shares subject to the RSUs shall be delivered upon the occurrence of a Change of Control; and 
  (c)        If the RSUs become vested under Section 2(a), the Shares subject to the RSUs shall be delivered on the date of Grantee s termination of employment with, or as a member of the Board of, the Company due to death or disability; provided, however, that delivery of the Shares by reason of Grantee s termination of employment shall be delayed until the six (6) month anniversary of the date of Grantee s termination of employment if and to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(B)(i), and the determination of whether or not there has been a termination of Grantee s employment with the Company shall be made by the Committee consistent with the definition of  separation from service  (as that phrase is used for purposes of Code Section 409A, and as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)).   
  (i)        The Company shall, without payment from Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution) for the Shares, other than any required withholding taxes, as provided in Section 10, below, (i) deliver to Grantee (or such other person) a certificate for the Shares being delivered or (ii) if consented to by Grantee (or such other person), deliver electronically to an account designated by Grantee (or such other person) the Shares being delivered, in either case without any legend or restrictions, except for such restrictions as may be imposed by the Committee, in its sole judgment, consistent with the terms of the Plan.  The Company may condition delivery of the Shares upon the prior receipt from Grantee (or such other person) of any undertakings which it may determine are required to assure that the Shares being delivered are being issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws.  The right to any fractional Shares shall be satisfied in cash, measured by the product of the fractional amount times the fair market value of a Share on the date the Share would otherwise have been delivered, as determined by the Committee.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a Change of Control, the Grantee shall receive, at the time that delivery of the Shares is provided for hereunder, the Shares and/or such other property or other consideration as is appropriate so that the Grantee receives, as of such date of delivery, whatever the Grantee would have received had the Grantee held the Shares at the time of the Change of Control. 
  5.  Dividends  .  Grantee shall not be entitled to any cash, securities or property that would have been paid or distributed as dividends with respect to the Shares subject to this Agreement prior to the date the Shares are delivered to Grantee; provided, however, that the Company shall keep a hypothetical account in which any such items shall be recorded, and shall pay to Grantee the amount of such dividends in kind on the same date and to the same extent (if at all) that the Shares to which such payments or distributions relate are required to be delivered under this Agreement. 
  6.  Forfeiture  .  If Grantee s service as an employee or as a member of the Board of the Company terminates for any reason other than death, disability or Retirement, then upon that termination Grantee shall forfeit all RSUs that have not become vested on or before the date of such termination, and no Shares shall be delivered nor payment made in respect of such RSUs.  This Section shall not affect Grantee s rights under Section 4, if applicable. 

7.  Non-Transferability of the RSUs  .  Grantee shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of the RSUs at any time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantee s death, the RSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.    
  8.  Rights of Grantee  .  Grantee shall have none of the rights of a shareholder at any time prior to the delivery of the Shares subject to this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in the Plan or herein.   
  9.  Withholding Taxes  .  Grantee shall be responsible to pay to the Company the amount of withholding taxes as determined by the Company on the date the Shares are delivered.  At the Grantee's option, Grantee shall have the right to relinquish to the Company a portion of the Shares having a fair market value, based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE on such delivery date, equal to the amount the Grantee would otherwise be required to pay to the Company on such delivery date by reason of applicable withholding taxes, in lieu of paying that amount to the Company in cash.  Grantee authorizes the Company to withhold in accordance with applicable law from any compensation payable to him or her any taxes required to be withheld for federal, state or local law in connection with this Agreement. 
  10.  Notices  .  Any notice to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in care of the Committee to the office of the General Counsel, at the Company s main offices.  All notices under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when hand delivered or mailed, first class postage prepaid, and shall be irrevocable once given.   
  11.  Securities Laws  .  The Committee may from time to time impose any conditions on the Shares as it deems necessary or advisable to ensure that Shares are issued and resold in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   
  12.  Grant of RSU Not to Affect Service  .  The grant of the RSUs shall not confer upon Grantee any right to continue as an employee of the Company or to serve in any other capacity for the Company or any Affiliate.  
  13.  Amendment to Agreement; Acceleration  .  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Committee shall have the authority to amend or modify the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement if the Committee determines, at its discretion, that any such amendment or modification is necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement may not be changed in a manner that is unfavorable to Grantee without Grantee s consent.  
  14.  Miscellaneous  .  
  (a)        The address for Grantee to which notice, demands and other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions hereof shall be Grantee s address as reflected in the Company s personnel records.  
  (b)        Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, included in which is a summary of the terms of the Plan.  The summary contained therein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Plan, copies of which are available with the Company s public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov, or by oral or written request directed to the Company.  Grantee represents that he is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan, and hereby accepts the RSUs, subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.  Grantee agrees to hereby accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.   
  (c)        This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and shall become effective when one or more counterparts taken together bears the signature of all the parties listed below. 

(d)        The validity, performance, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has granted this Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC.                GRANTEE: 
    
  By:  _______________________________        _____________________________ 

SCHEDULE A 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN 
  PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

Target Award:  ____________RSUs 

1.    [Definitions] 

2.  [Performance Vesting Condition] 

3.  [Determination of Award] 

4. 
    [Settlement of RSUs] 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.26>
 11
 tol-20161031x10kxex1026.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.26

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.26 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
  [STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (____)] 
  NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 
  THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION is granted as of [DATE] (the  Effective Date ) by TOLL BROTHERS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) under the Toll Brothers, Inc. [Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Executive Directors (____)] (the  Plan ), to [NAME] (the  Optionee ).    
  W     I     T     N     E     S     S     E     T     H   : 
  1.      Grant  .  As of the Effective Date, the Company granted to the Optionee an option (the  Option ) to purchase on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth all or any part of an aggregate of [TOTAL] shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, (the  Option Shares ), at the purchase price of $[XX.XX] per share (the  Option Price ).  The Optionee shall have the cumulative right to exercise the Option, and the Option is only exercisable, with respect to the following number of Option Shares on or after the following dates: 
                           Number of Option Shares 
  that may be purchased on 
  or after [DATE]  : 

Total 
  Option Shares 
    
      [DATE] 
      
    [DATE] 

[SHARES] 
      
    [SHARES] 
      
    [TOTAL] 

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which the Optionee may purchase Option Shares. 
  2.      Term  .  The Option granted hereunder shall expire in all events at 5:00 p.m. (local Philadelphia, Pennsylvania time) on [DATE], unless sooner terminated as provided in Subparagraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) below. 
  (a)      Leaving Board of Directors.    Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option shall terminate three (3) months after the Optionee ceases to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ) for any reason other than provided in Paragraph 2(b) below.  During such three month period the Optionee may purchase any remaining Option Shares which could have been purchased on the date Optionee s service terminated, but may not purchase any Option Shares which would otherwise first become purchasable during such three month period.   
  (b)      Disability or Death  .  Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option shall terminate one (1) year after the Optionee s employment with the Company and/or its Affiliates is terminated by reason of the Optionee s Disability or by death.  During such one year period the Optionee (or, as applicable, the Optionee s heirs or legal representative) may purchase any remaining Option Shares which could have been purchased on the date Optionee s employment terminated, but may not purchase any Option Shares which would otherwise become purchasable during such one year period.   

(c)      Change in Accounting Treatment  .  If the Committee finds that a change in the financial accounting treatment for options granted under the Plan from that in effect on [DATE], when the Plan was adopted, adversely affects the Company or, in the determination of the Committee, may adversely affect the Company in the foreseeable future, the Committee may, in its discretion, set an accelerated termination date for the Option.  In such event, the Committee may take whatever other action, including acceleration of any exercise provisions, it deems necessary. 
  (d)      Change in Control  .  In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full. In addition, in such event the Committee may accelerate the termination date of the Option to a date no earlier than thirty (30) days after notice of such acceleration is given to the Optionee. Upon the giving of any such acceleration notice, the Option shall become immediately exercisable in full. 
  (e)      Definitions  .  For purposes of this Option: (i) the term  Affiliate  shall mean a corporation which is a parent corporation or a subsidiary corporation with respect to the Company within the meaning of section 425(e) or (f) of the Code; (ii) the term  Cause  shall mean a breach by the Optionee of his or her employment or service contract with the Company or an Affiliate, or an act by the Optionee involving any sort of disloyalty to the Company or an Affiliate, including, without limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty in the course of his or her employment or service or a disclosure of trade secrets of the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) the term  Committee  shall refer to the Committee designated to administer the Plan; and (iv) the term Disabliity shall means any condition that constitutes a  disability  as that term is defined in section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).   
  3.      General Rules  .  To the extent otherwise exercisable, this Option may be exercised in whole or in part except that (a) any partial exercise of this Option must be for a round lot of 100 Option Shares or a whole number multiple thereof and (b) this Option may in no event be exercised (i) with respect to fractional shares or (ii) after the expiration of the Option term for any reason under Paragraph 2 hereof.   
  4.      Transfers  .  Except as otherwise provided herein or in any separate provisions applicable to this Option, the Option is transferable by the Optionee only by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution in the event of the Optionee s death, in which event the Option may be exercised by the heirs or legal representatives of the Optionee.  Any attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or disposition of the Option contrary to the provisions hereof or the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process upon the Option shall be null and void and without effect.  Any exercise of the Option by a person other than the Optionee shall be accompanied by appropriate proofs of the right of such person to exercise the Option. 
  5.      Method of Exercise and Payment  . 
  (a)      Method of Exercise  .  When exercisable under Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3, the Option may be exercised by written notice, pursuant to Paragraph 9, to the Committee specifying the number of Option Shares to be purchased and, unless the Option Shares are covered by a then-current registration statement or a Notification under Regulation A under the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Act ) and current registrations under all applicable state securities laws, containing the Optionee s acknowledgement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, that the Optionee (a) is purchasing such Option Shares for investment and not for distribution or resale (other than a distribution or resale which, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company, may be made without violating the registration provisions of the Act), (b) has been advised and understands that (i) the Option Shares have not been registered under the Act and are  restricted securities  within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Act and are subject to restrictions on  

transfer and (ii) the Company is under no obligation to register the Option Shares under the Act or to take any action which would make available to the Optionee any exemption from such registration, and (c) has been advised and understands that such Option Shares may not be transferred without compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Option Price of the Option Shares being purchased.  Such exercise shall be effective upon the actual receipt by the Committee of such written notice and payment. For these purposes, the Optionee shall be deemed to have made the payment required for exercise of the Option at such time as it is determined that satisfactory arrangements have been made to ensure payment of all amounts as are required to be paid by Optionee in connection with the exercise of the Option.   
  (b)      Medium of Payment  .  An Optionee may pay for Option Shares, and the amount of any tax withholding required, (i) in cash, (ii) by certified check payable to the order of the Company, (iii) by means of arranging through a broker designated by the Company to have the broker remit sufficient proceeds from the sale of such shares, (iv) by means of a net issuance (as described below), (v) by a combination of the foregoing, or (vi) by such other method as the Committee may determine to be appropriate from time to time.  Furthermore, subject to the restrictions described below, payment of the Option Price of the Option Shares being purchased may be made all or in part in shares of the Common Stock of the Company held by the Optionee for more than one year.  If payment is made in whole or in  part in shares of the Common Stock, then the Optionee shall (1) deliver to the Company certificates registered in the name of such Optionee representing shares of Common Stock legally and beneficially owned by such Optionee, free of all liens, claims and encumbrances of every kind and having a fair market value on the date of delivery of such notice that is not greater than the product of the Option Price and the number of Option Shares with respect to which such Option is to be exercised, accompanied by stock powers duly endorsed in blank by the record holder of the shares represented by such certificates or (2) attest to his ownership of shares of Common Stock having a fair market value on the date of exercise at least equal to the options being exercised.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may refuse to accept shares of Common Stock in payment of the Option Price.  In that event, any certificates representing shares of Common Stock which were delivered to the Company shall be returned to the Optionee with notice of the refusal of the Board of Directors to accept such shares in payment of the Option Price.  The Board of Directors may impose such limitations and prohibitions on the use of shares of the Common Stock to exercise an Option as it deems appropriate.   
  The Optionee may arrange for exercise of an Option and payment of the Option Price by means of a net issuance of shares as described below, provided, however, that exercise by means of a net issuance shall be permitted only if approved in advance by the Committee.  If a net issuance of shares is so approved and the Optionee chooses to exercise in that manner, the exercise of the Option shall be treated as follows:  Upon notice of exercise, the Optionee shall be deemed, as of the date of exercise, to have received all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option (or such portion of such shares as corresponds to the portion of the Option being exercised), and shall simultaneously be deemed to have delivered back to the Company that number of such shares as have a fair market value (determined as of the date of exercise) equal to the Option Price required to be paid on exercise of the Option (or portion being exercised). 
  6.      Adjustments on Changes in Common Stock  .  In the event that, prior to the delivery by the Company of all of the Option Shares in respect of which the Option is granted, there shall be an increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock of the Company as a result of a subdivision or consolidation of shares or other capital adjustment, or the payment of a stock dividend or other increase or decrease in such shares, effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, the remaining number of Option Shares still subject to the Option and the Option Price therefor shall be adjusted in a manner determined by the Committee so that the adjusted number of Option Shares and the adjusted Option Price  

shall be the substantial equivalent of the remaining number of Option Shares still subject to the Option and the Option Price thereof prior to such change.  For purposes of this Paragraph no adjustment shall be made as a result of the issuance of Common Stock upon the conversion of other securities of the Company which are convertible into Common Stock. 
  7.      Legal Requirements  .  If the listing, registration or qualification of the Option Shares upon any securities exchange or under any federal or state law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary as a condition of or in connection with the purchase of such Option Shares, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver the certificates representing the Option Shares as to which the Option has been exercised unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained.  If registration is considered unnecessary by the Company or its counsel, the Company may cause a legend to be placed on the Option Shares being issued calling attention to the fact that they have been acquired for investment and have not been registered. 
  8.      Administration  .  The Option has been granted pursuant to, and is subject to the terms and provisions of, the Plan.  All questions of interpretation and application of the Plan and the Option shall be determined by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.  The Option shall not be treated as an incentive stock option (as such term is defined in section 422(b) of the Code) for federal income tax purposes. 
  9.      Notices  .  Any notice to be given to the Company shall be addressed to the Committee at its principal executive office, and any notice to be given to the Optionee shall be addressed to the Optionee at the address then appearing on the personnel records of the Company or the Affiliate of the Company by which he is employed, or at such other address as either party hereafter may designate in writing to the other.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when deposited in the United States mail, addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified mail, and with proper postage and registration or certification fees prepaid. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has granted this Option as of the day and year first above written. 

TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 

By:    ___________________________ 

ADDENDUM TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION 
    
  Special Rules Applicable to Continuation of Option Following Optionee's Retirement, Death or Disability, and Providing for Certain Permissible Transfers.   
  This addendum (the  Addendum ), applicable to the Option granted to [NAME] (the  Optionee ), as of [DATE], and effective as of the Effective Date (the  Option ), for the purpose of providing for continued exercisability and vesting of the Option in certain circumstances (set forth below under the heading  Continuation of Option ) and for certain limited rights to transfer the Option (as set forth below under the heading  Transferability ) has been provided with respect to the Option in connection with and as consideration for Optionee's agreement not to engage in certain activities following his termination of service as a member of the Board (as set forth below under the heading  Non-Competition Provisions ).  In recognition of these mutual agreements as set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Optionee hereby agree to the below.  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the award agreement evidencing the Option (the  Option Agreement ). 
  Continuation of Option 
  Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, if the Optionee voluntarily terminates his service as a member of the Board on or after attainment of age 62 ( Retirement ), or by reason of his death or Disability:   
  A.    The Optionee shall not be treated as having voluntarily terminated his service as a Board member; 
  B.     The Option shall continue to be exercisable and to vest pursuant to the provisions of this Addendum; and. 
  C.    The Option shall continue in effect following the death, Disability or Retirement of the Optionee, and shall continue to vest and be exercisable pursuant to the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Option Agreement, except that Optionee s termination of service by reason of death, Disability or Retirement shall not be taken into account.   
  The provisions of Paragraph 2 of the Option Agreement, other than Paragraphs 2(a), and (b) shall continue to apply. 
  Transferability 
  Notwithstanding the limitations on transfers otherwise applicable to this Option, the Option may be transferred by the Optionee in a transaction that qualifies as a Family Transfer (as that term is defined in the Plan), and the Option shall, thereafter, be exercisable by the person or entity receiving the Option pursuant to such Family Transfer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Option shall only be exercisable by a transferee to the same extent and subject to the same terms and conditions as would have applied had no Family Transfer been made. 
  Non-Competition Provisions 
  In order to induce the Company to agree to modify the terms of the Option Agreement, as set forth in this Addendum, Optionee agrees that Optionee shall not, except upon a waiver by the Committee in writing of these requirements, at any time after the Optionee's Disability or Retirement engage directly or indirectly, as a proprietor, equity holder, investor (except as a passive investor holding not more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding capital stock of a publicly held company), lender, partner, director, officer, employee, consultant or representative or in any other capacity in the  Home Building Business .  As used herein, the term  Home Building Business  shall mean any business involved in the acquisition, development or improvement of any real estate for potential residential use or the purchase, construction, development, marketing or sale of single or multi-family residential units or any other business which competes with the Company in the determination of the Committee.   
  The Option shall immediately terminate upon a finding by the Committee, after full consideration of the facts presented on behalf of both the Company and the Optionee, that the Optionee has breached terms of this Addendum.  In such event, in addition to immediate termination of the Option, the Optionee shall automatically forfeit all Option Shares for which the Company has not yet delivered the share certificates upon refund by the Company of the amount paid for such Option Shares.   
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 

By:    ___________________________ 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 12
 tol-20161031x10kxex1027.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.27 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
  [STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (____)]      RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
  This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the  RSU  or  RSU Agreement ) documents the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock at the date specified herein.  This RSU relates to [TOTAL] shares of Common Stock (the  Shares ), and is granted on this [DATE] (the  Date of Grant ) to [NAME] (the  Grantee ), and is subject to all applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Toll Brothers, Inc. [Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Executive Directors (____)] (the  Plan ). 
  1.  Definitions  .  All capitalized terms contained in this RSU Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein or as may be required by the context.   
  2.  Non-Transferability of this RSU  .  Grantee shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of this RSU at any time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantee s death, this RSU may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.    
  3.  Vesting  .  Grantee s rights under this RSU shall, except to the extent greater vesting is provided for under the terms of the Plan or as set forth in this RSU Agreement, become vested as follows:  This RSU shall become vested with respect to [XX]% of the Shares on each of the first [NUMBER] anniversary dates of the Date of Grant on which Grantee continues service as a member of the Board.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantee shall become vested with respect to 100% of this RSU if:  
  (a)        Grantee s service as a Board member with the Company terminates due to Grantee s death, or by reason of Grantee s  disability  (as hereinafter defined);  
  (b)        Grantee s service as a Board member with the Company terminates on or after attainment of age 62 ( retirement  or   
  (c)        There is a Change of Control while Grantee is a member of the Board of the Company.  
  For purposes of this RSU Agreement, the term  Change of Control  has the meaning provided under the Plan without regard to Clause (i) thereof. 
  For purposes of this RSU Agreement, the term  disability  shall mean any condition that would qualify as a  disability  as that term is defined in the Plan, or any other condition that the Committee determines to be a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected (a) to prevent the Grantee from being able to perform his usual duties (or another job deemed appropriate by the Committee taking into account the Grantee's education, prior experience and past earnings) and (b) to last for one year or longer. 
  4.  Dividends  .  Grantee shall not be entitled to any cash, securities or property that would have been paid or distributed as dividends with respect to the Shares subject to this RSU Agreement prior to the date the Shares are delivered to Grantee; provided, however, that the Company shall keep a hypothetical account in which any such items shall be recorded, and shall pay to Grantee the amount of  
  
   1 

such dividends in kind on the same date that the Shares to which such payments or distributions relate are delivered to Grantee (or forfeited).  
    
  5.  Delivery of Shares  .   
  (a)        Full Vesting  .  Upon full vesting of this RSU, Shares shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), on or as soon as administratively practicable after, the first to occur of the following:   
  (i)        The date that is 30 days following the [NUMBER] anniversary of the Date of Grant; 
  (ii)        The occurrence of a Change of Control; 
  (iii)        The date that is 30 days following the date the  Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board due to Grantee s death or disability;  or 
  (iv)        The date that is six months and one day following the date the Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board due to the Grantee s retirement. 
  (b)        Partial Vesting  .  If Grantee ceases being a member of the Board due to voluntary or involuntary termination  prior to Grantee s rights under this RSU Agreement becoming fully vested, then Shares to the extent vested shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), on or as soon as administratively practicable after, 30 days following Grantee s last day as a member of the Board, provided, however, that delivery of such Shares by reason of Grantee s ceasing to be a member of the Board shall be delayed until the six (6) month anniversary of the date of Grantee s ceasing to be a member of the Board to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(B)(i), and the determination of whether or not Grantee has ceased to be a member of the Board shall be made by the Committee consistent with the definition of  separation from service  (as that phrase is used for purposes of Code Section 409A, and as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)).   
  The Company shall, without payment from Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution) for the Shares (i) deliver to Grantee (or such other person) a certificate for the Shares being delivered or (ii) if consented to by Grantee (or such other person), deliver electronically to an account designated by Grantee (or such other person) the Shares being delivered, in either case without any legend or restrictions, except for such restrictions as may be imposed by the Committee, in its sole judgment, consistent with the terms of the Plan.  The Company may condition delivery of the Shares upon the prior receipt from Grantee (or such other person) of any undertakings which it may determine are required to assure that the Shares being delivered are being issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws.  The right to any fractional Shares shall be satisfied in cash, measured by the product of the fractional amount times the fair market value of a Share on the date the Share would otherwise have been delivered, as determined by the Committee.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a Change of Control, the Grantee shall receive, at the time that delivery of the Shares is provided for hereunder, the Shares and/or such other property or other consideration as is appropriate so that the Grantee receives, as of such date of delivery,  
  
   2 

whatever the Grantee would have received had the Grantee held the Shares at the time of the Change of Control 
  6.  Rights of Grantee  .  Grantee shall have none of the rights of a shareholder at any time prior to the delivery of the Shares subject to this RSU Agreement, except as expressly set forth in the Plan or herein.   
    
  7.  Notices  .  Any notice to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in care of the Committee to the office of the General Counsel, at the Company s main offices.  All notices under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when hand delivered or mailed, first class postage prepaid, and shall be irrevocable once given.   
  8.  Securities Laws  .  The Committee may from time to time impose any conditions on the Shares as it deems necessary or advisable to ensure that Shares are issued and resold in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   
  9.  Amendment to RSU Agreement; Acceleration  .  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Committee shall have the authority to amend or modify the terms and conditions set forth in this RSU Agreement if the Committee determines, at its discretion, that any such amendment or modification is necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that the terms of this RSU Agreement may not be changed in a manner that is unfavorable to Grantee without Grantee s consent.  The Committee shall have the authority to accelerate vesting in its own discretion in amounts and under circumstances where the Committee deems it equitable to do so and on conditions reasonably imposed by the Committee. 
  10.  Miscellaneous  .  
  (a)        Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, included in which is a summary of the terms of the Plan.  The summary contained therein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Plan, copies of which are available with the Company s public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov or by oral or written request directed to the Company.  Grantee represents that Grantee is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan, and hereby accepts this RSU, subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.  Grantee agrees to hereby accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.   
  (b)        The validity, performance, construction and effect of this RSU shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has granted this Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
    
  TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 

By:_____________________ 

3 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-12>
 13
 tol-20161031x10kxex12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12 
    
  Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
  ($ amounts in thousands) 

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 14
 tol-20161031x10kxex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21 
  Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
  as of October 31, 2016 
  (100% owned unless otherwise indicated) 
       
  A.    Corporations 
    
            2.  
    Amwell Chase, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              3.  
    ESE Consultants, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              4.  
    ESE Consultants, Inc., a Texas corporation.  
              5.  
    ESE of North Carolina, PC, a North Carolina professional corporation.  
              6.  
    Fairway Valley, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              7.  
    First Brandywine Investment Corp. II, a Delaware corporation.  
              8.  
    First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV, a Delaware corporation.  
              9.  
    First Huntingdon Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              10.  
    Franklin Farms G.P., Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              11.  
    GCAM Holding Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              12.  
    Hampton Hall Club, Inc., a South Carolina non-profit corporation.  
              13.  
    Hampton Pointe Club, Inc., a South Carolina non-profit corporation.  
              14.  
    HQZ Acquisitions, Inc., a Michigan corporation.  
              15.  
    Jupiter Country Club, Inc., a Florida non-profit corporation.  
              16.  
    MA Limited Land Corporation, a Delaware corporation.  
              17.  
    Philmont Insurance Company, a Vermont corporation.  
              18.  
    PRD Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              19.  
    Shapell Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              20.  
    SH Homes Corporation, a Michigan corporation.  
              21.  
    Shapell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              22.  
    SI Investment Corporation, a Michigan corporation.  
              23.  
    The Silverman Building Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation.  
              24.  
    TBI Mortgage Company, a Delaware corporation.  
              25.  
    TBI Smart Home Solutions, Inc., a New Jersey corporation.  
              26.  
    TB Proprietary Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              27.  
    Tenby Hunt, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              28.  
    TIS Logistics, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              29.  
    Toll Apartments LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              30.  
    Toll Architecture, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              31.  
    Toll Architecture I, P.A., a Delaware professional corporation.  
              32.  
    Toll AZ GP Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              33.  
    Toll Bros. of Arizona, Inc., an Arizona corporation.  
              34.  
    Toll Bros. of North Carolina, Inc., a North Carolina corporation.  
              35.  
    Toll Bros. of North Carolina II, Inc., a North Carolina corporation.  
              36.  
    Toll Bros. of North Carolina III, Inc., a North Carolina corporation.  
              37.  
    Toll Bros., Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              38.  
    Toll Bros., Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              39.  
    Toll Bros., Inc., a Texas corporation.  
              40. 
    Toll Brothers AZ Construction Company, an Arizona corporation. 
              41. 
    Toll Brothers Canada USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              42.  
    Toll Brothers Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              43.  
    Toll Brothers HK Investment Co., Limited, a Hong Kong corporation.  
              44.  
    Toll Brothers Hong Kong Holdings, Limited, a Hong Kong corporation.  
              45.  
    Toll Brothers International Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              46.  
    Toll Brothers Real Estate, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation.  

47.  
    Toll Brothers South America, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              48.  
    Toll Buckeye Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              49.  
    Toll CA GP Corp., a California corporation.  
              50.  
    Toll CA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              51.  
    Toll Centennial Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              52.  
    Toll CO GP Corp., a Colorado corporation.  
              53.  
    Toll Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              54.  
    Toll DC GP Corp., a District of Columbia corporation.  
              55.  
    Toll Development Company, Inc., a Michigan corporation.  
              56.  
    Toll Diamond Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              57.  
    Toll FL GP Corp., a Florida corporation.  
              58.  
    Toll GA GP Corp., a Georgia corporation.  
              59.  
    Toll Golden Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              60.  
    Toll Granite Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              61.  
    Toll Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              62.  
    Toll IL GP Corp., an Illinois corporation.  
              63.  
    Toll Land Corp. No. 6, a Pennsylvania corporation.  
                  68.  
    Toll MD Builder Corp., a Maryland corporation.  
              69.  
    Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              70.  
    Toll Mid-Atlantic Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              71.  
    Toll Midwest Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              72.  
    Toll MI GP Corp., a Michigan corporation.  
              73.  
    Toll MN GP Corp., a Minnesota corporation.  
              74.  
    Toll NC GP Corp., a North Carolina corporation.  
              75.  
    Toll NH GP Corp., a New Hampshire corporation.  
              76.  
    Toll NJX-I Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              77.  
    Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              78.  
    Toll Northeast Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              79.  
    Toll Northeast Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              80.  
    Toll NV GP Corp., a Nevada corporation.  
              81.  
    Toll OH GP Corp., an Ohio corporation.  
              82.  
    Toll PA Builder Corp., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              83.  
    Toll PA GP Corp., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              84.  
    Toll PA II GP Corp., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              85.  
    Toll PA III GP Corp., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
              86.  
    Toll Palmetto Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              87.  
    Toll Peppertree, Inc., a New York corporation.  
              88.  
    Toll Realty Holdings Corp. I, a Delaware corporation.  
              89.  
    Toll Realty Holdings Corp. II, a Delaware corporation.  
              90.  
    Toll RI GP Corp., a Rhode Island corporation.  
              91.  
    Toll SC GP Corp., a South Carolina corporation.  
              92.  
    Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              93.  
    Toll Southeast Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              94.  
    Toll Southwest Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              95.  
    Toll SW Holding I Corp., a Nevada corporation.  
              96.  
    Toll TN GP Corp., a Tennessee corporation.  
              97.  
    Toll TX GP Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              98.  
    Toll VA GP Corp., a Delaware corporation.  
              99.  
    Toll VA Member Two, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              100.  
    Toll WA GP Corp., a Washington corporation.  

101.  
    Toll WestCoast Note Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              102.  
    Toll WV GP Corp., a West Virginia corporation.  
              103.  
    Toll YL, Inc., a California corporation.  
              104.  
    Upper K Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
              105.  
    Valeria Sewerage Works Corporation, a New York corporation.  
              106.  
    Westminster Abstract Company, a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              107.  
    Westminster Insurance Agency, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation.  
              108.  
    Westminster Title Company, Inc., a California corporation.  
       
  B.    Partnerships 
    
           1.  
    51 N. 8th Street LP, a New York limited partnership.  
              2.  
    Ashford Land Company, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
              3.  
    Advanced Broadband, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
              4.  
    Audubon Ridge, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              5.  
    Belmont Land, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              6.  
    Binks Estates Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              7.  
    The Bird Estate Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership.  
              8.  
    Blue Bell Country Club, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              9.  
    Broad Run Associates, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              10.  
    Broad Washington, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
              11.  
    Byers Commercial LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              12.  
    CC Estates Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership.  
              13.  
    Cold Spring Hunt, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              14.  
    Coleman-Toll Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership.  
              15.  
    Dominion Country Club, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              16.  
    Estates at Princeton Junction, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              17.  
    Estates at Rivers Edge, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              18.  
    Fairfax Investment, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              19.  
    Farmwell Hunt, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
              20.  
    First Brandywine Partners, L.P., a Delaware partnership.  
              21.  
    Gibraltar Road LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              22.  
    Great Falls Hunt, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              23.  
    Greens at Waynesborough, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              24.  
    Greenwich Chase, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              25.  
    Hoboken Land LP, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              26.  
    Hockessin Chase, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
              27.  
    Huckins Farm Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership  
              28.  
    Laurel Creek, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              29.  
    Loudoun Valley Associates, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              30.  
    NC Country Club Estates Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership.  
              31.  
    Plymouth Apartments Management LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              32.  
    Reston Note Co. LP, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              33.  
    Silverman-Toll Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership  
              34.  
    Sorrento at Dublin Ranch I LP, a California limited partnership.  
              35.  
    Sorrento at Dublin Ranch III LP, a California limited partnership.  
              36.  
    South Riding Amberlea LP, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              37.  
    South Riding, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              38.  
    South Riding Partners Amberlea LP, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              39.  
    South Riding Partners, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              40.  
    Southport Landing Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              41.  
    Springton Pointe, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              42.  
    Stone Mill Estates, L.P. a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              43.  
    Swedesford Chase, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  

44.  
    TBI/Naples Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              45.  
    TBI/Palm Beach Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              46.  
    Toll Apartments, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
              47.  
    Toll at Brier Creek Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership.  
              48.  
    Toll at Honey Creek Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              49.  
    Toll at Westlake, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              50.  
    Toll at Whippoorwill, L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              51.  
    Toll Brooklyn L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              52.  
    Toll Brooklyn Pier GP L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              53.  
    Toll Brooklyn Pier L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              54. 
    Toll Brothers AZ Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership.  
              55.  
    Toll CA, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              56.  
    Toll CA II, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              57.  
    Toll CA III, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              58.  
    Toll CA IV, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              59.  
    Toll CA V, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              60.  
    Toll CA VI, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              61.  
    Toll CA VII, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              62.  
    Toll CA VIII, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              63.  
    Toll CA IX, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              64.  
    Toll CA X, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
              65.  
    Toll CA XI, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              66.  
    Toll CA XII, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              67.  
    Toll CA XIX, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              68.  
    Toll CA XX, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              69.  
    Toll CO, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership.  
              70.  
    Toll CO II, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership.  
              71.  
    Toll CO III, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership.  
              72.  
    Toll CP Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              73.  
    Toll CT Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              74.  
    Toll CT II Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              75.  
    Toll CT III Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              76.  
    Toll CT IV Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              77.  
    Toll DE LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
              78.  
    Toll DE II LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
              79.  
    Toll District 7 LP, a California limited partnership.  
              80.  
    Toll Dolington LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              81.  
    Toll Estero Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              82.  
    Toll FL Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              83.  
    Toll FL II Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              84.  
    Toll FL III Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              85.  
    Toll FL IV Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              86.  
    Toll FL V Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              87.  
    Toll FL VI Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              88.  
    Toll FL VII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              89.  
    Toll FL VIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              90.  
    Toll FL X Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              91.  
    Toll FL XI Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              92.  
    Toll FL XII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              93.  
    Toll FL XIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              94.  
    Toll French Creek LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              95.  
    Toll Ft. Myers Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              96.  
    Toll GA LP, a Georgia limited partnership.  
              97.  
    Toll Gibraltar LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  

98.  
    Toll Grove LP, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              99.  
    Toll Hudson LP, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              100.  
    Toll IL HWCC, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              101.  
    Toll IL, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              102.  
    Toll IL II, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              103.  
    Toll IL III, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              104.  
    Toll IL IV, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              105.  
    Toll IL WSB, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership.  
              106.  
    Toll Jacksonville Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              107.  
    Toll Land IV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              108.  
    Toll Land V Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership.  
              109.  
    Toll Land VI Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership. 
              110.  
    Toll Land IX Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              111.  
    Toll Land X Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              112.  
    Toll Land XI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              113.  
    Toll Land XV Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              114.  
    Toll Land XVI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              115.  
    Toll Land XVIII Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership.  
              116.  
    Toll Land XIX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership.  
              117.  
    Toll Land XX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership.  
              118.  
    Toll Land XXI Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership.  
              119.  
    Toll Land XXII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership.  
              120.  
    Toll Land XXIII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership.  
              121.  
    Toll Land XXV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              122.  
    Toll Livingston at Naples Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              123.  
    Toll MA Land Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership.  
              124.  
    Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership.  
              125.  
    Toll MD AF Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              126.  
    Toll MD Builder I, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership.  
              127.  
    Toll MD Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              128.  
    Toll MD II Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              129.  
    Toll MD III Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              130.  
    Toll MD IV Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              131.  
    Toll MD V Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              132.  
    Toll MD VI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              133.  
    Toll MD VII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              134.  
    Toll MD VIII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              135.  
    Toll MD IX Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              136.  
    Toll MD X Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              137.  
    Toll MD XI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership.  
              138.  
    Toll MI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              139.  
    Toll MI II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              140.  
    Toll MI III Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              141.  
    Toll MI IV Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              142.  
    Toll MI V Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              143.  
    Toll MI VI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              144.  
    Toll MN, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership.  
              145.  
    Toll MN II, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership.  
              146.  
    Toll Naples Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              147.  
    Toll Naval Associates, a Pennsylvania general partnership.  
              148.  
    Toll NC, L.P., a North Carolina limited partnership.  
              149.  
    Toll NC II LP, a North Carolina limited partnership.  
              150.  
    Toll NC III LP, a North Carolina limited partnership.  
              151.  
    Toll NH Limited Partnership, a New Hampshire limited partnership.  

152.  
    Toll NJ Builder I, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              153.  
    Toll NJ, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              154.  
    Toll NJ II, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
              155.  
    Toll NJ III, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              156.  
    Toll NJ IV, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              157.  
    Toll NJ V, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              158.  
    Toll NJ VI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              159.  
    Toll NJ VII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              160.  
    Toll NJ VIII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              161.  
    Toll NJ IX, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              162.  
    Toll NJ XI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              163.  
    Toll NJ XII LP, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              164.  
    Toll Northville Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              165.  
    Toll NV Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership.  
              166.  
    Toll NY L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              167.  
    Toll NY III L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              168.  
    Toll NY IV L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              169.  
    Toll NY V L.P., a New York limited partnership.  
              170.  
    Toll Orlando Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership.  
              171.  
    Toll PA, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              172.  
    Toll PA II, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              173.  
    Toll PA III, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              174.  
    Toll PA IV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              175.  
    Toll PA V, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              176.  
    Toll PA VI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              177.  
    Toll PA VIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              178.  
    Toll PA IX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              179.  
    Toll PA X, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              180.  
    Toll PA XI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              181.  
    Toll PA XII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              182.  
    Toll PA XIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              183.  
    Toll PA XIV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              184.  
    Toll PA XV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              185.  
    Toll PA XVI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              186.  
    Toll PA XVII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              187.  
    Toll PA XVIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              188.  
    Toll PA XIX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              189.  
    Toll PA Development LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              190.  
    Toll PA Management LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              191.  
    Toll Plaza, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              192.  
    Toll Realty Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
              193.  
    Toll RI, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership.  
              194.  
    Toll RI II, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership.  
              195.  
    Toll SC, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership.  
              196.  
    Toll SC II, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership.  
              197.  
    Toll SC III, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership.  
              198.  
    Toll SC IV, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership.  
              199.  
    Toll Stonebrae LP, a California limited partnership. 
              200.  
    Toll VA, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              201.  
    Toll VA II, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              202.  
    Toll VA III, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              203.  
    Toll VA IV, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              204.  
    Toll VA V, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              205.  
    Toll VA VI, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  

206.  
    Toll VA VII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              207.  
    Toll VA VIII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership.  
              208.  
    Toll WA LP, a Washington limited partnership.  
              209.  
    Toll WV, L.P., a West Virginia limited partnership.  
              210.  
    Toll YL II, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              211.  
    Toll Washington Square LP, a Delaware limited partnership.  
              212.  
    Toll-Dublin, L.P., a California limited partnership.  
              213.  
    Village Partners, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership.  
              214.  
    Waldon Preserve Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership.  
              215.  
    West Amwell Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership.  
              216.  
    Wilson Concord, L.P., a Tennessee limited partnership.  
              217. 
    Dolington Land LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership - owned 66.6% by one of Registrant s subsidiaries 
       
  C.    Joint Venture (Wholly-Owned) 
    
           1. 
    Porter Ranch Development Co., a California joint venture. 
       
  D.    Limited Liability Companies 
    
               5.  
    51 N. 8th Street I LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              6.  
    51 N. 8th Street GC LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              7.  
    51 N. 8th Street GC II LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              8.  
    55 West 17th Street Partners LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              9.  
    89 Park Avenue LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              10.  
    100 Barrow Street LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              11.  
    100 Barrow Street Member LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
                         23.  
    700 Grove Street Urban Renewal, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
                   29.  
    Approvals Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              30.  
    Approvals Management Member LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              31.  
    Arbor Hills Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company.  
              32.  
    Arbors Porter Ranch, LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              33.  
    Arthur s Woods, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              34.  
    Belmont Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              35.  
    Belmont Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  

36.  
    Belmont Investments I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              37.  
    Belmont Investments II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              38.  
    Belmont Residential LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
                41.  
    Brier Creek Country Club I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              42.  
    Brier Creek Country Club II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              43. 
     Broad Washington GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              44.  
    Byers Commercial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              45.  
    Component Systems I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              46.  
    Component Systems II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              47.  
    Coto de Caza Investments I LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              48.  
    Coto de Caza Investments II LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              49.  
    CWG Construction Company LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              50.  
    CWG Management LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              51.  
    Dominion Valley Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              52.  
    Dominion Valley Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              53.  
    East Windsor Investments I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              54.  
    East Windsor Investments II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              55.  
    Enclave at Long Valley I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              56.  
    Enclave at Long Valley II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              57.  
    First Brandywine LLC I, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              58.  
    First Brandywine LLC II, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              59.  
    French Creek Acquisition GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
              60.  
    Frenchman s Reserve Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              61.  
    GB BM2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              62.  
    GB LB-ESSEX1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              63.  
    GCAM REO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              64.  
    Gibraltar AB Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              65.  
    Gibraltar Asset Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              66.  
    Gibraltar BBI Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              67.  
    Gibraltar BB2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              68.  
    Gibraltar BB4 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              69.  
    Gibraltar BMI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              70.  
    Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              71.  
    Gibraltar CG LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              72.  
    Gibraltar Commercial II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              73.  
    Gibraltar Commercial III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              74.  
    Gibraltar Commercial IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              75.  
    Gibraltar Commercial V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              76.  
    Gibraltar Commercial VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              77.  
    Gibraltar Residential I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              78.  
    Gibraltar SSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              79.  
    GLCR, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              80.  
    Golden Triangle Financial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              81.  
    Goshen Road Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              82.  
    Hampton Hall Investments LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company.  
              83.  
    Hasentree Country Club I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              84.  
    Hasentree Country Club II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              85.  
    Hatboro Road Associates LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              86.  
    Hawthorn Woods Country Club II LLC, an Illinois limited liability company.  
              87.  
    HBSE Real Estate Investments I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              88.  
    HBSE Real Estate Investments II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              89.  
    Heritage Manor Development, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  

90.  
    HH Investments I LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              91.  
    HH Investments II LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              92. 
    HM Investments LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              93.  
    HM Investments II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              94.  
    Hoboken Cove LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              95.  
    Hoboken Land I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              96.  
    HW Investments I LLC, an Illinois limited liability company.  
              97.  
    HW Investments II LLC, an Illinois limited liability company.  
              98.  
    Jacksonville TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              99.  
    Lighthouse Point Land Company, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              100.  
    Liseter Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              101.  
    Liseter, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              102.  
    Longmeadow Properties LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              103.  
    Long Meadows TBI, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              104.  
    Manalapan Hunt Investments I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
              105.  
    Manalapan Hunt Investments II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              106.  
    Martinsburg Ventures, L.L.C., a Virginia limited liability company.  
              107.  
    Millbrook Investments I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              108.  
    Millbrook Investments II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              109.  
    Mizner Realty, L.L.C., a Florida limited liability company.  
              110.  
    Morgan Street JV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              111.  
    Naples TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              112.  
    Northville Lake Village Apartments Limited Liability Company, a Michigan limited liability company.  
              113.  
    Orlando TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              114.  
    Phillips Drive LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              115.  
    Placentia Development Company, LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              116.  
    Plum Canyon Master LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              117.  
    PRD Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              118.  
    Prince William Land I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              119.  
    Prince William Land II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              120.  
    PT Maxwell Holdings, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              121.  
    P.T. Maxwell, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              122.  
    Rancho Costera LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              123.  
    Regency at Denville, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              124.  
    Regency at Dominion Valley LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              125.  
    Regency at Mansfield I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              126.  
    Regency at Mansfield II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              127.  
    Regency at Washington I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              128.  
    Regency at Washington II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              129.  
    The Regency Golf Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              130.  
    The Regency Golf Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              131.  
    Ridge at Alta Vista Investments I LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              132.  
    Ridge at Alta Vista Investments II LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              133.  
    The Ridges at Belmont Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              134.  
    The Ridges at Belmont Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              135.  
    Shapell Hold Properties No. 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              136.  
    Shapell Land Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              137.  
    Snowmass Club I LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.  
              138.  
    Snowmass Club II LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.  
              139.  
    South Riding Realty LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              140.  
    SR Amberlea LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              141.  
    SRLP II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              142.  
    STBI-Warrenton, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              143.  
    Stony Kill, LLC, a New York limited liability company.  

144.  
    Tampa TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              145.  
    TB Kent Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              146.  
    TB Princeton Village LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              147.  
    TL Oil   Gas LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              148.  
    Toll Apartments GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
              149.  
    Toll Austin TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              150.  
    Toll Austin TX II LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              151.  
    Toll Austin TX III LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              152.  
    Toll BBC LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              153.  
    Toll BBC II LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              154.  
    Toll BCCC, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company.  
              155.  
    Toll Brothers Brazil Investimentos Imobili rios Ltda., a Brazilian limited liability company.  
              156.  
    Toll Brothers Fort Monmouth LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              157.  
    Toll Brothers Realty Michigan LLC, a Michigan limited liability company.  
              158.  
    Toll Brothers Realty Michigan II LLC, a Michigan limited liability company.  
              159.  
    Toll CA I LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              160.  
    Toll CA III LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              161.  
    Toll CA Note II LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              162.  
    Toll Cedar Hunt LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              163.  
    Toll CO I LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.  
              164.  
    Toll College Park LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              165.  
    Toll Corners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              166.  
    Toll Dallas TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              167.  
    Toll Damonte LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              168.  
    Toll DC Development LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              169.  
    Toll DC Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              170.  
    Toll DC LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              171.  
    Toll DC Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              172.  
    Toll DC Phase III Owner LLC, a District of Columbia limited liability company.  
              173.  
    Toll-Dublin, LLC, a California limited liability company.  
              174.  
    Toll East 23rd Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              175.  
    Toll E. 33rd Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              176.  
    Toll EB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              177.  
    Toll Equipment, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
              178.  
    Toll FL I, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              179.  
    Toll FL II LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              180.  
    Toll FL III LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              181.  
    Toll FL IV LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              182.  
    Toll FL V LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              183.  
    Toll Franklin LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              184.  
    Toll GC LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              185.  
    Toll GC II LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              186.  
    Toll Gibraltar I LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              187.  
    Toll Gibraltar II LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              188.  
    Toll Glastonbury LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company.  
              189.  
    Toll Henderson LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              190.  
    Toll Henderson II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              191.  
    Toll Hoboken LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              192.  
    Toll Holmdel Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              193.  
    Toll Houston Land LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
              194.  
    Toll Houston TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              195.  
    Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company.  
              196.  
    Toll IN LLC, an Indiana limited liability company.  
              197.  
    Toll Inspirada LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  

198.  
    Toll Jupiter LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              199.  
    Toll Land VII LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              200.  
    Toll Landscape, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
              201.  
    Toll Landscape II, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
              202.  
    Toll Lexington LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              203.  
    Toll Lexington GC LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              204.  
    Toll MA I LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              205.  
    Toll MA II LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              206.  
    Toll MA III LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              207.  
    Toll MA IV LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              208.  
    Toll MA Development LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              209.  
    Toll MA Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              210.  
    Toll MA Land II GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              211.  
    Toll MA Management LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company.  
              212.  
    Toll Maxwell LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              213.  
    Toll MD I, L.L.C., a Maryland limited liability company.  
              214.  
    Toll MD II LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              215.  
    Toll MD III LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              216.  
    Toll MD IV LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              217.  
    Toll MD Realty LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              218.  
    Toll Midwest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              219.  
    Toll Morgan Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              220.  
    Toll NC I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              221.  
    Toll NC IV LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              222.  
    Toll NC Note LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              223.  
    Toll NC Note II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company.  
              224.  
    Toll Needham LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              225.  
    Toll NJ I, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              226.  
    Toll NJ II, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              227.  
    Toll NJ III, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              228.  
    Toll NJ Apartments Management LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company.  
              229.  
    Toll North LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              230.  
    Toll North Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              231.  
    Toll NV GP I LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              232.  
    Toll NV Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              233.  
    Toll NY II LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              234.  
    Toll Oak Creek Golf LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              235.  
    Toll Park Avenue South LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              236.  
    Toll Parkland GSC LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              237.  
    Toll Parkland LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  
              238.  
    Toll Plaza, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
              239.  
    Toll Plymouth LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              240.  
    Toll Prasada LLC, an Arizona limited liability company.  
              241.  
    Toll Provost Square I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              242.  
    Toll Realty L.L.C., a Florida limited liability company.  
              243.  
    Toll San Antonio TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              244.  
    Toll Sienna Member LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              245.  
    Toll South LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              246.  
    Toll South Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              247.  
    Toll Southwest LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              248.  
    Toll Southwest II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              249.  
    Toll Stratford LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              250.  
    Toll SW Holding LLC, a Nevada limited liability company.  
              251.  
    Toll Sutton Member Holdings LLC, a New York limited liability company.  

252.  
    Toll Technology Investments, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
              253.  
    Toll TX Note LLC, a Texas limited liability company.  
              254.  
    Toll VA L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
              255.  
    Toll VA III L.L.C., a Virginia limited liability company.  
              256.  
    Toll Van Wyck, LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              257.  
    Toll Vanderbilt I LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company.  
              258.  
    Toll Vanderbilt II LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company.  
              259.  
    Toll Washington Land I LLC, a Washington limited liability company.  
              260.  
    Toll Washington Square GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              261.  
    Toll WBLH Member LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              262.  
    Toll West Coast LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              263.  
    Toll West Coast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              264.  
    Upper K Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              265.  
    Upper K-Shapell, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.  
              266.  
    Vanderbilt Capital LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company.  
              267.  
    Van Wyck Residential I LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              268.  
    Van Wyck Residential II LLC, a New York limited liability company.  
              269.  
    Virginia Construction Co. I, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              270.  
    Virginia Construction Co. II, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company.  
              271.  
    Westminster Security Systems LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company.  
              272.  
    Westminster Title Agency, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.  
              273.  
    Whitehall Management Services, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 15
 tol-20161031x10kxex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23 
    
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
    
               5. 
    Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-179380) of Toll Brothers, Inc. Toll Corp., First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers Finance Corp., and the additional registrants named therein and in the related Prospectus, 
               7. 
    Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-202046) of Toll Brothers, Inc., Toll Corp., First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers Finance Corp., and the additional registrants named therein, and in the related Prospectus, and 
        
  of our reports dated   December 23, 2016   with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Toll Brothers, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Toll Brothers, Inc., included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   October 31, 2016  .  
    
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP  
    
  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
  December 23, 2016    

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 tol-20161031x10kxex3101.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Douglas C. Yearley Jr., certify that:  
  1.    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc.; 
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          
    Signed: 
      
    /s/ Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 

Name: Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
  Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   December 23, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 17
 tol-20161031x10kxex3102.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION  
  I, Martin P. Connor, certify that:  
  1.    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc.; 
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          
    Signed: 
      
    /s/ Martin P. Connor 

Name: Martin P. Connor 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   December 23, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 tol-20161031x10kxex3201.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the  Company ) for the twelve months ended   October 31, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas C. Yearley Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Douglas C. Yearley Jr. 

Name: Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   December 23, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 tol-20161031x10kxex3202.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the  Company ) for the twelve months ended   October 31, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Martin P. Connor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
    
                   By: 
      
    /s/ Martin P. Connor 

Name: Martin P. Connor Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   December 23, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 20
 tol-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 tol-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 22
 tol-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 tol-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 tol-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 tol-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

