<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1369628_0001193125-16-765663_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1972734</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121820</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>132458</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>378635</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>786056</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>432073</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765663.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110142522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765663
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMODITY ADVISORS FUND L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001369628
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				753033068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54753
		FILM NUMBER:		161987369

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FITH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-296-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FITH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENERGY ADVISORS PORTFOLIO LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP ENERGY ADVISORS PORTFOLIO LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP ENERGY ADVISORS PORTFOLIO L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765663.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d70903d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR      15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR   
  15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period
from              to                
 Commission File Number 0-54753     COMMODITY
ADVISORS FUND L.P.         (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)      

Delaware  
    
  20-4267496   
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
    
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036         (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)     (855) 672-4468   
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.     Yes  X     No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes  X     No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer           
   
    Accelerated filer           
   
    Non-accelerated filer  X    
   
  Smaller reporting company           
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes          No   X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 7,459.4698 Class A Limited Partnership Redeemable Units were outstanding and 10.1269 Class Z Limited
Partnership Redeemable Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   COMMODITY ADVISORS FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q       
 INDEX       
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
             
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
             
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Income and Expenses   
  (Unaudited)       
   * Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.  
           
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Changes in Partners  Capital   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Unaudited)       
       See accompanying notes to financial
statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

       Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Commodity Advisors Fund L.P (the  Partnership ) is a limited partnership which was organized on January 30,
2006, under the limited partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership commenced trading on October 1, 2006. Prior to May 1, 2011, the Partnership s investment objective was to achieve capital appreciation through
speculative trading, directly and indirectly, primarily in energy-related investments, including, without limitation, energy futures, energy forwards, options, swaps and other over-the-counter ( OTC ) instruments and securities of
energy-related companies. Also, prior to May 1, 2011, the Partnership pursued its objective by allocating its capital among various energy focused portfolio managers, each of which had an individual trading strategy, primarily through
investments in collective investment vehicles, including those operated by the General Partner (defined below) and, occasionally, through individually managed accounts.  
 The current objective of the Partnership is to achieve capital appreciation through speculative trading, directly and
indirectly, in U.S. and international markets for currencies, interest rates, stock indices, agricultural and energy products and precious and base metals. The Partnership may employ futures, option on futures and forward contracts in those markets.
The Partnership may also engage in spot, swap and other derivative transactions with the approval of the General Partner. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership, through its investment in the Funds (as defined below), are
volatile and involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s and/or the Funds  (defined below) assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money
market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates.    Between
June 23, 2006 (commencement of the initial offering period) and October 1, 2006, 9,475 redeemable units of limited partnership interest in the Partnership ( Redeemable Units ) were sold at $1,000 per Redeemable Unit. The
Partnership privately and continuously offers Redeemable Units to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership.  
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the  General Partner )
and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held
company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings,
and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.    From inception
until March 31, 2011, the Partnership offered two classes of Redeemable Units:  Class A  Redeemable Units and  Class B  Redeemable Units. As of March 31, 2011, the Partnership no longer offered Class B Redeemable Units.
On May 1, 2011, the Partnership began offering  Class A  Redeemable Units,  Class D  Redeemable Units and  Class Z  Redeemable Units pursuant to the offering memorandum. All Redeemable Units issued prior to
May 1, 2011 were deemed Class A Redeemable Units. The rights, liabilities, risks and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units did not change. Class Z Redeemable Units were first issued on October 1, 2011.
As of September 30, 2016, there were no Redeemable Units outstanding in Class D. Class A, Class D and Class Z will each be referred to as a  Class  and collectively referred to as the  Classes.  The Class of Redeemable
Units that a limited partner of the Partnership receives upon a subscription will generally depend upon the amount invested in the Partnership or the status of the limited partner, although the General Partner may determine to offer a particular
Class of Redeemable Units to investors at its discretion. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to certain employees of Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries (and their family members).  
 During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership s/Funds  commodity broker was
Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership/Funds also deposit a portion of their cash in non-trading accounts at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  All trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Aventis Asset
Management, LLC ( Aventis  or the  Advisor ) a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective September 30, 2016, JE Moody   Company LLC ( JE Moody ) ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the
Partnership. Reference herein to an  Advisor  (or collectively, the  Advisors ) may include, as relevant, JE Moody. The Advisors are not affiliated with one another, are not affiliated with the General Partner or MS Co. and
are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership. The General Partner will generally allocate the assets of the Partnership to  established  trading advisors (i.e., advisors with established trading strategies), but
may also allocate assets to  emerging  trading advisors (i.e., trading advisors in the process of developing and refining their trading strategies). The General Partner has selected and will select commodity trading advisors for the
Partnership that it believes possess the potential to be successful traders. The Advisors have various levels of experience in speculatively trading commodity interests and have various levels of experience in managing client funds.  
 The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to Aventis (and JE Moody prior to its termination) indirectly
through investment in the Funds.    MB Master Fund L.P. ( MB Master ) and JEM Master Fund L.P. ( JEM
Master ) (prior to the Partnership s redemption from JEM Master effective as of the close of business on September 30, 2016) entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership has also entered into a
futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership, through its investment in MB Master and JEM Master (collectively, the  Funds ), pays MS Co. (or will reimburse MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of
all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees (collectively, the  clearing fees ).  
 The Partnership has entered into a selling agent agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management) ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ) (as amended, the  Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, the Partnership pays Morgan Stanley Wealth Management a monthly ongoing selling agent fee
equal to (i) 2.0% per year of the adjusted net assets of Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 0.75% per year of the adjusted net assets of Class D Redeemable Units. The Partnership does not pay an ongoing selling agent fee with
respect to partners holding Class Z Redeemable Units. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management pays a portion of its ongoing selling agent fees to properly registered and/or exempted financial advisors who have sold Class A and/or Class D Redeemable
Units.    In July 2015, the General Partner delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services
as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership.  

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, the results of its operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the changes in partners  capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all disclosures normally
provided in annual financial statements. These financial statements should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.    The financial statements of the Partnership have been
prepared using the  Fund of Funds  approach, and accordingly, the Partnership s pro-rata share of all revenue and expenses of the Funds is reflected as net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investment in the Funds in the
Statements of Income and Expenses. Contributions to and withdrawals from the Funds are recorded on the effective date. The Partnership records a realized gain or loss on its investment in the Funds as the difference between the redemption proceeds
and the related cost of such investment. In determining the cost of such investments, the Partnership uses the average cost method.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Use of Estimates.  The preparation of financial statements and
accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation:  The General Partner and each limited partner share in the profits and losses of the Partnership in
proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner shall be liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of redemptions or distributions and
losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows.  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of Cash Flows.
    Partnership s Investment.  The Partnership s investment in the Funds is stated at fair value, which is
based on (1) the Partnership s net contribution to each Fund and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains/losses and net change in unrealized gains/losses, of each Fund. Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,   Fair Value Measurement,   as amended, permits, as a practical expedient, the Partnership to measure the fair value of its investment in the Funds on the basis of the net asset value per
share (or its equivalent) if the net asset value per share of such investment is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of ASC Topic 946   Financial Services   Investment Companies   as of the
Partnership s reporting date.     Funds  Investments.  All commodity interests of the Funds, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5,  Fair Value
Measurements ) at the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts
are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains
(losses) on closed contracts and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts are reported on the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Investment Company Status.  Effective January 1, 2014, the Partnership adopted Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2013-08,   Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been
deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from
changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses.     Income Taxes.  Income taxes have not been
listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial
statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax
authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax positions that require recognition of a tax liability.  
  Net Income (Loss) per Redeemable Unit.  Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with ASC
946,   Financial Services   Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
      10  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments.  The carrying value of the assets
and liabilities presented in the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments,   approximates the fair value
due to the short term nature of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement.  In January 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .  The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for
all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value
that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the
fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to
follow the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the
Partnership s financial statements and related disclosures.    There have been no material changes with respect to the
Partnership s critical accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner Classes as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other per
unit information.     

** 
   Annualized (except for incentive fees).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner Classes using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital and exclude the income and expenses of the Funds.  

4.  
    Trading Activities:      
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative
financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, through its investment in the Funds. The Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of the Funds  trading activities is shown in the Partnership s Statements of Income and
Expenses.    The futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. give the Partnership and the Funds the legal right to
net unrealized gains and losses on futures, forward and option contracts. The Funds net, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and open forward contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition as the
criteria under ASC 210-20,   Balance Sheet ,  have been met.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  All commodity interests owned by the Funds are held for trading purposes.
   Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors for the Funds and the
Partnership s respective percentage ownership of each Fund. All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited partners, including the Partnership.  

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Funds  Fair Value Measurements.    Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The fair value of
exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign
currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange traded foreign
currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately
3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the reporting period.  
 The Funds consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward, swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily available are priced by
broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). The value of the Partnership s investment in the Funds reflects its proportional interest in the Funds. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Funds did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the
General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between
Level 1 and Level 2.      

6.  
    Investment in the Funds:      
 On May 1, 2011, the assets allocated to Aventis for trading were invested in MB Master, a limited partnership organized
under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership purchased an interest in MB Master with cash equal to $12,756,614. MB Master permits accounts managed by Aventis using the Aventis Diversified Commodity Strategy, a proprietary,
discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of MB Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Aventis, including the Partnership, are permitted to be
limited partners of MB Master. The General Partner and Aventis believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process.  
 On May 1, 2011, the assets allocated to JE Moody for trading were invested in JEM Master, a limited partnership organized
under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership purchased 12,594.1917 units of JEM Master with cash equal to $12,753,614. Effective as of the close of business on September 30, 2016, the Partnership fully redeemed its
investment in JEM Master for cash equal to $3,822,787.    The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to any of
the trading programs discussed above during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Funds  trading of futures, forward, swap and option contracts, if
applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co.  
 Generally, a limited partner in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any,
from the Funds as of the end of any month (the  Redemption Date ) after a request for redemption has been made to the General Partner at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability
when the limited partner elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner at least three days in advance of the proposed
withdrawal day.    Management fees, ongoing selling agent fees, the General Partner fees and incentive fees are charged at
the Partnership level. All clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited partners, including the Partnership. Professional fees are borne by the Funds, and also charged directly at the Partnership level.  
 At September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 4.1% of MB Master. At December 31, 2015, the Partnership
owned 5.4% and 39.0% of MB Master and JEM Master, respectively. It is the intention of the Partnership to continue to invest in MB Master. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to investors
as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly, and redemption rights are not affected.  
 Summarized information reflecting the total assets, liabilities and partners  capital of the Funds is shown in the
following tables.      
   Summarized information reflecting the net investment income (loss), total trading results and
net income (loss) for the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

7.  
    Financial Instrument Risks:      
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership, indirectly through its investment in the Funds, is a party to financial
instruments with off-balance sheet risk, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include futures, forwards, U.S. Treasury bills, swaps and options, whose values are based upon
an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of
derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or OTC.
Exchange-traded instruments include futures and certain standardized forward, option and swap contracts. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also
include certain forward and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for the option. The writer
or seller of an option has unlimited risk. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts
are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. Since May 1, 2011, none of the Partnership s/Funds  contracts have traded OTC, although
contracts may be traded OTC in the future.     Futures Contracts.  The Funds trade futures contracts. A futures
contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery
date or if the delivery quantity is something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Funds each business
day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the
value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the
futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes
in Partners  Capital.     London Metals Exchange Forward Contracts.  Metal contracts traded on the London Metals
Exchange ( LME ) represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin or zinc. LME contracts traded by the Funds are cash settled based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation
margin may be made or received by the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Funds. A contract is considered offset when all long
positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at
the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the broker, directly with the LME.
Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Options.  The Funds may purchase and write (sell) both exchange listed
and OTC options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified price during a specified
time period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Funds write an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and marked to market
daily. When the Funds purchase an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and marked to market daily. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on options
contracts are included in the Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.    As
both a buyer and seller of options, the Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Funds to potentially unlimited
liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Funds do not consider these contracts to be
guarantees.    The Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in
foreign exchange rates on investments due to fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Funds  Statement of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners 
Capital.    Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the Funds due to
market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related underlying assets are
traded. The Funds are exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures and forward contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of
the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets
and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the sole counterparty or broker with respect to the
Partnership s/Funds  assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds  counterparty is an exchange or clearing
organization.    The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s and the Funds  risk
exposure on a daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership and the Funds may
be subject. These monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account
analysis of futures, forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.  
 The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the
Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under Delaware law.  
 The majority of these financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the
Funds  businesses, these instruments may not be held to maturity.      

8.  
    Subsequent Events:      
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations      Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its only assets are its investment in the Funds, redemptions
receivable from the Funds, interest receivable and cash. The Funds do not engage in sales of goods or services. The Funds  only assets are their cash at bank, expense reimbursement and equity in trading account, consisting of cash at MS Co.
and cash margin, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, commodity options purchased at fair value and investment in U.S. Treasury bills at fair value, if applicable. Because of
the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership/Funds. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such
illiquidity occurred in the third quarter of 2016.    The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions
of the partners as increased or decreased by gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership capital decreased 22.4% from $11,926,129 to $9,252,928. This
decrease was attributable to redemptions of 2,085.3260 Class A Redeemable Units totaling $2,468,943, redemptions of 101.8840 Class Z Redeemable Units totaling $83,264 and redemptions of 72.6390 General Partner Class Z Redeemable Units totaling
$59,999, coupled with a net loss of $110,995, which was partially offset by subscriptions of 42.7090 Class A Redeemable Units totaling $50,000. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investment in the Funds in
subsequent periods.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2,  Basis of
Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies,  of the Financial Statements.    The Partnership and the Funds record
all investments at fair value in their financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized trading gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
  Results of Operations   
 During the third quarter of 2016, the Partnership s net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit decreased 1.6% from
$1,214.45 to $1,195.08, as compared to a decrease of 3.9% in the third quarter of 2015. During the third quarter of 2016, the Partnership s net asset value per Class Z Redeemable Unit decreased 1.1% from $853.45 to $844.06, as compared to a
decrease of 3.4% in the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss through its investment in the Funds before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $14,576. Losses were primarily attributable to the Funds 
trading of grains and metals, and were partially offset by gains in energy, livestock and softs. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss through its investment in the Funds before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2015 of $355,035.
Losses were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading of commodity futures in energy, grains, livestock and metals, and were partially offset by gains in softs.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the grains complex during July from long positions in soybean futures as
prices moved sharply lower after the release of industry reports predicting China would decrease soybean imports for the first time in 15 years. Additional losses in this sector were recorded during August from long positions in wheat futures as
prices plunged as favorable weather and bumper harvests in growing regions added to a global supply glut. Within the metals markets, losses were experienced during July from short positions in gold futures as prices rallied amid increased investor
demand for safe-haven assets following the U.K. referendum vote. The Partnership s trading losses during the quarter were offset by gains achieved within the energy markets during September from long positions in gasoline futures as prices
moved higher as supply disruptions in the U.S. and an apparent agreement among the OPEC nations to curtail oil production pushed prices higher. Within the soft commodity sector, gains were recorded during September from long positions in sugar as
prices advanced after inclement weather in Brazil s sugar-growing regions threatened crops. Additional gains in the soft commodities during September were recorded from long positions in coffee futures. Gains within the livestock markets were
achieved during July, August, and September from short positions in live cattle futures as prices trended lower amid declining feed costs and increasing herd numbers at U.S. farms.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Partnership s net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit decreased 0.7% from $1,204.03 to $1,195.08, as compared to a decrease 6.0% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Partnership s net asset value per Class Z Redeemable Unit increased 0.8% from $837.69 to $844.06, as compared to a decrease of 4.6% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership experienced a net
trading gain through its investment in the Funds before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $408,231. Gains were primarily attributable to the Fund s trading of commodity futures in energy and softs, and were
partially offset by losses in grains, livestock and metals. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss through its investment in the Funds before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $147,146. Losses were
primarily attributable to the Funds  trading of commodity futures in grains, livestock, metals and softs, and were partially offset by gains in energy.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the livestock markets during June from short positions in lean hog futures as
prices moved higher amid increased demand for pork products heading into the summer months. Losses within the livestock sector were also incurred during March from long positions in lean hog futures as prices declined in the second half of the month
as falling beef prices reduced consumer demand for pork products. Within the grains sector, losses were experienced during July from long positions in soybean futures as prices moved sharply lower after the release of industry reports predicting
China would decrease soybean imports for the first time in 15 years. Additional losses in this sector were recorded during August from long positions in wheat futures as prices plunged as favorable weather and bumper harvests in growing regions
added to a global supply glut. Losses were experienced within the metals markets during June from short positions in gold futures as prices advanced amid increased investor demand for  safe haven  assets in the run-up to the U.K.
referendum vote. The Partnership s losses for the first nine months of the year were offset by gains achieved within the energy markets during June from long positions in natural gas futures as prices rose dramatically on increased demand from
homes and businesses as extreme heat enveloped much of the U.S. Additional gains within the energy complex were recorded from positions in crude oil futures during January and April. Within the soft commodity sector, gains were recorded during March
and April from long positions in sugar, coffee, and cocoa futures as prices advanced as El Nino-linked weather patterns threatened many of the world s commodity growing regions. Additional gains in the soft commodities were recorded during
September from long positions in sugar as prices advanced after inclement weather in Brazil s sugar-growing regions threatened crops.  
 Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid inflation increase the risks involved in
commodity trading, but also increase the possibility for profit or loss. The profitability of the Partnership and the Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify those price trends.
Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic events and changes in
interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Partnership and MB Master Fund expect to increase capital through operations.  
 The Partnership is paid interest on 100% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the
Partnership s allocable portion of a Fund s) brokerage account during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or each Fund s
account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, is retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities is retained by the Funds. Interest
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2,689 and $7,549, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher 4-week U.S. Treasury bill
discount rates during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income
earned by the Partnership depends on the average daily equity in the Partnership s and the Funds  accounts and upon interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds or MS Co. has control.  
 Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value for each Class of
Redeemable Units as of the end of each month and, therefore, are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling
agent fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $27,954 and $95,881, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in ongoing selling agent fees is due to lower average adjusted net
assets of Class A during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the adjusted net asset value of each Class of Redeemable Units allocated to
the respective Advisor at the end of the month and, therefore, are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $26,310 and $93,488, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in management fees is due to lower average adjusted net assets per Class
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015, as well as a reduction in management fees paid to JE Moody to an annual rate of 1.5% effective January 1, 2016.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  General Partner fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the
business and affairs of the Partnership including, among other things, (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s commodity trading advisors, (ii) allocating and reallocating the Partnership s assets among the
commodity trading advisors and (iii) monitoring the activities of the commodity trading advisors. These fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value for each Class of Redeemable Units as of the end of
each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be analyzed in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. General Partner fees for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased by $14,316 and $48,937, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in General Partner fees is due to lower average adjusted net assets per Class during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    Incentive fees are based on the new
trading profits generated by each Advisor as defined in the respective management agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor and are payable quarterly. There were no incentive fees earned for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership, the Advisor is not paid an incentive fee until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new
trading profits for the Partnership.    In allocating the assets of the Partnership among  established  commodity
trading advisors, the General Partner considered, among other factors, the Advisors  past performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. In selecting  emerging  advisors for the Partnership, the General
Partner conducts proprietary research and considers the background of the commodity trading advisors  principals as well as the commodity trading advisors  trading styles, strategies and markets traded, expected volatility, trading results
(to the extent available) and fee requirements. The General Partner may consider other factors in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, (i) the quality of the commodity trading advisors  risk control techniques, (ii) the
quality of the commodity trading advisors  research techniques and (iii) the commodity trading advisors  company infrastructure and plan for development. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the
Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time.    As of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the following approximate percentages:       

19  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk     All or substantially all of the Partnership s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss through
its investments in the Funds. The Partnership and the Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by the Funds are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Funds  assets are
subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s and the Funds  main line of business.  
 Limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment.  
 Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Funds  open positions and, consequently, in their
earnings and cash balances. The Funds  market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts,
the diversification effects of the Funds  open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade.    The
Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and a Fund s past performance
is not necessarily indicative of future results.     Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the
Funds could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Funds  speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could
result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Funds  experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future
projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Funds  losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Funds  attempts
to manage their market risk.    Exchange margin requirements have been used by the Funds as the measure of their Value at
Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95%-99% of any one-day interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and
exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum
expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of
loss in market risk sensitive instruments. Aventis currently trades the Partnership s assets indirectly in a master fund managed account established in the name of MB Master, over which it has been granted limited authority to make trading
decisions. The first trading Value at Risk table reflects the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership indirectly, through its investment in the Funds as of December 31, 2015. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the
market sensitive instruments, held indirectly by each Fund, separately. There have been no material changes in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015.    The following table indicates the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s
open positions by market category, through its investment in the Funds as of December 31, 2015.    As of
December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was $11,926,129.      
   The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s
investment in the Funds by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the highest, lowest and average value during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the twelve months ended December 31,
2015. All open position trading risk exposures of the Partnership have been included in calculating the figures set forth below.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, MB Master s total capitalization was
$135,384,076. The Partnership owned approximately 4.1% of MB Master. As of September 30, 2016, MB Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aventis for trading) was as
follows:       
 
  *    Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of December 31, 2015, MB Master s total capitalization was $159,372,646. The Partnership owned approximately 5.4%
of MB Master. As of December 31, 2015, MB Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aventis for trading) was as follows:  

*    Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership has fully redeemed its investment in JEM Master. As of December 31, 2015,
JEM Master s total capitalization was $11,125,506. The Partnership owned approximately 39.0% of JEM Master. As of December 31, 2015, JEM Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets
allocated to JE Moody for trading) was as follows:       
 
  *    Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.    Controls and Procedures   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016 and, based on that
evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a process under the supervision of the General
Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;         

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and     

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 There were no changes in the Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  process during the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.   
 This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business,
to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner.  
 On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited
liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Legal section of
MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal
course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global
diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from
time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade
( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or
denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public
statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found
that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23, 2014, the SEC
approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain
affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the
plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in
part and denied in part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at
issue. After these voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage
pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the
difference between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.
MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses
incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for
interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of
the plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co..    On July 9, 2010 and
February 11, 2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled
 Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its
affiliates or sold to plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On
February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and
Pinnacle Performance Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et
al. v. Pinnacle Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and
abetting fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received
final court approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated
entities filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold
to the plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed
on April 2, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme
Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and
compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates
in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval,
and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v.
Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the
action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those
described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner
believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     Item 1A.  Risk Factors.   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31,
2016 and June 30, 2016.       Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
 There were no subscriptions for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Redeemable Units are issued in reliance upon
applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors as defined in
Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relies on the fact that the Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors in a private offering.  
 Proceeds from the sale of Redeemable Units are used in the trading of commodity interests including futures, option and
forward contracts.    The following chart sets forth the purchases of limited partner Redeemable Units by the Partnership.
     
   *  Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each
month on three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the
Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.  
 ** Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable Unit as of that day. No fee
will be charged for redemptions.       Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities    None .  
       Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures    Not Applicable.    
    Item 5.    Other Information    None.    
      31  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6.     Exhibits   

3.1(a) 
   
   Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
January 30, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(a) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware on September 24, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(b) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(c) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware on September 25, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(d) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware on June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(d) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(e) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware on April 15, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

3.2(a) 
   
   Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of New York on February 2, 2006
(filed as Exhibit 3.2(a) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on September 24, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(b) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(c) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on September 29, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(c) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(d) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on June 30, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(d) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(e) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on May 10, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(e) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(f) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on September 6, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(f) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(g) 
   
   Certificate of Amendment of the Application for Authority as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York on August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.2(g) to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference)   

3.3 (a) 
   
   Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-12G/A filed on
November 7, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.1 (a) 
   
   Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, Ceres Managed Futures LLC and J E Moody  
Company LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1(a) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, Ceres Managed Futures LLC and J E
Moody   Company LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(c) 
   
   Letter from the General Partner to JE Moody   Company LLC extending the Management Agreement from June 30, 2015 to June
30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1(c) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)    
      32  

Table of Contents  

10.2 (a) 
   
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, Ceres Managed Futures LLC and Aventis Asset Management, LLC (formerly Misfit
Financial Group, LLC) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 (a) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, Ceres Managed Futures LLC and Aventis Asset Management, LLC
(formerly Misfit Financial Group, LLC) (filed as Exhibit 10.3(b) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(c) 
   
   Amendment No.2 to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, Ceres Managed Futures LLC and Aventis Asset Management,
LLC (formerly Misfit Financial Group, LLC) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(d) 
   
   Letter from the General Partner to Aventis Asset Management, LLC (formerly Misfit Financial Group, LLC) extending the
Management Agreement from June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(d) to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.3 
   
   Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney LLC effective March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.4 
   
   Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on
June 29, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.5 (a) 
   
   Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as Exhibit
10.9(a) to Amendment No. 1 to the Form 10-12G/A filed on November 7, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference   

(b) 
   
   Amendment No. 5 to Escrow Agreement among Ceres Managed Futures LLC, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New
York (filed as Exhibit 10.9(b) to Amendment No. 1 to the Form 10-12G/A filed on November 7, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.6 (a) 
   
   Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective October 29, 2013
(filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)   

(b) 
   
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1, 2015
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference)   

10.7 
   
   Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C Technologies,
Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference)   

31.1 
   
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith)   

31.2 
   
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed
herewith)   

32.1 
   
   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith)   

32.2 
   
   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed herewith)   

101.INS 
   
   XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH 
   
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL 
   
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

IO1.LAB 
   
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

IO1.PRE 
   
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

IO1.DEF 
   
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

COMMODITY ADVISORS FUND L.P.   

By:  
    
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 (General Partner)  

By:  
    
   /s/ Patrick T. Egan  

Patrick T. Egan  

President and Director  

Date:  
    
   November 10, 2016  

By:  
    
    /s/ Steven
Ross                                 

Steven Ross  

Chief Financial Officer and Director  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date:  
    
   November 10, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d70903dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Patrick T. Egan,
certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.         

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d70903dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven Ross, certify
that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Commodity Advisors Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.         

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Ceres Managed Futures LLC   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d70903dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Commodity Advisors Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.      

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d70903dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Commodity Advisors Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:    (1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.      

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001369628-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001369628-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001369628-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001369628-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001369628-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001369628-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

