<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_21076_0001206774-16-007477_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3039251</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150347</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>183460</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>670395</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1239435</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>732354</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007477.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007477
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLOROX CO /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000021076
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIALTY CLEANING, POLISHING AND SANITATION PREPARATIONS [2842]
		IRS NUMBER:				310595760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07151
		FILM NUMBER:		161967996

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THE CLOROX COMPANY
		STREET 2:		1221 BROADWAY
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612-1888
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5102717000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 24305
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612-1305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007477.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 clorox3118958-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington, D.C. 20549 

  FORM 10-Q     
 
  For
the transition period
from               
to     
    
  Commission File
Number:      1-07151     _________________________ 

THE CLOROX COMPANY    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(510) 271-7000    
   
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)   

(Former name, former address and former
      fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
   
      _________________________    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes     No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer    
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes   No   

As of October 19, 2016, there were 128,743,698 shares outstanding of the
registrant s common stock ($1.00   par value).    

PART I   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION      
   Item 1. Financial
Statements      
  The Clorox
Company   Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  (Dollars in
millions, except share and per share data)     
  
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)     
  2     

The Clorox
Company   Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  (Dollars in millions, except share and per share
data)     
  
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)     
  3     

The Clorox
Company   Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions)     
  
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  4     

The Clorox Company
   Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions, except share and per
share data)     
   NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
    
   Basis of
Presentation        
  The unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of
the consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of The
Clorox Company and its subsidiaries (the Company) for the periods presented.
However, the financial results for interim periods are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for a full fiscal year or for any
other future period.     
  Effective September 22, 2014,
the Company s Venezuela affiliate, Corporaci n Clorox de Venezuela S.A. (Clorox
Venezuela), discontinued its operations. Consequently, the Company reclassified
the financial results of Clorox Venezuela as a discontinued operation in the
condensed consolidated financial statements for all periods presented herein.
    
  Certain information and
footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
(U.S. GAAP) have been omitted or condensed pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information in this
report should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, which includes
a complete set of footnote disclosures including the Company s significant
accounting policies.     
   Recently Issued Accounting
Standards      
  In March 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.
2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which simplifies several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including requiring excess tax
benefits and tax deficiencies to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit
in the consolidated statement of earnings. Additionally, the standard requires
cash flows from excess tax benefits and deficiencies, previously classified as a
financing activity, to be classified as an operating activity in the
consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company adopted this guidance in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Excess tax benefits of $6 were recognized in
the consolidated statement of earnings and classified as an operating activity
in the consolidated statement of cash flows during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. The prior period consolidated statement of cash flows has
not been adjusted as permitted. The adoption resulted in approximately a 2
percentage point benefit to the Company s effective tax rate for the first
quarter of fiscal year 2017. The guidance allows for a policy election to
account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. The
Company did not make this election and will continue to account for forfeitures
on an estimated basis.  
  In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which requires lessees to
recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with terms
of more than 12 months. Recognition, measurement and presentation will depend on
the classification of the lease as either a finance or an operating lease. ASU
2016-02 also requires expanded disclosures about leasing arrangements. The new
guidance is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated
financial statements.     
  In April 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost,  which
requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of
that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The Company adopted this
standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and retrospectively applied
the standard to the June 30, 2016 consolidated balance sheet, resulting in an $8
reduction in Other assets and Long-term debt. The adoption had no impact on the
Company s consolidated statement of earnings or consolidated statement of cash
flows.  
  In February 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis,  which
changes the guidance for evaluating whether to consolidate certain legal
entities. The amendments modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships
and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest
entities. The Company adopted this standard in the first quarter of fiscal year
2017. The adoption did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.   
  5     

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)      
  In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which
replaces most existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance and is intended to
improve and converge with international standards the financial reporting
requirements for revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of
ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods
or services equal to the amount that it expects to be entitled to receive for
those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosures about
the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
contracts with customers, including information about significant judgments and
changes in judgments. The new guidance is effective for the Company beginning in
the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, with the option to early adopt in the
first quarter of fiscal year 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated
financial statements.   
   NOTE 2. DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS        
  On September 22, 2014, Clorox
Venezuela announced that it was discontinuing its operations, effective
immediately, and seeking to sell its assets. Since fiscal year 2012, Clorox
Venezuela was required to sell more than two thirds of its products at prices
frozen by the Venezuelan government. During this same period, Clorox Venezuela
experienced successive years of hyperinflation resulting in significant
sustained increases in its input costs, including packaging, raw materials,
transportation and wages. As a result, Clorox Venezuela had been selling its
products at a loss, resulting in ongoing operating losses. Clorox Venezuela
repeatedly met with government authorities in an effort to help them understand
the rapidly declining state of the business, including the need for immediate,
significant and ongoing price increases and other critical remedial actions to
address these adverse impacts. Based on the Venezuelan government s
representations, Clorox Venezuela had expected significant price increases would
be forthcoming much earlier; however, the price increases subsequently approved
were insufficient and would have caused Clorox Venezuela to continue operating
at a significant loss into the foreseeable future. As such, Clorox Venezuela was
no longer financially viable and was forced to discontinue its
operations.     
  On September 26, 2014, the
Company reported that Venezuelan Vice President Jorge Arreaza announced, with
endorsement by President Nicol s Maduro, that the Venezuelan government had
occupied the Santa Luc a and Guacara production facilities of Clorox Venezuela.
On November 6, 2014, the Company reported that the Venezuelan government had
published a resolution granting a government-sponsored Special Administrative
Board full authority to restart and operate the business of Clorox Venezuela,
thereby reaffirming the government's expropriation of Clorox Venezuela s assets.
Further, President Nicol s Maduro announced the government's intention to
facilitate the resumed production of bleach and other cleaning products at
Clorox Venezuela plants. He also announced his approval of a financial credit to
invest in raw materials and production at the plants. These actions by the
Venezuelan government were taken without the consent or involvement of Clorox
Venezuela, its parent Clorox Spain S.L. (Clorox Spain) or any of their
affiliates. Clorox Venezuela, Clorox Spain and their affiliates reserved their
rights under all applicable laws and treaties.   

  With
this exit, the financial results of Clorox Venezuela are reflected as
discontinued operations in the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements for all periods presented. The results of Clorox Venezuela had
historically been part of the International reportable segment.  
  Net sales for Clorox Venezuela
were $0 for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
    
  The following table provides a
summary of earnings (losses) from discontinued operations for Clorox Venezuela
and earnings (losses) from discontinued operations other than Clorox Venezuela
for the periods indicated:   

Three Months
      Ended    

9/30/2016   
           
       9/30/2015       
   
      Operating
      losses from Clorox Venezuela before income taxes  
      
      $            
      -  
      
      $                    
      -  

Exit costs
      and other related expenses for Clorox Venezuela  

-  

-  

Total losses
      from Clorox Venezuela before income taxes  

-  

-  

Income tax
      benefit attributable to Clorox Venezuela  

-  

-  

Total losses
      from Clorox Venezuela, net of tax  

-  

-  

Gains
      (losses) from discontinued operations  

other than Clorox
      Venezuela, net of tax  

-  

(1  
      )   
   
      Losses from
      discontinued operations, net of tax  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      (1  
      )     
  6     

NOTE 3. BUSINESSES ACQUIRED
   
  On May 2, 2016, the Company
acquired 100 percent of ReNew Life Holdings Corporation (RenewLife), a leading
brand in digestive health. The amount paid was $290 funded through commercial
paper. The amount paid of $290 represents the aggregate purchase price less cash
acquired. The purchase of the RenewLife business reflects the Company s strategy
to acquire leading brands with attractive margins in growth categories. Results
for RenewLife s U.S. business are reflected in the Household reportable segment
and results for RenewLife s international business are reflected in the
International reportable segment.  
  The assets and liabilities of
RenewLife were recorded at their respective estimated fair value as of the date
of the acquisition using U.S. GAAP for business combinations. The excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired was
allocated to goodwill. Goodwill recorded primarily reflects the value of
expanding the Company s portfolio further into the health and wellness
arena.  
  The following table summarizes
the estimated fair value of RenewLife s assets acquired and liabilities assumed
and related deferred income taxes as of the acquisition date. Due to the timing
of the acquisition, the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are based on a preliminary valuation and the Company s estimates and
assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period. The primary
areas of the purchase price that are not yet finalized are related to goodwill
and income taxes. The weighted-average estimated useful life of intangible
assets subject to amortization is 15 years.   

Pro forma results reflecting
the acquisition were not presented because the acquisition did not meet the
threshold requirements for additional disclosure.   
   NOTE 4. INVENTORIES,
NET        
  Inventories, net, consisted of
the following as of:     
  
  7     

NOTE 5. FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      
  Financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets are required to be classified and disclosed in one
of the following three categories of the fair value hierarchy:     
  Level 1: Quoted market prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or
unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.  Level 3:
Unobservable inputs reflecting the reporting entity s own assumptions.
    
  As of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016, the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were measured
at fair value on a recurring basis during the applicable periods included
derivative financial instruments, which were classified as either Level 1 or
Level 2, and trust assets to fund certain of the Company s nonqualified deferred
compensation plans, which were classified as Level 1.  
   Financial Risk Management
and Derivative Instruments   
    
  The Company is exposed to
certain commodity, interest rate, foreign currency and counterparty risks
related to its ongoing business operations and uses derivative instruments to
mitigate its exposure to these risks.     
    Commodity Price Risk
Management       
  The Company may use commodity
exchange traded futures and over-the-counter swap contracts to fix the price of
a portion of its forecasted raw material requirements. Contract maturities,
which are generally no longer than 2 years, are matched to the length of the raw
material purchase contracts. Commodity purchase contracts are measured at fair
value using market quotations obtained from commodity futures exchanges or
commodity derivative dealers.     
  As of September 30, 2016, the
notional amount of commodity derivatives was $24, of which $14 related to jet
fuel swaps and $10 related to soybean oil futures. As of June 30, 2016, the
notional amount of commodity derivatives was $30, of which $16 related to jet
fuel swaps and $14 related to soybean oil futures.   
    Foreign Currency Risk
Management       
  The Company may also enter
into certain over-the-counter derivative contracts to manage a portion of the
Company s forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with the purchase of
inventory. These foreign currency contracts generally have durations of no
longer than 2 years. The foreign exchange contracts are measured at fair value
using information quoted by foreign exchange dealers.     
  The notional amounts of
outstanding foreign currency forward contracts used by the Company s
subsidiaries to hedge forecasted purchases of inventory were $57 as of September
30, 2016, and $84 as of June 30, 2016.  
    Interest Rate Risk
Management       
  The Company may also enter
into over-the-counter interest rate derivative instruments to fix a portion of
the benchmark interest rate prior to an anticipated issuance of fixed rate debt
or to manage the Company s level of fixed and floating rate debt. The interest
rate derivative instruments are measured at fair value using information quoted
by U.S. government bond dealers.     
  As of both September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016, the Company had no interest rate derivative
instruments.  
  8     

NOTE 5. FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)      
    Counterparty Risk
Management and Derivative Contract Requirements       
  The Company utilizes a variety
of financial institutions as counterparties for  over-the-counter  derivative
instruments. The Company enters into agreements governing the use of
over-the-counter derivative instruments and sets internal limits on the
aggregate over-the-counter derivative instrument positions held with each
counterparty. Certain terms of these agreements require the Company or the
counterparty to post collateral when the fair value of the derivative instrument
exceeds contractually defined counterparty liability position limits. Of the
derivative instruments of $3 and $5 reflected in Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, $2 and $4,
respectively, contained such terms. As of both September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, neither the Company nor any counterparty was required to post any
collateral as no counterparty liability position limits were exceeded.
    
  Certain terms of the
agreements governing the Company s over-the-counter derivative instruments
require the credit ratings, as assigned by Standard   Poor s and Moody s to
the Company and its counterparties, to remain at a level equal to or better than
the minimum of an investment grade credit rating. If the Company s credit
ratings were to fall below investment grade, the counterparties to the
derivative instruments could request full collateralization on derivative
instruments in net liability positions. As of both September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016, the Company and each of its counterparties had been assigned
investment grade credit ratings by both Standard   Poor s and Moody s.
    
  Certain of the Company s
exchange-traded futures contracts used for commodity price risk management
include requirements for the Company to post collateral in the form of a cash
margin account held by the Company s broker for trades conducted on that
exchange. As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company maintained
cash margin balances related to exchange-traded futures contracts of $1, which
are classified as  Other  current assets on the condensed consolidated balance
sheets.  
   Trust Assets
     
  The Company has held interests
in mutual funds and cash equivalents as part of trust assets related to certain
of its nonqualified deferred compensation plans. The participants in the
deferred compensation plans, who are the Company s current and former employees,
may select among certain mutual funds in which their compensation deferrals are
invested in accordance with the terms of the plans and within the confines of
the trusts, which hold the marketable securities. These trusts represent
variable interest entities for which the Company is considered the primary
beneficiary, and therefore, trust assets are consolidated and included in Other
assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The interests in mutual
funds are measured at fair value using quoted market prices. The Company has
designated these marketable   
   securities as trading
investments.     
  9     

NOTE 5. FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)      
   Fair Value of Financial
Instruments    
  The following table summarizes
the fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities for which disclosure of
fair value is required:     
 
 ____________________

(a)  
           
      Cash and cash
      equivalents are composed of time deposits and other interest bearing
      investments including money market funds with original maturity dates of
      90 days or less. Cash and cash equivalents are recorded at cost, which
      approximates fair value.   
   
      (b)  
      
      Notes and loans
      payable is composed of U.S. commercial paper and/or other similar
      short-term debts issued by non-U.S. subsidiaries, all of which are
      recorded at cost, which approximates fair value.   
   
      (c)  
      
      Current maturities of
      long-term debt and Long-term debt are recorded at cost. The fair value of
      Long-term debt, including current maturities, is determined using
      secondary market prices quoted by corporate bond dealers, and is
      classified as Level 2.    
  10     

NOTE 5. FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)      
    Derivatives    
    
  The Company designates its
commodity forward and future contracts for forecasted purchases of raw
materials, interest rate forward contracts for forecasted interest payments, and
foreign currency forward contracts for forecasted purchases of inventory as cash
flow hedges.     
  The effects of derivative
instruments designated as hedging instruments on Comprehensive income and Net
earnings were as follows:     

Three Months
    Ended    

Gains (losses) recognized
      in Other comprehensive income    

9/30/2016   
           
       9/30/2015    
   
      Commodity
      purchase derivative contracts  
      
      $                               
      -  

$                               
      (7  
      )   
   
      Interest
      rate derivative contracts  

-  

-  

Foreign
      exchange derivative contracts  

-  

6  

Total  
      
      $  
      -  

$  
      (1  
      )   

Three Months
    Ended    

Gains (losses) reclassified
      from Accumulated other comprehensive loss and recognized in Net
      earnings    

9/30/2016   
      
       9/30/2015    
   
      Commodity
      purchase derivative contracts  
      
      $  
      (1  
      )  
      
      $  
      2  

Interest
      rate derivative contracts  

(2  
      )  

2  

Foreign
      exchange derivative contracts  

(1  
      )  

(1  
      )   
   
      Total  
      
      $  
      (4  
      )  
      
      $  
      3  

The gains (losses)
reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive losses and recognized in Net
earnings during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, for
commodity purchase and foreign exchange contracts were included in Cost of
products sold, and for interest rate contracts were included in Interest
expense.   
  The estimated amount of the
existing net gain (loss) in Accumulated other comprehensive losses as of
September 30, 2016, that is expected to be reclassified into Net earnings within
the next twelve months is $8. Gains and losses on derivative instruments
representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the
assessment of effectiveness are recognized in Net earnings. During the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, hedge ineffectiveness was not
significant.         
   NOTE 6. INCOME
TAXES   
  In determining its quarterly
provision for income taxes, the Company uses an estimated annual effective tax
rate, which is based on expected annual income, statutory tax rates and tax
planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which the
Company operates. Certain significant or unusual items are separately recognized
in the quarter in which they occur and can be a source of variability in the
effective tax rates from quarter to quarter. The effective tax rate on earnings
from continuing operations was 32.0% for the three months ended September 30,
2016, and 34.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was
primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits from share-based
compensation upon the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2017. Refer to Note 1 for further details.     
  11     

NOTE 7. NET EARNINGS PER
SHARE (EPS)        
  The following is a
reconciliation of the weighted average number of shares outstanding (in
thousands) used to calculate basic net EPS to those used to calculate diluted
net EPS:     
  
  The Company has two share
repurchase programs: an open-market purchase program with an authorized
aggregate purchase amount of up to $750, all of which was available for share
repurchases as of September 30, 2016, and a program to offset the anticipated
impact of share dilution related to share-based awards (the Evergreen Program),
which has no authorization limit as to amount or timing of
repurchases.  
  Share repurchases under
authorized programs were as follows during the three months ended September 30:

NOTE 8. COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME      
  Comprehensive income was as
follows for the periods indicated:     

12     

NOTE 8. COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (Continued)      
  Changes in Accumulated other
comprehensive net (losses) income by component were as follows for the three
months ended September 30:  

Included in foreign currency
translation adjustments are re-measurement losses on long-term intercompany
loans where settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Other comprehensive
income (loss) on these loans totaled $0 and $(5), respectively, and there were
no amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive net (losses)
income.     
   NOTE 9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLANS      
  The following table summarizes
the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company s retirement income
plans:     
  
  The net periodic benefit cost
for the Company s retirement health care plans was $0 for each of the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     
  During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company made $15 in discretionary contributions to the
domestic qualified retirement income plan.     
  13     

NOTE 10. OTHER
CONTINGENCIES AND GUARANTEES   
    
   Contingencies        
  The Company is involved in
certain environmental matters, including response actions at various locations.
The Company had a recorded liability of $13 and $14 as of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016, respectively, for its share of aggregate future remediation costs
related to these matters. One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which
the Company is jointly and severally liable, accounted for a substantial
majority of the recorded liability as of both September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016. The Company has agreed to be liable for 24.3% of the aggregate remediation
and associated costs for this matter pursuant to a cost-sharing arrangement with
a third party. With the assistance of environmental consultants, the Company
maintains an undiscounted liability representing its current best estimate of
its share of the capital expenditures, maintenance and other costs that may be
incurred over an estimated 30-year remediation period. Currently, the Company
cannot accurately predict the timing of future payments that may be made under
this obligation. In addition, the Company s estimated loss exposure is sensitive
to a variety of uncertain factors, including the efficacy of remediation
efforts, changes in remediation requirements and the future availability of
alternative clean-up technologies. Although it is reasonably possible that the
Company s exposure may exceed the amount recorded, any amount of such additional
exposures, or range of exposures, is not estimable at this time.     
  The Company is subject to
various legal proceedings, claims and other loss contingencies, including,
without limitation, loss contingencies relating to contractual arrangements,
product liability, patents and trademarks, advertising, labor and employment,
environmental, health and safety and other matters. With respect to these
proceedings, claims and other loss contingencies, while considerable uncertainty
exists, in the opinion of management at this time, the ultimate disposition of
these matters, to the extent not previously provided for, will not have a
material adverse effect, either individually or in the aggregate, on the
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.
    
   Guarantees      
  In conjunction with
divestitures and other transactions, the Company may provide typical
indemnifications (e.g., indemnifications for representations and warranties and
retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities)
that have terms that vary in duration and in the potential amount of the total
obligation and, in many circumstances, are not explicitly defined. The Company
has not made, nor does it believe that it is probable that it will make, any
material payments relating to its indemnifications, and believes that any
reasonably possible payments would not have a material adverse effect, either
individually or in the aggregate, on the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole.     
  The Company had not recorded
any liabilities on the aforementioned guarantees as of September 30, 2016.
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the
Company was a party to letters of credit of $10 primarily related to one of its
insurance carriers, of which $0 had been drawn upon.     
  14     

NOTE 11. SEGMENT
RESULTS        
  The Company operates through
strategic business units that are aggregated into four reportable segments based
on the economics and nature of the products sold: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle
and International. As a result of Clorox Venezuela being reported as
discontinued operations, the results of Clorox Venezuela are no longer included
in the International reportable segment.  
  Certain non-allocated
administrative costs, interest income, interest expense and various other
non-operating income and expenses are reflected in Corporate. Corporate assets
include cash and cash equivalents, other current assets, property and equipment,
other investments and deferred taxes.         
  The table below presents
reportable segment information and a reconciliation of the segment information
to the Company s consolidated net sales and earnings from continuing operations
before income taxes, with amounts that are not allocated to the reportable
segments reflected in Corporate.  

All intersegment sales are
eliminated and are not included in the Company s reportable segments  net
sales.  
  Net sales to the Company s
largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, as a percentage of
consolidated net sales, were 26% and 27% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     
  15     

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
     
  The Clorox
Company   (Dollars in millions,
except share and per share data)     
  Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is designed
to provide a reader of The Clorox Company s (the Company or Clorox) financial
statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors
that may affect future results. The following discussion of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
MD A and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on
August 16, 2016, and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and related notes contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report).
Unless otherwise noted, MD A compares the three-month period ended September
30, 2016 (the current period) to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015
(the prior period), with percentage and basis point calculations based on
rounded numbers, except for per share data and the effective tax rate.
    
  Effective September 22, 2014,
the Company s Venezuela affiliate, Corporaci n Clorox de Venezuela S.A. (Clorox
Venezuela), discontinued its operations. Consequently, for all periods presented
herein, Clorox Venezuela is reflected as a discontinued operation.     
   OVERVIEW      
  Clorox is a leading
multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products
with approximately 8,000 employees worldwide. Clorox sells its products
primarily through grocery and mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels,
wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. Clorox markets some of
the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake
bleach and cleaning products, Pine-Sol    cleaners,
Liquid-Plumr    clog removers, Poett    home care products,
Fresh Step    cat litter, Glad    bags, wraps and container
products, Kingsford    charcoal, RenewLife    digestive health
products, Hidden Valley    dressings and sauces, Brita   
water-filtration products and Burt s Bees    natural personal care
products. The Company also markets brands through professional services
channels, including infection control products for the healthcare industry under
Clorox Healthcare   , HealthLink   , Aplicare   , and
Dispatch    brands. The Company manufactures products in more than a
dozen countries and sells them in more than 100 markets.     
  The Company primarily markets
its leading brands in midsized categories considered to be financially
attractive. Most of the Company s products compete with other nationally
advertised brands within each category and with  private label  brands.
    
  The Company operates through
strategic business units that are aggregated into the following four reportable
segments based on the economics and nature of the products sold:     

Cleaning    consists of
      laundry, home care and professional products marketed and sold in the
      United States. Products within this segment include laundry additives,
      including bleach products under the Clorox    brand and Clorox
      2    stain fighter and color booster; home care products,
      primarily under the Clorox   , Formula 409   ,
      Liquid-Plumr   , Pine-Sol   , S.O.S    and
      Tilex    brands; naturally derived products under the Green
      Works    brand; and professional cleaning and disinfecting
      products under the Clorox   , Dispatch   ,
      Aplicare   , HealthLink    and Clorox
      Healthcare    brands.    

Household    consists
      of charcoal, cat litter, digestive health products and bags, wraps and
      container products marketed and sold in the United States. Products within
      this segment include charcoal products under the Kingsford    and
      Match Light    brands; cat litter products under the Fresh
      Step   , Scoop Away    and Ever Clean   
      brands; digestive health products under the RenewLife    brand;
      and bags, wraps and containers under the Glad   
      brand.    

Lifestyle    consists
      of food products, water-filtration systems and filters and natural
      personal care products marketed and sold in the United States. Products
      within this segment include dressings and sauces, primarily under the
      Hidden Valley   , KC Masterpiece    and Soy
      Vay    brands; water-filtration systems and filters under the
      Brita    brand; and natural personal care products under the
      Burt s Bees    brand.    

International   
      consists of products sold outside the United States. This segment includes
      laundry, home care, water-filtration, digestive health products, charcoal
      and cat litter products, dressings and sauces, bags, wraps and containers
      and natural personal care products, primarily under the
      Clorox   , Glad   , PinoLuz   ,
      Ayudin   , Limpido   , Clorinda   ,
      Poett   , Mistolin   , Lestoil   , Bon
      Bril   , Brita   , Green Works   ,
      Pine-Sol   , Agua Jane   , Chux   ,
      RenewLife   , Kingsford   , Fresh Step   ,
      Scoop Away   , Ever Clean   , KC
      Masterpiece   , Hidden Valley    and Burt s
      Bees    brands.     
  16     

RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS        
    CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS       

Diluted net earnings per
share from continuing operations     increased $0.04, or 3%, in the current period. Diluted net earnings per
share increased primarily due to higher net sales and cost savings, partially
offset by increased manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable foreign
currency exchange rates.   
    Net
sales     in the current  period 
increased 4%. Volume increased 8% reflecting higher shipments in all reportable
segments, including the benefit from the acquisition of RenewLife. Volume
outpaced net sales primarily due to unfavorable product mix and foreign currency
exchange rates, partially offset by the benefit of price increases.     
    Gross
margin     ,    defined as gross profit as a percentage of net
sales, decreased 60 basis points in the current period. The decrease was driven
by higher manufacturing and logistics costs and unfavorable product mix and
foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by strong cost savings,
favorable commodity costs and the benefit of price increases.     
    Selling and
administrative expenses,     as a
percentage of net sales, increased 50 basis points in the current period,
primarily due to the impact of RenewLife and increased performance-based
compensation costs.   
    Advertising
costs    , as a percentage of net
sales, remained essentially flat in the current period. The Company s U.S.
retail advertising spend in the current period and prior period was
approximately 10% of net sales.  
  
    Research and development
costs         remained essentially flat in the current period,
reflecting the Company s continued support of its new products and established
brands with an emphasis on innovation.     
    Interest
expense     remained essentially
flat in the current period.     
    The effective tax rate
on earnings from continuing operations     was 32.0% and 34.5% for the current and prior
period, respectively. This decrease was primarily due to the recognition of
excess tax benefits from share-based compensation upon the adoption of
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal year
2017. See Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information.   
    DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
      
  Since the exit of Clorox
Venezuela in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company has recognized
$49 in after-tax exit costs and other related expenses within discontinued
operations related to the exit of Clorox Venezuela. The Company believes it is
reasonably possible that it will recognize an additional $1 to $11 in after-tax
exit costs and other related expenses within discontinued operations related to
the exit of Clorox Venezuela during the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and fiscal
years 2018 through 2019, for a total of $50 to $60 over the entire five-year
period.     
  See Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding discontinued
operations of Clorox Venezuela.   
  17     

SEGMENT RESULTS FROM
CONTINUING OPERATIONS     
     
  The following sections present
the results from operations of the Company s reportable segments and certain
unallocated costs reflected in Corporate:     
    Cleaning

Volume, net sales and earnings
from continuing operations before income taxes increased by 13%, 7% and 10%,
respectively, in the current period. Both volume and net sales growth were
driven mainly by higher shipments across several Clorox    branded
products within Home Care, primarily Clorox    disinfecting wipes
resulting from expanded club-channel distribution and increased merchandising
support, and in Professional Products across cleaning products. Volume outpaced
net sales due to unfavorable product mix. The increase in earnings from
continuing operations before income taxes was mainly due to net sales growth and
strong cost savings.   
    Household

Volume and net sales increased
by 6% and 3%, respectively, while earnings from continuing operations before
income taxes decreased 16% in the current period. Both volume growth and net
sales growth were driven by the acquisition of RenewLife, partially offset by
lower shipments of Charcoal. Volume outpaced net sales, primarily due to higher
trade promotion spending. The decrease in earnings from continuing operations
before income taxes was mainly due to lower volume in Charcoal, higher trade
promotion  spending and  higher manufacturing and
logistics costs, partially offset by the benefit of favorable commodity costs.
  
    Lifestyle     

Volume, net sales, and
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes increased by 1%, 2% and
5%, respectively, in the current period. Both volume growth and net sales growth
were primarily driven by higher shipments in the Burt s Bees Natural Personal
Care business largely due to innovation in lip color. Net sales growth outpaced
volume, primarily due to decreased trade promotion spending. The increase in
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes was primarily due to net
sales growth, cost savings and favorable commodity costs, partially offset by
higher manufacturing and logistics costs.   

  18     

International

Volume increased 4%, net sales
were flat and earnings from continuing operations before income taxes decreased
by 16% in the current period. Volume grew due to higher shipments, mainly in
Canada, which included the benefit from the RenewLife acquisition and in the
Burt s Bees     Natural
Personal Care Asia business, partially offset by lower shipments in certain
Latin American countries, including Argentina. Volume outpaced net sales due to
unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by the benefit of price
increases. The decrease in earnings from continuing operations before income
taxes was primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates,
inflationary pressure on manufacturing and logistics costs, partially offset by
the benefit of price increases.   
   Argentina      
  The Company operates in
Argentina through certain wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively,  Clorox
Argentina ). Net sales from Clorox Argentina represented approximately 3% of the
Company s consolidated net sales for each of the three months ended September
30, 2016 and the  fiscal  year ended June 30, 2016. The operating environment in
Argentina continues to present business challenges, including significant
devaluing of Argentina s currency and inflation.     
  Clorox Argentina manufactures
products at three plants that it owns and operates across Argentina and markets
those products to consumers throughout the country. Products are advertised
nationally and sold to consumers through wholesalers and retail outlets located
throughout Argentina. Sales are made primarily through the use of Clorox
Argentina s sales force. Small amounts of products produced in Argentina are
exported each year, including sales to the Company s other subsidiaries located
primarily in Latin America. Clorox Argentina obtains its raw materials almost
entirely from local sources. The Company also conducts research and development
activities at its owned facility in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Additionally,
Clorox Argentina performs marketing, legal, and various other shared service
activities to support the Company s Latin American operations. Clorox Argentina
in turn benefits from shared service activities performed within other
geographic locations, such as information technology support and manufacturing
technical assistance.     
  For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016, the value of the Argentine
peso (ARS) declined 3% and 39%, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, using
the exchange rate of 15.4 ARS per USD, Clorox Argentina had total assets of $74,
including cash and cash equivalents of $10, net receivables of $19, inventories
of $19, net property, plant and equipment of $17 and intangible assets excluding
goodwill of $3. Although Argentina is not currently designated as a highly
inflationary economy for accounting purposes, further volatility and declines in
the exchange rate are expected in the future, which would have an additional
adverse impact on Clorox Argentina s net sales, net earnings, and net monetary
asset position.     
  The Company is closely
monitoring developments in Argentina and is taking steps intended to mitigate
the adverse conditions, but there can be no assurances that the Company will be
able to mitigate these conditions.     
    Corporate         
  Certain non-allocated
administrative costs, interest income, interest expense and various other
non-operating income and expenses are reflected in Corporate. Corporate assets
include cash and cash equivalents, other current assets, property and equipment,
other investments and deferred taxes.     

There was no significant
change in losses from continuing operations before income taxes in the current
period.  
  19     

FINANCIAL POSITION AND
LIQUIDITY      
   Operating
Activities        
  The Company s financial
condition and liquidity remained strong as of September 30, 2016. Net cash
provided by continuing operations was $170 in the current period, compared with
$135 in the prior period. The year-over-year increase was primarily related to
higher tax payments in the prior period.     
   Investing Activities
     
  Capital expenditures were $59
in the current period, compared with $28 in the prior period. Capital spending
as a percentage of net sales was approximately 4% and 2% in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The year-over-year increase was
due to additional capital spending for manufacturing efficiencies and
information technology infrastructure in the current period. Prior period
investing activities also included proceeds from the sale of the Company s
corporate jet.     
   Financing Activities
     
  Net cash used for financing
activities was $104 in the current period, compared with $120 in the prior
period. The change was primarily due to an increase in cash sourced from notes
and loan payable borrowings, partially offset by a decline in proceeds from the
issuance of stock for employee stock plans.   
    Credit
Arrangements     
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the
Company had a $1,100 revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) that
expires in October 2019. As of September 30, 2016, there were no borrowings
under the Credit Agreement, and the Company believes that borrowings under the
Credit Agreement are and will continue to be available for general corporate
purposes. The Credit Agreement includes certain restrictive covenants and
limitations. The primary restrictive covenant is a maximum ratio of total debt
to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and intangible
asset impairment (Consolidated EBITDA) for the trailing four quarters
(Consolidated Leverage ratio), as defined and described in the Credit Agreement,
of 3.50.     

  The following table sets forth
the calculation of the Consolidated Leverage ratio as of September 30, 2016,
using Consolidated EBITDA for the trailing four quarters, as contractually
defined:     

The Company was in compliance
with all restrictive covenants and limitations in the Credit Agreement as of
September 30, 2016, and anticipates being in compliance with all restrictive
covenants for the foreseeable future. The Company continues to monitor the
financial markets and assess its ability to fully draw on its revolving credit
agreement, and currently expects that any drawing on the agreement will be fully
funded.     
  Of the $29 of foreign and
other credit lines as of September 30, 2016, $4 was outstanding and the
remainder of $25 was available for borrowing.   
  20     

Share repurchases and
dividends       
  The Company has two share
repurchase programs: an open-market purchase program with an authorized
aggregate purchase amount of up to $750, all of which was available for share
repurchases as of September 30, 2016, and a program to offset the anticipated
impact of share dilution related to share-based awards (the Evergreen Program),
which has no authorization limit as to amount or timing of repurchases.
    
  During the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased approximately 0.9 million
and 1.0 million shares, respectively, under its Evergreen Program, for an
aggregate amount of $113 and $112, respectively. The Company did not repurchase
any shares under the open-market purchase program during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  
  During the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid dividends per share of $0.80 and
$0.77, respectively, aggregating to $104 and $99, respectively.   
   CONTINGENCIES        
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s
contingencies.     
   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS        
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of recently issued accounting
standards relevant to the Company.     
  21     

Cautionary
Statement   
  This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q (the Report), including the exhibits hereto and the information
incorporated by reference herein, contains  forward-looking statements  within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Except for
historical information, statements about future volume, sales, foreign
currencies, costs, cost savings, margin, earnings, earnings per share, diluted
earnings per share, foreign currency exchange rates, cash flows, plans,
objectives, expectations, growth or profitability are forward-looking statements
based on management s estimates, assumptions and projections. Words such as
 could,   may,   expects,   anticipates,   targets,   goals,   projects, 
 intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   predicts,  and variations
on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with
respect to future events and operational and financial performance, are intended
to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results
could differ materially from those discussed herein. Important factors that
could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from
management s expectations are described in the sections entitled  Risk Factors 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016, as updated from time to time in the Company s Securities and Exchange
Commission filings. These factors include, but are not limited to:   

intense competition in the Company s
      markets;     

worldwide, regional and local economic
      conditions and financial market volatility;     

the ability of the Company to drive sales
      growth, increase price and market share, grow its product categories and
      achieve favorable product and geographic mix;     

volatility and increases in commodity costs
      such as resin, sodium hypochlorite and agricultural commodities, and
      increases in energy, transportation or other costs;     

dependence on key customers and risks
      related to customer consolidation and ordering patterns;    

risks related to
      reliance on information technology systems, including potential security
      breaches, cyber-attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches that result in
      the unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or Company
      information, or service interruptions;     

costs resulting from government regulations;

the ability of the Company to successfully
      manage global political, legal, tax and regulatory risks, including
      changes in regulatory or administrative activity;     

risks related to international operations,
      including political instability;   government-imposed price controls or other regulations;
        foreign currency exchange rate
      controls, including periodic changes in such controls, fluctuations and
      devaluations;   labor claims,
      labor unrest and inflationary pressures, particularly in Argentina;
        and   potential harm and liabilities from the use,
      storage and transportation of chlorine in certain international markets
      where chlorine is used in the production of bleach; and the possibility of
      nationalization, expropriation of assets or other government action;

risks relating to acquisitions, new ventures
      and divestitures, and associated costs, including the potential for asset
      impairment charges related to, among others, intangible assets and
      goodwill;     

the ability of the Company to develop and
      introduce commercially successful products;     

supply disruptions and other risks inherent
      in reliance on a limited base of suppliers;     

the impact of product liability claims,
      labor claims and other legal proceedings, including in foreign
      jurisdictions       

the success of the Company s business strategies;    

the ability of the Company to implement and
      generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies;     

the Company s ability to attract and retain
      key personnel;     

the Company s ability to maintain its
      business reputation and the reputation of its brands;     

environmental matters, including costs
      associated with the remediation of past contamination and the handling
      and/or transportation of hazardous substances;     

the impact of natural disasters, terrorism
      and other events beyond the Company s control;     

the Company s ability to maximize, assert
      and defend its intellectual property rights;     

any infringement or claimed infringement by
      the Company of third-party intellectual property rights;     

risks related to the potential increase in
      the Company s purchase price for P G s interest in the  Glad     business
      and the impact from the decision on whether or not to extend the term of
      the related agreement with P      

the effect of the Company s indebtedness and
      credit rating on its business operations and financial results;

risks related to the Company s
      discontinuation of operations in Venezuela;     

the Company s ability to pay and declare
      dividends or repurchase its stock in the future;     

the Company s ability to maintain an
      effective system of internal controls, including after completing
      acquisitions;       

uncertainties relating to tax positions, tax
      disputes and changes in the Company s tax rate;      
         
     the accuracy of the Company s estimates and
      assumptions on which its financial projections are based; and  

the impacts of potential stockholder activism.
       
  22     

The Company s forward-looking
statements in this Report are based on management s current views and
assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities laws.
    
  In this Report, unless the
context requires otherwise, the terms  the Company  and  Clorox  refer to The
Clorox Company and its subsidiaries.  
   Item 3. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      
  There have not been any
material changes to the Company s market risk since June 30, 2016. For
additional information, refer to  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in Exhibit 99.1 of the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016.     
   Item 4. Controls and
Procedures      
  The Company s management, with
the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this Report, were effective such that the information required
to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.     
  No change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the first fiscal
quarter of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting.     
  23     

PART II   OTHER
INFORMATION      
   Item 1.A. Risk Factors
     
  For information regarding Risk
Factors, please refer to Item 1.A. in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, and the information in  Cautionary
Statement  included in this Report.     
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      
  The following table sets forth
the purchases of the Company s securities by the Company and any affiliated
purchasers within the meaning of Rule 10b-18(a)(3) (17 CFR 240.10b-18(a)(3))
during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.       
  ____________________

(1)  
           
      Shares purchased in
      July, August and September 2016 were acquired pursuant to the Company s
      share repurchase program to offset the impact of share dilution related to
      share-based awards (the Evergreen Program).   
   
      (2)  
      
      The Company has two
      share repurchase programs: an open-market purchase program with an
      authorized aggregate purchase amount of up to $750 million, all of which
      was available for share repurchases as of September 30, 2016, and the
      Evergreen Program, the purpose of which is to offset the impact of
      anticipated share dilution related to share-based awards and which has no
      authorization limit as to the amount or timing of
  repurchases.    
  24     

Item 6.
Exhibits      

3.2  
           
      The
      Clorox Company Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
      Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 15, 2016, incorporated herein
      by reference).     
   
      10.1  
      
      Form of Performance
      Share Award Agreement under the Company s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in 2016.     
   
      10.2  
      
      Form
      of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company s 2005
      Stock Incentive Plan.     
   
      31.1  
      
      Certification by the
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     
   
      31.2  
      
      Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
      Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.     
   
      32  
      
      Certification by the
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
      Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.     
   
      101  
      
      The
      following materials from The Clorox Company s Quarterly Report on Form
      10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, are formatted in eXtensible
      Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated
      Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income, (ii) the Condensed
      Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements
      of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
      Statements.    
  25  

SIGNATURE   
  Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

THE CLOROX
      COMPANY   

(Registrant)   

DATE:
      November 2, 2016  
      BY    
      /s/ Thomas D. Johnson   

Thomas D.
      Johnson   

Vice
      President   Global Business Services and   

Chief
      Accounting Officer     
  26     

EXHIBIT INDEX     
  Exhibit No.     

3.2  
           
      The
      Clorox Company Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
      Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 15, 2016, incorporated herein
      by reference).     
   
      10.1  
      
      Form of Performance
      Share Award Agreement under the Company s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in 2016.     
   
      10.2  
      
      Form
      of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Company s 2005
      Stock Incentive Plan.     
   
      31.1  
      
      Certification by the
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company Pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.     
   
      31.2  
      
      Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
      Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.     
   
      32  
      
      Certification by the
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
      Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002.     
   
      101  
      
      The
      following materials from The Clorox Company s Quarterly Report on Form
      10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, are formatted in eXtensible
      Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated
      Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income, (ii) the Condensed
      Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements
      of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
      Statements.    
  27     

<EX-10.1>
 2
 clorox3118958-ex101.htm
 2016 US PSU AGREEMENT CEC GL32

Exhibit
10.1    
  THE CLOROX COMPANY 2005
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE
SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT   
   NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE SHARE
GRANT    The Clorox Company, a
Delaware company (the  Company ), grants to the Grantee named below, in
accordance with the terms of The Clorox Company 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ) and this performance share award agreement (the  Agreement ), the
following number of Performance Shares on the terms set forth below:  

GRANTEE:   
           
      (refer to
      UBS Financial Services Inc. ( UBS ) account for details)   
   
       TARGET AWARD:   
      
      (refer to
      UBS account for details)   
   
       GRANT ID:   
      
      (refer to
      UBS account for details)   
   
       PERFORMANCE PERIOD:   
      
      July 1, 2016
      through June 30, 2019   
   
       DATE OF GRANT:   

SETTLEMENT DATE:   
      
      Within 75
      days following the last day of the Performance Period, provided the
      Grantee has remained in the employment or service of the Company or its
      Subsidiaries through such date (except for a termination of employment or
      service due to death, Disability or Retirement, as provided
    below)     
   AGREEMENT    

1.  
             
       Grant of
      Performance Shares   . The
      Company hereby grants to the Grantee the Target Award set forth above,
      payment of which is dependent upon the achievement of certain performance
      goals more fully described in Section 3 of this Agreement. This Award is
      subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Plan and this
      Agreement. All terms, provisions, and conditions applicable to the
      Performance Shares set forth in the Plan and not set forth herein are
      incorporated by reference. To the extent any provision hereof is
      inconsistent with a provision of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will
      govern. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement and not
      otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
      Plan.   

2.  
      
       Nature and
      Settlement of Award   . The
      Performance Shares awarded pursuant to this Agreement represent the
      opportunity to receive Shares of the Company and Dividend Equivalents on
      such Shares (as described in Section 4 below). The Company shall issue to
      the Participant one Share for each vested Performance Share (plus any
      Dividend Equivalents accrued with respect to such vested Performance
      Shares), rounded down to the nearest whole share, less any Shares withheld
      in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement.
      Settlement shall occur on a date chosen by the Committee, which date shall
      be within seventy-five (75) days following the last day of the Performance
      Period, or any deferred settlement date established pursuant to Section 6
      of this Agreement, whichever is later (the  Settlement Date ), and except
      as specifically provided in Section 5 of this Agreement, provided the
      Grantee has remained in the employment or service of the Company or its
      Subsidiaries through the Settlement Date. Although vested within the
      meaning of Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code since no substantial
      risk of forfeiture exists at the Settlement Date, the Performance Shares
      (and any associated Dividend Equivalents) will not be earned until the
      Grantee has fulfilled all of the conditions precedent set forth in this
      Agreement, including, but not limited to, the obligations set forth in
      Sections 9(b), 9(c), 9(d), 9(e) and Section 10, and the Grantee shall have
      no right to retain the Shares or the value thereof upon vesting or
      settlement of the Performance Shares until all such conditions precedent
      have been satisfied.   
   
  - 1 -   

3.  
             
       Determination of Number of Performance
      Shares Vested   .   

The number of Performance Shares vested, if
      any, for the Performance Period shall be determined in accordance with the
      following formula:   

# of Performance
      Shares = Payout Percentage x Target Award      

The  Payout Percentage 
      is based on cumulative economic profit ( EP ), calculated as described in
      the paragraph below, at the end of the Performance Period, determined in
      accordance with the following table:      

Cumulative
      EP will be the sum of annual EP results over the Performance Period.
      Annual EP is defined as Earnings Before Interest   Taxes ( EBIT ),
      adjusted for non-cash restructuring charges, times one minus the tax rate,
      less capital charge.   

Notwithstanding the above, the EP levels in the preceding table
      shall be adjusted, fairly and appropriately, in accordance with the Plan
      and, as provided in this Agreement, to reflect accurately the direct and
      measurable effect of the impact of each of the following events not
      otherwise reflected in the determination of the initial EP levels (each,
      an  Event ) including, without limitation, the financial statement impact
      on the Company on account of the occurrence or potential occurrence of an
      Event: (1) the acquisition or divestiture of a business, (2) a Change in
      Control, (3) U.S Federal changes in tax statutes or the addition or
      deletion of taxes to which the Company or any Affiliated Company is
      subject, (4) force majeure (including events known as  Acts of God ), (5)
      the adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements or changes to
      application of accounting pronouncements, and (6) any extraordinary,
      unusual or non-recurring item not previously listed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an event listed in the preceding
      sentence shall not qualify as an Event, and therefore no adjustment shall
      be made to the EP levels, unless the impact of the occurrence or potential
      occurrence of such an event listed in the preceding sentence exceeds $2
      million in EP. The purpose of any adjustments on account of the occurrence
      of an Event is to keep the probability of achieving the EP levels the same
      as if the Event triggering such adjustment had either not occurred or had
      not resulted in any financial statement impact. The determination of any
      adjustments shall be based on the Company s accounting as set forth in its
      books and records (including business projections) and/or in the annual
      budget and/or long range plan of the Company pursuant to which the EP
      levels were originally established. The amount of any such adjustment
      shall be approved by the Committee in its good faith determination in
      accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. To the extent
      applicable, the Committee shall condition the determination of the number
      of Performance Shares vested under this Section 3 upon the satisfaction of
      the adjusted EP levels. All Performance Shares that are not vested for the
      Performance Period shall be forfeited as of the last day of the
      Performance Period.   

4.  
             
       Dividend
      Equivalent Rights.    No
      Dividend Equivalents shall be paid to the Grantee prior to the settlement
      of the award. Rather, such Dividend Equivalent payments will accrue and be
      notionally credited to the Grantee s Performance Share account and paid
      out at the Payout Percentage in the form of additional Shares (the
       Dividend Equivalent Shares ) upon settlement of the award, as described
      in Section 2 above.   
   
  - 2 -   

5.  
      
       Termination of Continuous Service   . Except as otherwise provided below, if the
      Grantee s employment or service with the Company and its Subsidiaries is
      terminated for any reason prior to the Settlement Date, all Performance
      Shares and Dividend Equivalents subject to this Agreement shall be
      immediately forfeited.   

a.  
             
       Termination due to
      Death or Disability   . If the
      Grantee s termination of employment or service is due to death or
      Disability, all Performance Shares and Dividend Equivalents shall
      immediately vest and will be paid upon completion of the Performance
      Period based on the level of performance achieved as of the end of such
      Performance Period.   

b.  
             
       Termination due to
      Retirement   . If the
      Grantee s termination of employment or service is due to Retirement and is
      more than twelve (12) months from the Date of Grant set forth in this
      Agreement, the Performance Shares shall vest on a pro rata monthly basis,
      including full credit for partial months elapsed, and will be paid upon
      completion of the Performance Period based on the level of performance
      achieved as of the end of such Performance Period; provided, however, that
      this provision shall not apply in the event the Grantee s employment or
      service is terminated for Cause. The amount of the vested Award may be
      computed under the following formula: Target Award times (number of full
      months elapsed in Performance Period divided by number of full months in
      Performance Period) times percent performance level achieved as of the end
      of the Performance Period. Dividend Equivalents accrued through the
      Grantee s date of termination due to Retirement shall be paid at the same
      time as the settlement of the vested Performance Shares.   

c.  
      
       Definition of  Retirement.     For purposes of this Agreement, the term
       Retirement  shall mean termination of employment or service as an
      Employee after (1) twenty (20) or more years of  vesting service,  which
      solely for purposes of this Agreement, shall be calculated under Article
      III of The Clorox Company 401(k) Plan (the  401(k) Plan ) entitled
       Service  along with any other relevant provisions of the 401(k) Plan
      necessary or desirable to give full effect thereto, or any successor
      provisions, regardless of the status of the Grantee with respect to the
      401(k) Plan ( Vesting Service ), or (2) attaining age fifty-five with ten
      (10) or more years of Vesting Service.   

d.  
      
       Definition of  Disability.     For purposes of this Agreement, the
      Grantee s employment shall be deemed to have terminated due to the
      Grantee s Disability if the Grantee is entitled to long-term disability
      benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan or policy, as in
      effect on the date of termination of the Grantee s
employment.   

6.  
             
       Election to Defer
      Settlement   . Prior to the
      commencement of the last year of the Performance Period, the Grantee may
      elect to defer the settlement of the Performance Shares from the last day
      of the Performance Period until a date at least two years following such
      date, or until the Grantee s later termination of employment or service.
      If the Grantee makes such an election, it will become irrevocable on the
      date of such election. If the Grantee makes such an election, any Dividend
      Equivalents awarded with respect to such deferred Performance Shares shall
      also be deferred under the same terms. If the Grantee makes such an
      election, but a transaction occurs that subjects the Grantee s Performance
      Shares to Section 19 of the Plan prior to the settlement date, the
      Grantee s deferral election will terminate and the Grantee s Performance
      Shares and Dividend Equivalents will be settled as of the date of that
      transaction. The Company may terminate any deferral hereunder if a change
      in law requires such termination.   

7.  
      
       Taxes   . Pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, the
      Committee shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or
      require the Grantee to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to
      satisfy any applicable tax withholding requirements applicable to this
      Award. The Committee may condition the issuance of Shares upon the
      Grantee s satisfaction of such withholding obligations. The Grantee may
      elect to satisfy all or part of such withholding requirement by tendering
      previously-owned Shares or by having the Company withhold Shares having a
      Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory withholding rate that
      could be imposed on the transaction (or such other rate that will not
      result in a negative accounting impact) or in such other manner as is
      acceptable to the Company. Such election shall be irrevocable, made in
      writing, signed by the Grantee, and shall be subject to any restriction or
      limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems
      appropriate.   

8.  
      
       Transferability of
      Performance Shares   .
      Performance Shares shall not be transferable by the Grantee other than by
      will or by the laws of descent or distribution. For avoidance of doubt,
      Shares issued to the Grantee in settlement of Performance Shares pursuant
      to Section 2 of this Agreement shall not be subject to any of the
      foregoing transferability restrictions.    
  - 3 -   

9.  
             
       Protection of Trade Secrets
      and Limitations on Retention.    

a.  
             
       Definitions.    

i.  
             
          Affiliated Company    
      means any organization controlling, controlled by or under common control
      with the Company.   

ii.  
      
          Confidential Information     means the Company s technical or business or personnel
      information not readily available to the public or generally known in the
      trade, including inventions, developments, trade secrets and other
      confidential information, knowledge, data and know-how of the Company or
      any Affiliated Company, whether or not they originated with the Grantee,
      or information which the Company or any Affiliated Company received from
      third parties under an obligation of confidentiality.   

iii.  
      
          Conflicting Product    
      means any product, process, machine, or service of any person or
      organization, other than the Company or any Affiliated Company, in
      existence or under development that (1) resembles or competes with a
      product, process, machine, or service upon or with which the Grantee shall
      have worked during the two years prior to the Grantee s termination of
      employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company or (2) with respect
      to which during that period of time the Grantee, as a result of his/her
      job performance and duties, shall have acquired knowledge of Confidential
      Information, and whose use or marketability could be enhanced by
      application to it of Confidential Information. For purposes of this
      section, it shall be conclusively presumed that the Grantee has knowledge
      of information to which s/he has been directly exposed through actual
      receipt or review of memorandum or documents containing such information
      or through actual attendance at meetings at which such information was
      discussed or disclosed.   

iv.  
      
          Conflicting Organization     means any person or organization that is engaged in or about to
      become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing or
      selling of a Conflicting Product.   

b.  
      
       Right to Retain
      Shares Contingent on Protection of Confidential
      Information   . In partial
      consideration for the award of these Performance Shares, the Grantee
      agrees that at all times, both during and after the term of the Grantee s
      employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company, to hold in the
      strictest confidence, and not to use (except for the benefit of the
      Company at the Company s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of
      the Company at the Company s direction), regardless of when disclosed to
      the Grantee, any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any
      Affiliated Company. The Grantee understands that for purposes of this
      Section 9(b), Confidential Information further includes, but is not
      limited to, information pertaining to any aspect of the business of the
      Company or any Affiliated Company which is either information not known
      (or known as a result of a wrongful act of the Grantee or of others who
      were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved)
      by actual or potential competitors of the Company or other third parties
      not under confidentiality obligations to the Company. If, prior to the
      expiration of the Performance Period or at any time within one (1) year
      after the Settlement Date, the Grantee discloses or uses, or threatens to
      disclose or use, any Confidential Information other than in the course of
      performing authorized services for the Company (or any Affiliated
      Company), the Performance Shares, whether vested or not, will be
      immediately forfeited and cancelled, and the Grantee shall immediately
      return to the Company the Shares or the pre-tax income derived from any
      disposition of the Shares.   
   
  - 4 -   

c.  
      
       No Interference with
      Customers or Suppliers   . In
      partial consideration for the award of these Performance Shares, in order
      to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as
      to deter the Grantee s intentional interference with the contractual
      relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company, the Grantee s
      intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the
      Company or any Affiliated Company and to promote fair competition, the
      Grantee agrees that the Grantee s right to the Shares upon settlement of
      the Performance Shares is contingent upon the Grantee refraining, for a
      period of one (1) year after the date of settlement of the Performance
      Shares, for himself/herself or any third party, directly or indirectly,
      from using Confidential Information to (1) divert or attempt to divert
      from the Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in
      which it is engaged, or (2) intentionally solicit its customers with which
      it has a contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products, or to
      interfere with the contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or
      customers (collectively,  Interfere ). If, during the term of the
      Performance Period or at any time within one (1) year after the Settlement
      Date, the Grantee breaches his/her obligation not to Interfere, the
      Grantee s right to the Shares upon settlement of the Performance Shares
      shall not have been earned and the Performance Shares, whether vested or
      not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Grantee shall immediately
      return to the Company the Shares or the pre-tax income derived from any
      disposition of the Shares. For avoidance of doubt, the term  Interfere 
      shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products through the
      use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such as
      television, cable or radio broadcasts, or newspapers or magazines) or the
      broad distribution of coupons through the use of direct mail or through
      independent retail outlets.   THE
      GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT
      PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED, BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE
      PERFORMANCE SHARES AND A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE GROSS
      TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF THE SHARES IF THE GRANTEE SHOULD CHOOSE TO VIOLATE
      THIS  NO INTERFERENCE WITH CUSTOMERS OR SUPPLIERS  PROVISION DURING THE
      TERM OF THE PERFORMANCE PERIOD OR WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE SETTLEMENT
      DATE.      

d.  
             
       No Solicitation of Employees   . In partial consideration for the award of
      these Performance Shares, in order to forestall the disclosure or use of
      Confidential Information, as well as to deter the Grantee s intentional
      interference with the contractual relations of the Company or any
      Affiliated Company, the Grantee s intentional interference with
      prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company,
      and to promote fair competition, the Grantee agrees that the Grantee s
      right to the Shares upon settlement of the Performance Shares is
      contingent upon the Grantee refraining, for a period of one (1) year after
      the date of settlement of the Performance Shares, for himself/herself or
      any third party, directly or indirectly, from soliciting for employment
      any person employed by the Company, or by any Affiliated Company, during
      the period of the solicited person s employment and for a period of one
      (1) year after the termination of the solicited person s employment with
      the Company or any Affiliated Company (collectively  Solicit ). If, during
      the term of the Performance Period or at any time within one (1) year
      after the Settlement Date, the Grantee breaches his/her obligation not to
      Solicit, the Grantee s right to the Shares upon settlement of the
      Performance Shares shall not have been earned and the Performance Shares,
      whether vested or not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Grantee
      shall immediately return to the Company the Shares or the pre-tax income
      derived from any disposition of the Shares.   THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH
      IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED, BUT
      PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE PERFORMANCE SHARES AND A RETURN TO
      THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF THE SHARES IF
      THE GRANTEE SHOULD CHOOSE TO VIOLATE THIS NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES
      PROVISION DURING THE TERM OF THE PERFORMANCE PERIOD OR WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR
      AFTER THE SETTLEMENT DATE.     

e.  
      
       Injunctive and Other Available
      Relief   . By acceptance of
      these Performance Shares, the Grantee acknowledges that, if the Grantee
      were to breach or threaten to breach his/her obligation hereunder not to
      Interfere or Solicit or not to disclose or use any Confidential
      Information other than in the course of performing authorized services for
      the Company (or any Affiliated Company), the harm caused to the Company by
      such breach or threatened breach would be, by its nature, irreparable
      because, among other things, damages would be significant and the monetary
      harm that would ensue would not be able to be readily proven, and that the
      Company would be entitled to injunctive and other appropriate relief to
      prevent threatened or continued breach and to such other remedies as may
      be available at law or in equity. To the extent not prohibited by law, any
      cancellation of the Performance Shares pursuant to any of Sections 9(b)
      through 9(d) above shall not restrict, abridge or otherwise limit in any
      fashion the types and scope of injunctive and other available relief to
      the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
      contrary, nothing under this Agreement shall limit, abridge, modify or
      otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated Company) from pursuing
      any or all legal, equitable or other appropriate remedies to which the
      Company may be entitled under any other agreement with the Grantee, any
      other plan, program, policy or arrangement of the Company (or any
      Affiliated Company) under which the Grantee is covered or participates, or
      any applicable law, all to the fullest extent not prohibited under
      applicable law.    
  - 5 -   

f.  
             
       Permitted
      Reporting and Disclosure   .
      Notwithstanding any language in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in
      this Agreement prohibits Grantee from reporting possible violations of
      federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or governmental
      entity, or making other disclosures that are protected under federal law
      or regulation; provided, that, in each case such communications and
      disclosures are consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, under no circumstance is Grantee authorized to disclose any
      information covered by the Company s attorney-client privilege or attorney
      work product or the Company s trade secrets without prior written consent
      of the Company s General Counsel. Any reporting or disclosure permitted
      under this Section 9(f) shall not result in the cancellation of
      Performance Shares. Grantee is entitled to certain immunities from
      liability under state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if the
      disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of law,
      subject to certain conditions. Please see the Company s Confidential
      Information Policy for further details.   

10.  
             
       Right to
      Retain Shares Contingent on Continuing Non-Conflicting
      Employment   . In partial
      consideration for the award of these Performance Shares, in order to
      forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information, as well as to
      deter the Grantee s intentional interference with the contractual
      relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company, the Grantee s
      intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the
      Company or any Affiliated Company, and to promote fair competition, the
      Grantee agrees that the Grantee s right to the Shares upon settlement of
      the Performance Shares is contingent upon the Grantee refraining, during
      the term of the Performance Period and for a period of one (1) year after
      the Settlement Date, from rendering services, directly or indirectly, as
      director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or otherwise, to any
      Conflicting Organization except a Conflicting Organization whose business
      is diversified and that, as to that part of its business to which the
      Grantee renders services, is not a Conflicting Organization, provided that
      the Company shall receive separate written assurances satisfactory to the
      Company from the Grantee and the Conflicting Organization that the Grantee
      shall not render services during such period with respect to a Conflicting
      Product. If, prior to the expiration of the Performance Period or at any
      time within one (1) year after the Settlement Date, the Grantee shall
      render services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly
      permitted herein, the Grantee s right to the Shares upon settlement of the
      Performance Shares shall not have been earned and the Performance Shares,
      whether vested or not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Grantee
      shall immediately return to the Company the Shares or the pre-tax income
      derived from any disposition of the Shares.   THE GRANTEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH
      IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE GRANTEE FROM RENDERING
      SERVICES TO A CONFLICTING ORGANIZATION, BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION
      OF THE PERFORMANCE SHARES AND A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE
      GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF THE SHARES IF THE GRANTEE SHOULD CHOOSE TO
      RENDER SUCH SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF THE PERFORMANCE PERIOD OR WITHIN
      ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE SETTLEMENT DATE.     

11.  
      
       Repayment Obligation   . In the event that (1) the Company issues a restatement of
      financial results to correct a material error and (2) the Committee
      determines, in good faith, that the Grantee s fraud or willful misconduct
      was a significant contributing factor to the need to issue such
      restatement and (3) some or all of the Performance Shares that were
      granted and/or vested prior to such restatement would not have been
      granted and/or vested, as applicable, based upon the restated financial
      results, the Grantee shall immediately return to the Company the
      Performance Shares or any Shares or the pre-tax income derived from any
      disposition of the Shares previously received in settlement of the
      Performance Shares that would not have been granted and/or vested based
      upon the restated financial results (the  Repayment Obligation ). The
      Company shall be able to enforce the Repayment Obligation by all legal
      means available, including, without limitation, by withholding such amount
      from other sums owed by the Company to the Grantee.   

12.  
      
       Miscellaneous Provisions   .   

a.  
      
       Rights as a
      Stockholder   . Neither the
      Grantee nor the Grantee s transferee or representative shall have any
      rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject to this Award
      until the Performance Shares have been settled and Share certificates have
      been issued to the Grantee, transferee or representative, as the case may
      be.   

b.  
      
       Choice of Law,
      Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue   . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
      with, the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice
      of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or
      interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another
      jurisdiction.    The courts of the
      State of Delaware shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes or
      other proceedings relating to this Agreement, and venue shall reside with
      the courts in New Castle County, Delaware, including if jurisdiction shall
      so permit, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.     Accordingly, the
      Grantee agrees that any claim of any type relating to this Agreement must
      be brought and maintained in the appropriate court located in New Castle
      County, Delaware, including if jurisdiction will so permit, in the U.S.
      District Court for the State of Delaware. The Grantee hereby consents to
      the jurisdiction over the Grantee of any such courts and waives all
      objections based on venue or inconvenient
  forum.     
  - 6 -   

c.  
             
       Modification or Amendment   . This Agreement may be modified or amended
      by the Board or the Committee at any time; provided, however, no
      modification or amendment to this Agreement shall be made which would
      materially and adversely affect the rights of the Grantee, without such
      Grantee s written consent.   

d.  
      
       Severability   . In the event any provision of this
      Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality
      or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement,
      and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced to reflect the intent
      of the parties to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, and in the
      event that such provision is not able to be so construed and enforced,
      then this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or
      invalid provision had not been included. In amplification of the preceding
      sentence, in the event that the time period or scope of any provision is
      declared by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction to exceed the
      maximum time period or scope that such court or arbitrator deems
      enforceable, then such court or arbitrator shall have the power to reduce
      the time period or scope to the maximum time period or scope permitted by
      law.   

e.  
      
       References to Plan   . All references to the Plan shall be deemed
      references to the Plan as may be amended.   

f.  
      
       Headings   . The captions used in this Agreement are
      inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement
      for construction or interpretation.   

g.  
      
       Interpretation   . Any dispute regarding the interpretation
      of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Grantee or by the Company
      forthwith to the Board or the Committee, which shall review such dispute
      at its next regular meeting. The resolution of such dispute by the Board
      or the Committee shall be final and binding on all persons. It is the
      intention of the Company and the Grantee to make the promises contained in
      this Agreement reasonable and binding only to the extent that it may be
      lawfully done under existing applicable laws. This Agreement and the Plan
      constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between the Grantee and the
      Company, and it supersedes all prior agreements or understandings, whether
      written or oral, with respect to the grant of Performance Shares set forth
      in this Agreement.   

h.  
      
       Section 409A Compliance   . To the extent applicable, it is intended
      that the Plan and this Agreement comply with the requirements of Section
      409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) and any
      related regulations or other guidance promulgated with respect to such
      Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue
      Service ( Section 409A ). Any provision of the Plan or this Agreement that
      would cause this Award to fail to satisfy Section 409A shall have no force
      or effect until amended to comply with Section 409A, which amendment may
      be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A.   

Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to
      the contrary, if the Grantee is a  specified employee  (as defined in
      Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Department Regulations) at the time of
      the Grantee s  separation from service  (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h)
      of the Treasury Department Regulations), and a payment to the Grantee
      under this Agreement is subject to Section 409A and is being made to the
      Grantee on account of the Grantee s separation from service, then to the
      extent not paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year following the
      calendar year in which the separation from service occurred, such payment
      shall be delayed until the earlier of the date which is six (6) months
      after the date of the Grantee s separation from service or the date of
      death of the Grantee. Any payments that were scheduled to be paid during
      the six (6) month period following the Grantee s separation from service,
      but which were delayed pursuant to this Section 12(h), shall be paid
      without interest on, or as soon as administratively practicable after, the
      first day following the six (6) month anniversary of the Grantee s
      separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death).
      Any payments that were originally scheduled to be paid following the six
      (6) months after the Grantee s separation from service shall continue to
      be paid in accordance with their predetermined schedule.   

i.  
      
       Agreement with Terms  . Receipt of any benefits under this Agreement by
      the Grantee shall constitute the Grantee s acceptance of and agreement
      with all of the provisions of this Agreement and of the Plan that are
      applicable to this Agreement, and the Company shall administer this
      Agreement accordingly.      

THE CLOROX COMPANY    

By:   /s/ Benno Dorer   

Its:   Chairman and Chief Executive
  Officer    
  - 7 -   

THE GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A UNILATERAL CONTRACT AND THAT THE GRANTEE S RIGHT
TO THE SHARES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS ACCEPTED AND EARNED ONLY BY
CONTINUING EMPLOYMENT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER) AND BY
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE CRITERIA AND BY COMPLIANCE WITH THE GRANTEE S
VARIOUS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE GRANTEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT, NOR IN THE PLAN, SHALL CONFER UPON THE
GRANTEE ANY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO CONTINUATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY, NOR
SHALL IT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THE GRANTEE S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO
TERMINATE THE GRANTEE S EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON,
WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, AND WITH OR WITHOUT ADVANCE NOTICE EXCEPT AS MAY BE
REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.   
  The Grantee acknowledges that
a copy of the Plan and Plan Information are available for viewing on the
Company s internal HR website at
https://clxweb.clorox.com/hr/Pages/HRatClorox/HRContentPages/StockIncentiveProgram.aspx,
and the Company s Annual Report and Proxy Statement (the  Prospectus
Information ) are available for viewing on the Company s Clorox website at
http://investors.thecloroxcompany.com/sec.cfm. The Grantee hereby consents to
receive the Prospectus Information electronically or, in the alternative, to
contact the HR Service Center at 1-800-709-7095 to request a paper copy of the
Prospectus Information. The Grantee represents that s/he is familiar with the
terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Agreement subject to all
of the terms and provisions thereof. The Grantee has reviewed the Plan and this
Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of
counsel prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions
of the Agreement. The Grantee acknowledges and hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee
upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. The Grantee further
agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated
below.   

Dated:   
       
           Signed:   

Grantee     

Residence
      Address:   

- 8 -   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 clorox3118958-ex102.htm
 2016 US SO AGREEMENT CEC GL32

Exhibit
10.2    
  THE CLOROX COMPANY 2005
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN    NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT   
   NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION
GRANT    
 The Clorox Company, a Delaware
company (the  Company ), grants to the Optionee named below an option (the
 Option ) to purchase, in accordance with the terms of The Clorox Company 2005
Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) and this nonqualified stock option agreement
(the  Agreement ), the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the
 Shares ) at the exercise price per share (the  Exercise Price ) set forth as
follows:   

OPTIONEE:   
           
      (refer to UBS Financial Services Inc. ( UBS ) account for
      details)   
   
       OPTIONS GRANTED:   
      
      (refer to UBS account for details)   
   
       GRANT ID:   
      
      (refer to UBS account for details)   
   
       EXERCISE PER SHARE:   
      
      (refer to UBS account for details)   
   
       DATE OF GRANT:   
      
      (refer to UBS account for details)   
   
       EXPIRATION DATE:   
      
      Ten years from Date of Grant   
   
       VESTING SCHEDULE:   
      
      25% on each of the first four anniversaries of the Date of
      Grant     
   AGREEMENT      

1.  
       Grant of
      Option   . The Company hereby
      grants to the Optionee the Option to purchase the Shares at the Exercise
      Price, subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Plan and
      this Agreement. All terms, provisions, and conditions applicable to the
      Option set forth in the Plan and not set forth herein are incorporated by
      reference. To the extent any provision hereof is inconsistent with a
      provision of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. All
      capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement and not otherwise
      defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
    Plan.   

2.  
       Exercise
      of Option   .   

a.  
       Right to
      Exercise   . This Option shall
      be exercisable prior to the expiration date set forth above (the
       Expiration Date ), in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth
      above (the  Vesting Schedule ) and with the applicable provisions of the
      Plan and this Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this
      Agreement, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Expiration
      Date. Although vested within the meaning of Section 83 of the Internal
      Revenue Code since no substantial risk of forfeiture exists once the
      options become exercisable according to the Vesting Schedule above, the
      Options will not be earned until the Optionee has fulfilled all of the
      conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement, including, but not
      limited to, the obligations set forth in Sections 7(b), 7(c), 7(d), 7(e)
      and Section 8, and the Optionee shall have no right to retain the Shares
      or the value thereof upon vesting or exercise of the Options until all
      conditions precedent have been satisfied.   

b.  
       Method of
      Exercise   . This Option shall
      be exercisable only by delivery of an exercise notice (the  Exercise
      Notice ), available on the UBS website, the Company s designee, which
      shall state the election to exercise the Option, the whole number of
      vested Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised and such
      other provisions as may be required by the Committee. Such Exercise Notice
      shall be signed by the Optionee and shall be delivered by mail or fax, to
      the Company s designee accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The
      Company may require the Optionee to furnish or execute such other
      documents as the Company shall reasonably deem necessary (1) to evidence
      such exercise and (2) to comply with or satisfy the requirements of the
      Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any Applicable
      Laws. The Option shall be
      deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company s designee of such
      written notice accompanied by the Exercise
Price.   
   
  - 1 -   

No Shares will be issued
      pursuant to the exercise of the Option unless such issuance and such
      exercise shall comply with all Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance,
      for income tax purposes, the Shares shall be considered transferred to the
      Optionee on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such
      Shares.     

c.  
       Taxes   . Pursuant to
      Section 16 of the Plan, the Committee shall have the power and the right
      to deduct or withhold, or require the Optionee to remit to the Company, an
      amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding requirements
      applicable to this Option. The Committee may condition the issuance of
      Shares upon the Optionee s satisfaction of such withholding obligations.
      The Optionee may elect to satisfy all or part of such withholding
      requirement by tendering previously-owned Shares or by having the Company
      withhold Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory
      tax withholding rate that could be imposed on the transaction (or such
      other rate that will not result in a negative accounting impact) or in
      such other manner as is acceptable to the Company. Such election shall be
      irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Optionee, and shall be subject
      to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole
      discretion, deems appropriate.   

3.  
       Method of
      Payment   . Pursuant to
      Section 6(f) of the Plan and subject to such limitations as the Committee
      may impose (including prohibition of one or more of the following payment
      methods), payment of the Exercise Price may be made in cash or by check,
      Shares or a combination thereof.   

4.  
       Termination of Employment or Service and Expiration of Exercise
      Period   .   

a.  
       Termination of Employment or Service   . If the Optionee s employment or service
      with the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated, the Optionee may
      exercise all or part of this Option prior to the expiration dates set
      forth in paragraph (b) herein, but only to the extent that the Option had
      become vested before the Optionee s employment or service terminated.
      Notwithstanding the above, if the Optionee s termination of employment or
      service (1) is due to Retirement and is more than 12 months from the Date
      of Grant set forth in this Agreement, or (2) is due to death or
      Disability, the Option shall become 100% vested and shall remain
      exercisable until the expiration dates determined pursuant to paragraph
      (b) of this Section.   

When the Optionee s employment or service with the Company and its
      Subsidiaries terminates (except when due to Retirement, death or
      Disability), this Option shall expire immediately with respect to the
      number of Shares for which the Option is not yet vested. If the Optionee
      dies after termination of employment or service, but before the expiration
      of the Option, all or part of this Option may be exercised (prior to
      expiration) by the personal representative of the Optionee or by any
      person who has acquired this Option directly from the Optionee by will,
      bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that the Option was vested
      and exercisable upon termination of the Optionee s employment or
      service.   

b.  
       Expiration of Exercise Period   . Upon termination of the Optionee s
      employment or service with the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Option
      shall expire on the earliest of the following occasions:   

i.  
      The Expiration
      Date;   

ii.  
      The date ninety (90)
      days following the termination of the Optionee s employment or service for
      any reason other than Cause, death, Disability, or
Retirement;   

iii.  
      The date one year
      following the termination of the Optionee s employment or service due to
      death or Disability;   

iv.  
      The date five (5)
      years following the termination of the Optionee s employment or service
      due to Retirement, provided the Optionee s Retirement is more than 12
      months from the Date of Grant set forth in this Agreement; or   

v.  
      The date of
      termination of the Optionee s employment or service for
  Cause.    
  - 2 -   

c.  
     
         Definition of
       Retirement.    For purposes of this
      Agreement, the Optionee s employment or service shall be deemed to have
      terminated due to  Retirement  if the Optionee terminates employment or
      service as an Employee for any reason, including Disability (but other
      than for Cause) after (1) twenty (20) or more years of  vesting service, 
      which solely for purposes of this Agreement, shall be calculated under
      Article  III of The Clorox Company 401(k) Plan (the  401(k) Plan )
      entitled  Service  along with any other relevant provisions of the 401(k)
      Plan necessary or desirable to give full effect thereto, or any successor
      provisions, regardless of the status of the Optionee with respect to the
      401(k) Plan ( Vesting Service ), or (2) attaining age fifty-five (55) with
      ten (10) or more years of Vesting Service.     

d.  
       Definition of  Disability.     For purposes of this Agreement, the Optionee s employment shall
      be deemed to have terminated due to the Optionee s Disability if the
      Optionee is entitled to long-term disability benefits under the Company s
      long-term disability plan or policy, as in effect on the date of
      termination of the Optionee s employment.   

5.  
       Change in
      Control   . Upon the
      occurrence of a Change in Control, unless otherwise specifically
      prohibited under Applicable Laws or by the rules and regulations of any
      governing governmental agencies or national securities exchanges, the
      Option shall become 100% vested and immediately exercisable, unless such
      Option is assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity;
      provided, however, that in the event the Participant s employment is
      terminated without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason upon or
      within twenty-four (24) months following consummation of a Change in
      Control, any replacement awards will become immediately exercisable. For
      purposes of this Agreement, the term  Good Reason  shall have the meaning
      set forth in any employment agreement or severance agreement or policy
      applicable to the Optionee. If the Optionee is not a party to any
      agreement or covered by a policy in which a definition of  Good Reason  is
      provided, then the following definition shall apply:   

Good
      Reason  means resignation of the Optionee in connection with the
      occurrence of any of the following events without the Optionee s written
      consent (provided that notice of such event is provided within 90 days
      following the first occurrence thereof):   

a.  
      The
      assignment to the Optionee of any duties inconsistent in any material
      respect with the Optionee s position (including offices, titles and
      reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as they
      existed at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
      Change in Control, or any other action by the Company which results in a
      material diminution in such position, authority, duties or
      responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial
      and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the
      Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Optionee;
      or   

b.  
      Any material
      reduction by the Company of the Optionee s Base Salary or bonus target,
      other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not
      occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after
      receipt of notice thereof given by the Optionee; or   

c.  
      The Company
      requires the Optionee to be based at any office or location which
      increases his commute by more than 50 miles from his commute immediately
      prior to the Change in Control.   

Any notice
      provided by the Optionee under this  Good Reason  provision shall mean a
      written notice which (1) indicates the specific termination provision in
      the Good Reason definition relied upon, (2) to the extent applicable, sets
      forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
      a basis for termination of the Optionee s employment under the provision
      so indicated and (3) the Optionee s intended separation date if the
      Company does not cure the issue (which date shall be not less than thirty
      (30) days after the giving of such notice).   

6.  
       Transferability of Option   . This Option shall not be transferable by the Optionee other than
      by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option shall be
      exercisable during the Optionee s lifetime only by the Optionee or on his
      or her behalf by the Optionee s guardian or legal
  representative.   

7.  
       Protection of Trade Secrets and Limitations on
      Exercise   .   

a.  
       Definitions   .   

i.  
        Affiliated Company     means any organization controlling, controlled by or under common
      control with the Company.    
  - 3 -   

ii.  
        Confidential Information     means the Company s technical or business or
      personnel information not readily available to the public or generally
      known in the trade, including inventions, developments, trade secrets and
      other confidential information, knowledge, data and know-how of the
      company or any Affiliated Company, whether or not they originated with the
      Optionee, or information which the Company or any Affiliated Company
      received from third parties under an obligation of
      confidentiality.     

iii.  
        Conflicting Product     means any product, process, machine, or
      service of any person or organization, other than the Company or any
      Affiliated Company, in existence or under development that (1) resembles
      or competes with a product, process, machine, or service upon or with
      which the Optionee shall have worked during the two years prior to the
      Optionee s termination of employment with the Company or any Affiliated
      Company or (2) with respect to which during that period of time the
      Optionee, as a result of his/her job performance and duties, shall have
      acquired knowledge of Confidential Information, and whose use or
      marketability could be enhanced by application to it of Confidential
      Information. For purposes of this section, it shall be conclusively
      presumed that the Optionee has knowledge of information to which s/he has
      been directly exposed through actual receipt or review of memorandum or
      documents containing such information or through actual attendance at
      meetings at which such information was discussed or
      disclosed.     

iv.  
        Conflicting Organization     means any person or organization that is
      engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development,
      production, marketing or selling of a Conflicting Product.   

b.  
       Right to Retain
      Shares Contingent on Protection of Confidential
      Information   . In partial
      consideration for the award of this Option, the Optionee agrees that at
      all times, both during and after the term of the Optionee s employment
      with the Company or any Affiliated Company, to hold in the strictest
      confidence, and not to use (except for the benefit of the Company at the
      Company s direction) or disclose (except for the benefit of the Company at
      the Company s direction), regardless of when disclosed to the Optionee,
      any and all Confidential Information of the Company or any Affiliated
      Company. The Optionee understands that for purposes of this Section 7(b),
      Confidential Information further includes, but is not limited to,
      information pertaining to any aspect of the business of the Company or any
      Affiliated Company which is either information not known (or known as a
      result of a wrongful act of the Optionee or of others who were under
      confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved) by actual or
      potential competitors of the Company or other third parties not under
      confidentiality obligations to the Company. If, prior to the expiration of
      the Option or at any time within one (1) year after the date of exercise
      of all or any portion of the Option, the Optionee discloses or uses, or
      threatens to disclose or use, any Confidential Information other than in
      the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or any
      Affiliated Company), the unexercised portion of the Option, whether vested
      or not, will be immediately forfeited and cancelled, and the Optionee
      shall immediately return to the Company the Shares or the pre-tax income
      derived from any disposition of the Shares.   

c.  
       No Interference
      with Customers or Suppliers   . In partial consideration for the award of this Option, in order
      to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential Information as well as
      to avoid the Optionee s intentional interference with the contractual
      relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company, the Optionee s
      intentional interference with prospective economic advantage of the
      Company or any Affiliated Company and to promote fair competition, the
      Optionee agrees that the Optionee s right to exercise this Option is
      contingent upon the Optionee refraining, prior to the expiration of the
      Option and for a period of one (1) year after the date of exercise, for
      himself/herself or any third party, directly or indirectly, from using
      Confidential Information to (1) divert or attempt to divert from the
      Company (or any Affiliated Company) any business of any kind in which it
      is engaged, or (2) intentionally solicit its customers with which it has a
      contractual relationship as to Conflicting Products, or interfere with the
      contractual relationship with any of its suppliers or customers
      (collectively,  Interfere ). If, during the term of the Option or at any
      time within one (1) year after the date of exercise of all or any portion
      of the Option, the Optionee breaches his/her obligation not to Interfere,
      the Optionee s right to the Shares upon exercise of the Option shall not
      have been earned and the unexercised portion of the Option, whether vested
      or not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Optionee shall immediately
      return to the Company any Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option or
      the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of such Shares. For
      avoidance of doubt, the  term
       Interfere  shall not include any advertisement of Conflicting Products
      through the use of media intended to reach a broad public audience (such
      as television, cable or radio broadcasts, or newspapers or magazines) or
      the broad distribution of coupons through the use of direct mail or
      through independent retail outlets.    THE OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH IS NOT INTENDED TO
      AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED, BUT
      PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE UNEXERCISED
      PORTION OF THE OPTION AND A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF SHARES ISSUED UPON AN
      EXERCISE OF THE OPTION IF THE OPTIONEE SHOULD CHOOSE
      TO VIOLATE THIS  NO INTERFERENCE WITH CUSTOMERS OR
      SUPPLIERS  PROVISION PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OPTION OR WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER EXERCISE.      
  - 4 -   

d.  
       No Solicitation of Employees   . In partial consideration for the award of
      this Option, in order to forestall the disclosure or use of Confidential
      Information, as well as to deter the Optionee s intentional interference
      with the contractual relations of the Company or any Affiliated Company,
      the Optionee s intentional interference with prospective economic
      advantage of the Company or any Affiliated Company, and to promote fair
      competition, the Optionee agrees that the Optionee s right to exercise
      this Option is contingent upon the Optionee refraining, prior to the
      expiration of the Option and for a period of one (1) year after the date
      of exercise, for himself/herself or any third party, directly or
      indirectly, from soliciting for employment any person employed by the
      Company, or by any Affiliated Company, during the period of the solicited
      person s employment and for a period of one (1) year after the termination
      of the solicited person s employment with the Company or any Affiliated
      Company (collectively  Solicit ). If, during the term of the Option or at
      any time within one (1) year after the date of exercise of all or any
      portion of the Option, the Optionee breaches his/her obligation not to
      Solicit, the Optionee s right to the Shares upon exercise of the Option
      shall not have been earned and the unexercised portion of the Option,
      whether vested or not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Optionee
      shall immediately return to the Company any Shares acquired upon exercise
      of the Option or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of such
      Shares.    THE OPTIONEE
      UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT PROHIBIT THE CONDUCT DESCRIBED, BUT
      PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE UNEXERCISED PORTION OF THE OPTION AND
      A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE GROSS TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF
      SHARES ISSUED UPON AN EXERCISE OF THE OPTION IF THE OPTIONEE SHOULD CHOOSE
      TO VIOLATE THIS NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES PROVISION PRIOR TO THE
      EXPIRATION OF THE OPTION OR WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER
    EXERCISE.    

e.  
       Injunctive and Other Available
      Relief   . By acceptance of
      this Option, the Optionee acknowledges that, if the Optionee were to
      breach or threaten to breach his/her obligation hereunder not to Interfere
      or Solicit or not to disclose or use any Confidential Information other
      than in the course of performing authorized services for the Company (or
      any Affiliated Company), the harm caused to the Company by such breach or
      threatened breach would be, by its nature, irreparable because, among
      other things, damages would be significant and the monetary harm that
      would ensue would not be able to be readily proven, and that the Company
      would be entitled to injunctive and other appropriate relief to prevent
      threatened or continued breach and to such other remedies as may be
      available at law or in equity. To the extent not prohibited by law, any
      cancellation of the Option pursuant to any of Sections 7(b) through 7(d)
      above shall not restrict, abridge or limit in any fashion the types and
      scope of injunctive and other available relief to the
Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this
      Agreement to the contrary, nothing under this Agreement shall limit,
      abridge, modify or otherwise restrict the Company (or any Affiliated
      Company) from pursuing any or all legal, equitable or other appropriate
      remedies to which the Company may be entitled under any other agreement
      with the Optionee, any other plan, program, policy or arrangement of the
      Company (or any Affiliated Company) under which the Optionee is covered or
      participates, or any applicable law, all to the fullest extent not
      prohibited under applicable law.   

f.  
       Permitted Reporting and
      Disclosure   . Notwithstanding
      any language in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement
      prohibits Optionee from reporting possible violations of federal law or
      regulation to any governmental agency or governmental entity, or making
      other disclosures that are protected under federal law or regulation;
      provided, that, in each case such communications and disclosures are
      consistent with applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no
      circumstance is Optionee authorized to disclose any information covered by
      the Company s attorney-client privilege or attorney work  product or the Company s trade secrets
      without prior written consent of the Company s General Counsel. Any
      reporting or disclosure permitted under this Section 7(f) shall not result
      in the cancellation of Options. Optionee is entitled to certain immunities
      from liability under state and federal law for disclosing trade secrets if
      the disclosure was made to report or investigate an alleged violation of
      law, subject to certain conditions. Please see the Company s Confidential
      Information Policy for further details.     
  - 5 -   

8.  
       Right to
      Retain Shares Contingent on Continuing Non-Conflicting
      Employment   . In partial
      consideration for the award of this Option in order to forestall the
      disclosure or use of Confidential Information, as well as to deter the
      Optionee s intentional interference with the contractual relations of the
      Company or any Affiliated Company, the Optionee s intentional interference
      with prospective economic advantage of the Company or any Affiliated
      Company, and to promote fair competition, the Optionee agrees that the
      Optionee s right to exercise this Option is contingent upon the Optionee
      refraining, prior to the expiration of the Option and for a period of one
      (1) year after the date of exercise, from rendering services, directly or
      indirectly, as director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or
      otherwise, to any Conflicting Organization except a Conflicting
      Organization whose business is diversified and that, as to that part of
      its business to which the Optionee renders services, is not a Conflicting
      Organization, provided that the Company shall receive separate written
      assurances satisfactory to the Company from the Optionee and the
      Conflicting Organization that the Optionee shall not render services
      during such period with respect to a Conflicting Product. If, prior to the
      expiration of the Option or at any time within one (1) year after the date
      of exercise of all or any portion of the Option, the Optionee shall render
      services to any Conflicting Organization other than as expressly permitted
      herein, the Optionee s right to the Shares upon exercise of the Option
      shall not have been earned and the unexercised portion of the Option,
      whether vested or not, will be immediately cancelled, and the Optionee
      shall immediately return to the Company any Shares acquired upon exercise
      of the Option or the pre-tax income derived from any disposition of such
      Shares.    THE OPTIONEE
      UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS PARAGRAPH IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES
      NOT PROHIBIT THE OPTIONEE FROM RENDERING SERVICES TO A CONFLICTING
      ORGANIZATION, BUT PROVIDES FOR THE CANCELLATION OF THE UNEXERCISED PORTION
      OF THE OPTION AND A RETURN TO THE COMPANY OF THE SHARES OR THE GROSS
      TAXABLE PROCEEDS OF SHARES ISSUED UPON AN EXERCISE OF THE OPTION IF THE
      OPTIONEE SHOULD CHOOSE TO RENDER SUCH SERVICES PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF
      THE OPTION OR WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER EXERCISE.    

9.  
       Repayment Obligation   . In the event that (1) the Company issues a significant
      restatement of financial results and (2) the Committee determines, in good
      faith, that the Optionee s fraud or misconduct was a significant
      contributing factor to such restatement and (3) some or all of the Option
      that was granted and/or vested prior to such restatement would not have
      been granted and/or vested, as applicable, based upon the restated
      financial results, the Optionee shall immediately return to the Company
      the unexercised portion of the Option and any Shares or the pre-tax income
      derived from any disposition of the Shares previously received in upon
      exercise of the Option that would not have been granted and/or vested
      based upon the restated financial results. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall
      the Repayment Obligation apply to any portion of the Option that vested
      more than four years prior to the date the applicable restatement is
      announced. The Company shall be able to enforce the Repayment Obligation
      by all legal means available, including, without limitation, by
      withholding such amount from other sums owed by the Company to the
      Optionee.   

10.  
       Miscellaneous Provisions   .   

a.  
       Rights as a
      Stockholder   . Neither the
      Optionee nor the Optionee s transferee or representative shall have any
      rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject to this Option
      until the Option has been exercised and Share certificates have been
      issued to the Optionee, transferee or representative, as the case may
      be.   

b.  
       Choice of Law,
      Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue   . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
      with, the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice
      of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or
      interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another
      jurisdiction.     The courts
      of the State of Delaware shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any
      disputes or other proceedings relating to this Agreement, and venue shall
      reside with the courts in New Castle County, Delaware, including if
      jurisdiction shall so permit, the U.S. District Court for the District of
      Delaware.     Accordingly,
      the Optionee agrees that any claim of any type relating to this  Agreement must be brought and maintained in
      the appropriate court located in New Castle County, Delaware, including if
      jurisdiction will so permit, in the U.S. District Court for the State of
      Delaware. The Optionee hereby consents to the jurisdiction over the
      Optionee of any such courts and waives all objections based on venue or
      inconvenient forum.      
        - 6 -   

c.  
       Modification or
      Amendment   . This Agreement
      may be modified or amended by the Board or the Committee at any time;
      provided, however, no modification or amendment to this Agreement shall be
      made which would materially and adversely affect the rights of the
      Optionee, without such Optionee s written consent.   

d.  
       Severability   . In the
      event any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for
      any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining
      provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed and
      enforced to reflect the intent of the parties to the fullest extent not
      prohibited by law, and in the event that such provision is not able to be
      so construed and enforced, then this Agreement shall be construed and
      enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had not been included. In
      amplification of the preceding sentence, in the event that the time period
      or scope of any provision is declared by a court or arbitrator of
      competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum time period or scope that
      such court or arbitrator deems enforceable, then such court or arbitrator
      shall have the power to reduce the time period or scope to the maximum
      time period or scope permitted by law.   

e.  
       References to
      Plan   . All references to the
      Plan shall be deemed references to the Plan as may be
amended.   

f.  
       Headings   . The
      captions used in this Agreement are inserted for convenience and shall not
      be deemed a part of this Option for construction or
    interpretation.   

g.  
       Interpretation   . Any
      dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted
      by the Optionee or by the Company forthwith to the Board or the Committee,
      which shall review such dispute at its next regular meeting. The
      resolution of such dispute by the Board or the Committee shall be final
      and binding on all persons. It is the intention of the Company and the
      Optionee to make the promises contained in this Agreement reasonable and
      binding only to the extent that it may be lawfully done under existing
      applicable laws. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire and
      exclusive agreement between the Optionee and the Company, and it
      supersedes all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or
      oral, with respect to the grant of Options set forth in this
      Agreement.   

h.  
       Section 409A
      Compliance   . To the extent
      applicable, it is intended that the Plan and this Agreement comply with
      the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
      amended (the  Code ) and any related regulations or other guidance
      promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the
      Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service ( Section 409A ). Any provision
      of the Plan or this Agreement that would cause this Award to fail to
      satisfy Section 409A shall have no force or effect until amended to comply
      with Section 409A, which amendment may be retroactive to the extent
      permitted by Section 409A.   

i.  
       Agreement with
      Terms   . Receipt of any
      benefits under this Agreement by the Optionee shall constitute the
      Optionee s acceptance of and agreement with all of the provisions of this
      Agreement and of the Plan that are applicable to this Agreement, and the
      Company shall administer this Agreement
accordingly.     

THE CLOROX
      COMPANY      
   
      By:   
      /s/ Benno
      Dorer     
   
      Its:  
      Chairman and
      Chief Executive Officer    
 
  - 7 -   

THE OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A UNILATERAL CONTRACT AND THAT THE OPTIONEE S
RIGHT TO THE SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OPTION HEREOF IS ACCEPTED AND EARNED ONLY BY
CONTINUING EMPLOYMENT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER)
AND BY COMPLIANCE WITH THE OPTIONEE S VARIOUS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
THE OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT, NOR
IN THE PLAN, SHALL CONFER UPON THE OPTIONEE ANY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO
CONTINUATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY, NOR SHALL IT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY
WITH THE OPTIONEE S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE OPTIONEE S
EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, AND
WITH OR WITHOUT ADVANCE NOTICE EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
  
  The Optionee acknowledges that
a copy of the Plan and Plan Information are available for viewing on the
Company s internal HR website at   https://clxweb.clorox.com/hr/Pages/HRatClorox/HRContentPages/StockIncentiveProgram.aspx  , and the Company s Annual Report and Proxy
Statement (the  Prospectus Information ) are available for viewing on the
Company s Clorox website at   http://investors.thecloroxcompany.com/sec.cfm  . The Optionee hereby consents to receive the
Prospectus Information electronically or, in the alternative, to contact the HR
Service Center at 1-800-709-7095 to request a paper copy of the Prospectus
Information. The Optionee represents that s/he is familiar with the terms and
provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Agreement subject to all of the
terms and provisions thereof. The Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this
Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of
counsel prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions
of this Agreement. The Optionee acknowledges and hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee
upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. The Optionee
further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address
indicated below.   

Dated:   
       
         Signed:     

Optionee     

Residence
      Address:   

- 8 -   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 clorox3118958-ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
31.1   
   CERTIFICATION

I, Benno
      Dorer,       certify that:     
   
      1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Clorox
      Company;   
   
      2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
      statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
      make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
      statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
      this report;   
   
      3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
      financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   
   
      4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed
      such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
      controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
      that material information relating to the registrant, including its
      consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
      entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      designed
      such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
      control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
      provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
      reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
      purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles;   

c)  
      evaluated
      the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
      and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
      the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed
      in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.   
   
      5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
      based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
      reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
      registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      functions):   

a)  
      all
      significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
      operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
      reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
      process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud,
      whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
      have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
      financial reporting.     

Date:
      November 2, 2016   

/s/ Benno Dorer   
   
      Benno
      Dorer   
   
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 clorox3118958-ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit
31.2   
   CERTIFICATION

I, Stephen M. Robb,
      certify that:    
   
      1.  
      I have reviewed this
      quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Clorox Company;   
   
      2.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   
   
      3.  
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   
   
      4.  
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
      maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
      reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
      the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

b)  
      designed such
      internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
      over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
    reporting.   
   
      5.  
      The registrant s
      other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
      evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
      registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
      directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Date:
      November 2, 2016   

/s/ Stephen M. Robb   
   
      Stephen M.
      Robb   
   
      Executive
      Vice President - Chief Financial Officer     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 clorox3118958-ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32    
   CERTIFICATION
   
  In connection with the
periodic report of The Clorox Company (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Report"), we, Benno Dorer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Stephen M. Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63,
Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to our knowledge:   

(1)  
      the Report
      fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as
      applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and   
   
      (2)  
      the
      information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
      respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
      at the dates and for the periods indicated.    
  This Certification has not
been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.   
  Date: November 2, 2016

/s/ Benno Dorer   
   
      Benno
      Dorer   
   
      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Stephen M. Robb   
   
      Stephen M.
      Robb   
   
      Executive
      Vice President - Chief Financial Officer     

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 clx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 clx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 clx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 clx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 clx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 clx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

