<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161003_10-Q_edgar_data_1653876_0001683168-16-000230_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>910500</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>41505</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>72452</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>183197</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>295904</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>294084</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000230.hdr.sgml : 20161003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161003084737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOMENTOUS HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				320471741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-207163
		FILM NUMBER:		161914567

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3, FLOOR 3,
		STREET 2:		148 CAMBRIDGE HEATH ROAD
		CITY:			LONDON, ENGLAND
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			E15QJ
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44-744-430-1337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3, FLOOR 3,
		STREET 2:		148 CAMBRIDGE HEATH ROAD
		CITY:			LONDON, ENGLAND
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			E15QJ

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000230.txt : 20161003

10-Q
 1
 momentous_10q-083116.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly
Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended  August 31,
2016  

Transition
Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to__________ 

Commission File Number:  333-207163  

MOMENTOUS HOLDINGS CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada   
       
       7900   
       
       32-0471741    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (Primary Standard Industrial  
 Classification Code Number)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification Number)   

Suite 3, Floor 3, 148 Cambridge Heath Road,

London, E1 5QJ, United Kingdom  

 (address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area
code:     +44 744 430 1337    

IncSmart.biz, Inc.  

  4264 Lady Burton St.  

  Las Vegas, NV 89129  

 (Name and address of agent for service of process) 

COPIES OF COMMUNICATIONS TO:  

  W. Scott Lawler, Booth Udall Fuller  

  1255 W. Rio Salado Pkwy., Ste. 215  

  Tempe, AZ 85281  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days      Yes        No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      Yes       
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer  
            
      Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer  
            
      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      Yes        No 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 3,785,000 shares as of
October 3, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page(s)   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1: 
       
     Financial Statements 
       
     3-5 

Notes to the unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  
       
     6-8 

Item 2:  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of   Operations   
       
     9 

Item 3:  
       
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     12 

Item 4:  
       
      Controls and Procedures   
       
     12 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1:  
       
      Legal Proceedings   
       
     13 

Item 1A:  
       
      Risk Factors   
       
     13 

Item 2:  
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     13 

Item 3:  
       
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     13 

Item 4:  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     13 

Item 5:  
       
      Other Information   
       
     13 

Item 6:  
       
      Exhibits   
       
     13 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  Item. Financial Statements  

Momentous Holdings Corp.   

   Balance Sheet   

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

Momentous Holdings Corp.   

   Statements of Comprehensive Loss   

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

Momentous Holdings Corp.   

   Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

Momentous Holdings Corp.  

Notes to the Financial Statements 

 August 31, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION  

We were incorporated as Momentous Holdings
Corp. (the  Company ) on May 29, 2015 in the State of Nevada for the purpose of designing, acquiring and developing
mobile apps and mobile software for download by end consumers. 

Prior to forming Momentous Holdings Corp.,
Mr. Horan, our founder and president, operated the business as a sole proprietor under the dba  Health   Fitness Apps .
He started the business on December 2, 2013, when he purchased a computer, and started working on product designs and the company s
website. The first sales occurred in early 2014, prior to the formation of Momentous Holdings Corp. Subsequently, Mr. Horan contributed
the business assets and liabilities of his sole proprietorship into Momentous Holdings Corp., in exchange for 500,000 shares of
our common stock. 

Our overall aim is to design, acquire and develop
mobile applications ( app/apps ) and mobile software for download by end consumers. Our goal is to have a training,
health and fitness, well-being app for everyone. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation   

The accounting and reporting policies of the
Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). 

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of Momentous Holdings Corp., and James Horan doing business as Health   Fitness Apps which have been
accounted for as a combination of entities under common control. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated upon consolidation. 

The Company is considered to be in the development
stage as defined in ASC 915   Development Stage Entities.   The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts
to the development of its business plans. The Company has elected to adopt early application of Accounting Standards Update No.
2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements; and does not present
or disclose inception-to-date information and other remaining disclosure requirements of Topic 915. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes. Significant estimates and assumptions are required in the determination of the fair value of financial
instruments and the valuation of long-lived and indefinite-lived assets. Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex,
and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company follows FASB ASC 605  Revenue
Recognition  and recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized
or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: 

1. persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 

 2. the product has been shipped or the services
have been rendered to the customer; 

 3. the sales price is fixed or determinable;
and, 

 4. collectability is reasonably assured. 

Income Taxes   

We use the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized
for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences
resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to
reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely
than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

Software Development cost  

The Company accounts for software development
costs in accordance with ASC 350-40, whereby all costs incurred during the preliminary stage of a development project should be
charged to expense as incurred. Capitalization of costs begins after the preliminary stage has been completed, management commits
to funding the project, it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used for its intended function.
All post-implementation costs are charged to expense as incurred. Accordingly, direct internal and external costs associated with
the development of the features and functionality of the Company s software, incurred during the application development
stage, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method of the estimated life of five years. 

Net Loss Per Share  

Basic net income (loss) per share amounts are
computed based on the weighted average number of shares actually outstanding. Diluted net income (loss) per share amounts are computed
using the weighted average number of common shares and common equivalent shares outstanding as if shares had been issued on the
exercise of any common share rights unless the exercise becomes antidilutive and then only the basic per share amounts are shown
in the report. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

The functional currency of the Company is Great
British Pounds (GBP). Assets and liabilities of our operations are translated into United States dollar equivalents using the exchange
rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates during each period
and equity accounts are translated at historical cost. Adjustments resulting from the process of translating foreign functional
currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders  deficit. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

From time to time new accounting pronouncements are issued by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that may have an impact on the Company s accounting
and reporting. The Company believes that such recently issued accounting pronouncements and other authoritative guidance for which
the effective date is in the future will not have an impact on its accounting or reporting or that such impact will not be material
to its financial position, results of operations and cash flows when implemented. 

NOTE 3 - GOING CONCERN  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The Company has generated minimal revenues since inception, has an accumulated deficit of $52,967 and
has incurred losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The continuing operations of the Company are
dependent upon its ability to continue to raise adequate financing and to commence profitable operations in the future and repay
its liabilities arising from normal business operations as they become due. 

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property consists of equipment purchased for
the production of revenues. As of: 

Assets are depreciated over their useful lives beginning when placed
in service. Depreciation expense was $75 and $87 for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and the year ended May 31, 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 5- INCOME TAXES  

The reconciliation of income tax provision (benefit) at the U.S.
statutory rate of 34% for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and for the year to May 31, 2016 to the Company s effective
tax rate is as follows: 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the Company s
net deferred tax assets as of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016 are as follows: 

The Company has approximately $53,000 of net
operating losses ( NOL ) carried forward to offset taxable income, if any, in future years which expire commencing
in fiscal 2035. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon
the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all deferred tax asset relating
to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

NOTE 6 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

As of August 31, 2016 and May 31, 2016, the
balance of the amounts due to the director was $10,117 and $11,318, respectively. The amounts loaned to and from the director are
unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. The Company s officer has provided office services without charge. Such
costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly are not reflected herein. 

NOTE 7   CAPITAL STOCK  

There were 3,785,000 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding at August 31, 2016. There were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at August 31,
2016. 

NOTE 8   CONCENTRATION  

Once customer accounted for 100% of total revenue
earned during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 100% of the accounts receivable is due from this customer at August
31, 2016 and 2015. 

Item 2. Management Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

Management's statements contained in this portion
of the prospectus are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. Factors which could have a material adverse effect
on the operations and future prospects of the Company on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to, those matters discussed
under the section entitled  Risk Factors,  above. Such risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking
statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Our Plan for the Next 12 Months  

The following is a list of business goals and
milestones we wish to accomplish within the next twelve months. 

Secure necessary funds   

Product Development, Facility and Equipment   

Engage in advertising and marketing   

Hire skilled employees to complete our team   

Pay for legal and accounting costs   

Our first major milestones will be securing
funds and upping the scale of our production. This is our primary focus. In three years, we hope to have established our brand,
apps and company in the United States, United Kingdom and internationally. 

Product Development, Facility and Equipment   

Should we secure sufficient funding we intend
to develop our existing apps to include the following features with associated costs: 

1)  
      Develop a feature that provides the user with suggested exercises once a particular muscle/muscle group is chosen. Also to include the ability to show exercises previously completed to explain users delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS). This feature would also record previous exercises completed by the user to allow progress tracking and progress reports. The cost of these additions would be approximately $25,000 and take two months to implement.   

2)  
      Add a  shuffle  feature in which the app randomly suggests a full body exercise program for any given day as opposed to  shuffling  between the same muscle groups as the app currently does. This would cost approximately $7,600 and would take two weeks to implement.   

3)  
      Include the ability for users to share completed training programs via social media/networking, such as Strava, map My Run, My Fitness Plan, Twitter, Instagram and Facebook. This allows people to share their work-outs and also promotes the app. This would be achieved within a few days and would cost approximately $2,000.   

4)  
      Add a function that allows the recording or cardiovascular exercises. This feature would cost approximately $9,000 and would take a month to implement.   

5)  
      After a workout the user is asked to grade their effort, this may not be accurate, particularly in beginners. The addition of a more detailed recording function to record sets/repetitions/time with beginner, intermediate, experience variations. Due to the complexity or calculating the required algorithms this would cost approximately $11,500 and one month to implement.   

6)  
      Add an additional feature to sell products through the app to include supplements, exercise clothing, footwear etc. This feature will allow us to develop our own clothing or retail other brands and provide a secondary revenue stream. This feature will take one month to develop and will cost approximately $8,000.   

7)  
      Add a function to illustrate a male or female muscular anatomy depending on the user, currently the app only shows a male muscular illustration. This required extensive programming and could cost between $3,800 and $7,600 and could be achieved within a month.   

As we currently outsource the development of
our apps the above costs would hold true unless we employed our own developer. We estimate we could employ a proficient developer
for around $55,000 per annum. This would allow us to implement the above changes and develop new apps. The cost of a new app developed
by an external provider would be in excess of $25,000. Depending on our ability raise funding it may be more cost effective to
employ a developer than outsource the development of our apps. This would also require us to purchase equipment and lease a facility.
We suspect a suitable facility could be found for $15,000 p.a. and equipment costs would be in the region of $15,000 to include
computers and software licenses. 

In the event we are able to raise less than
100% of our offering, we will have to scale back our planned development, leasing of a facility and taking on full time staff.
Thus, for instance, if we are only raise 50% to 100% of our offering, we will use external providers to develop our existing apps.
In the event we are only able to raise less than 50%, we will focus on points 1, 2 and 4 of the above list. In the event that we
are only able to raise 25% or $40,000, we will focus on points 1, 2 and 3 of the above list with the balance of funding to be allocated
to an advertising campaign to increase consumer awareness. 

Advertising and Marketing   

We intend to increase our marketing and web
presence immediately/when funding is received. We intend to instruct a specialist search engine optimization (SEO) and marketing
expert to help penetrate new market opportunities in the US, UK and other countries. 

Our objectives are to: increase downloads of the free app globally
and increase conversion rates from the  lite  to the purchased version. 

We estimate initially this will cost $2,750
per month for 20 hours of dedicated support. This can be increased to $4,000 per month for 50 hours and $7,300 per month for 100
hours should we raise sufficient funds. We will primarily look to focus on organic routes such as strong SEO and social media presence
using Apple iTunes, Google AdWords, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Google AdWords for example allows you to choose where your
ad appears, on which specific websites and in which geographical areas (states, towns, or even neighborhoods), allowing for targeted
marketing. 

We intend to budget a total of $10,000 for
marketing and advertising if we sell 100% of our offering. The shortfall in funds to complete the above objections is expected
to be met by our revenues. In the event we are able to raise less than 100% of our offering, we will have to scale back on advertising
and marketing in the order of preference outlined above. Thus, for instance, if we are only raise 50% to 100% of our offering,
we will develop search engine optimization with less money involved in our marketing campaign. In the event we are only able to
raise less than 50%, we will have to consider our options with available revenues. We will implement these campaigns once we have
developed our existing apps. It is important that we improve the app before increasing advertising. As sales have been seasonal
we will try to develop the apps immediately to ensure marketing is implemented in line with seasonal downloads. A budget will be
allocated to advertising once we have secured funding or gross profits allow within the next 3 to 6 months. 

Labor   

We estimate we could employ a proficient developer
for around $55,000 per annum. This would allow us to implement the above changes and develop new apps. The cost of a new app developed
by an external provider would be in excess of $25,000. Depending on our ability raise funding it may be more cost effective to
employ a developer than outsource the development of our apps. This would also require us to purchase equipment and lease a facility. 

Should we raise sufficient funding we would
start recruiting immediately. Alternatively we could continue to outsource elements of the development process as required until
such a time those full time employees are financially viable. We would expect this to be within the next 12-24 months though organic
growth should we not receive sufficient funding to recruit immediately. Required training will be funded through revenues or proceeds
of our offering and employees will be sent on formal training courses offered by suitable industry trainers. We intend to hire
new employees depending on our development needs as funds are available. We expect this will be within the next 3 to 6 months and
it will be prioritized in order of merit and depending on the increase in sales. 

Offering Expenses, Legal and Accounting   

In order to fund our operations and pay offering
expenses of $10,000, we believe that we need the $200,000 in proceeds from our offering that went effective December 31, 2015.
We are required to compensate legal and accounting professionals as we meet our reporting obligations with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We believe this will costs us approximately $25,000 for the next twelve months. 

Results of Operations for the three months
to August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Our total revenue reported for the three months
to August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $67 and $247, respectively. 

We expect revenues to increase for the year
ended May 31, 2017 as a result of increased sales resulting from improved marketing, app development and new app launches. If we
are able to raise money, we hope to generate revenues from new apps, advertising and merchandise sales through our existing apps. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses were $10,697 and $466 for
the three months to August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our operating expenses for the three months to August 31, 2016 and
2015 consisted of general and administrative expenses. 

We anticipate our operating expenses will increase
as we undertake our plan of operations. The increase will be attributable to the measures described above to implement our business
plan and the professional fees associated with our becoming a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Net Loss   

Net loss for the three months to August 31,
2016 and 2015 were $10,630 and $219, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of August 31, 2016, we had total assets
of $23,939, consisting of cash of $23,486, account receivable of $45 and $408 of property and equipment. We had current liabilities
of $14,945 as of August 31, 2016 consisting of an advance from related party of $10,117 and accounts payable of $4,828. Accordingly,
we had a working capital surplus of $8,586 as of August 31, 2016. 

Operating activities expended $ 10,545 in cash
for the three months to August 31, 2016. 

Our ability to operate beyond May 31, 2017,
is contingent upon us obtaining additional financing and/or upon realizing sales revenue sufficient to fund our ongoing expenses.
Until we are able to sustain our ongoing operations through sales revenue, we intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity
financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital, or other cash requirements.
We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the sales of stock or the advancement or loan of funds at this time.
There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Going Concern  

Our assets at August 31, 2016 total $23,939.
This amount does not provide adequate working capital for us to successfully operate our business and to service our debt. Expenses
incurred to the date of this prospectus are being recorded our books as they occur. This raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining additional working capital. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of August 31, 2016, there were no off balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all
registrants list their most  critical accounting polices  in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated
that a  critical accounting policy  is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial
condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We do not believe that any accounting policies
currently fit this definition. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

We do not expect the adoption of recently issued
accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk  

A smaller reporting company is not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As required by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated our company's disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end
of the period covered by this report, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information
required to be disclosed by our company in reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities Exchange Commission and to ensure
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company's management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk
assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of both United States generally accepted accounting principles and Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.
Management anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until the material weaknesses are remediated. 

We plan to take steps to enhance and improve
the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement
the following changes during our fiscal year ending May 31, 2017, subject to obtaining additional financing: (i) appoint additional
qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out above are largely dependent upon
our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such
funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding.
We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5% or more
of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 1A: Risk Factors  

A smaller reporting company is not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds  

None 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None 

Item 6. Exhibits   

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description of Exhibit    
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instances Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document    

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Momentous Holdings Corp.  

Date:   
      October 3, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ James Horan   

James Horan  

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer  

<EX-31.2>
 2
 momentous_10q-3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, James Horan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Momentous Holdings, Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly report; 

4. The small business issuer s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this Quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the small business issuer s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of small business issuer s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

By: 
      /s/ James Horan   
 
      Date: October 3, 2016  
         
      James Horan   

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 momentous_10q-3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Nooroa Ogden, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q
of Momentous Holdings Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly report; 

4. The small business issuer s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this Quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the small business issuer s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of small business issuer s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal
control over financial reporting. 

By: 
      /s/ Nooroa Ogden   
 
      Date: October 3, 2016  
        
      Nooroa Ogden   

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 momentous_10q-3201.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Momentous Holdings Corp., (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), James Horan, Chief Executive Officer, do hereby
certify, pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/  James Horan  
 
      By: James Horan   
 
      Its: Chief Executive Officer   

October 3, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 none-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 none-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

