<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_86264_0001213900-16-018385_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4281393</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112406</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>225676</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1366328</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623896</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>860147</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>59</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018385.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114134506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carbon Natural Gas Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000086264
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				260818050
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02040
		FILM NUMBER:		161993344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY, SUITE 1170
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80290
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-407-7043

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY, SUITE 1170
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80290

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ST LAWRENCE SEAWAY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018385.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_carbonnatural.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

U NITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C.20549   

FORM
10-Q   

Quarterly report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For
the quarter ended September 30, 2016  

or  

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________ to ____________  

Commission
File Number: 000-02040  

CARBON
    NATURAL GAS COMPANY    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:    (720) 407-7043   

(Former
    name, address and fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Company was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

YES                         NO     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to rule 405 of Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

YES                         NO     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer    
      Accelerated
    filer    
      Non-accelerated
    filer    
      Smaller
    reporting company     

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

YES                         NO     

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

At
November 10, 2016, there were 110,638,849 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, $0.01 par value.     

Carbon
Natural Gas Company  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Part
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  Consolidated Financial Statements  

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets (unaudited)  
      2   

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations (unaudited)  
      3   

Consolidated
    Statements of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited)  
     4  

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)  
      5   

Notes
    to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      6   

Item
    2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      19   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures  
      32   

Part
    II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      33   

Item
    6. Exhibits  
      33   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
    1.   
       Financial
    Statements    

CARBON
NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets   

See
accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

CARBON
NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

CARBON
NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders  Equity   

   (Unaudited)   

   (in
thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

CARBON
NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

CARBON
NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

   (Unaudited)   

Note
1   Organization   

Carbon
Natural Gas Company ( Carbon  or the  Company ) is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the exploration,
development and production of oil and natural gas in the United States. The Company s business is comprised of the assets
and properties of Nytis Exploration (USA) Inc. ( Nytis USA ) and its subsidiary Nytis Exploration Company LLC ( Nytis
LLC ) which conducts the Company s operations in the Appalachian and Illinois Basins. Collectively, Carbon, Nytis
USA and Nytis LLC are referred to as the Company.  

Note
2   Liquidity   

The
accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business for the twelve month period following the date of these Consolidated Financial Statements.   

On
October 3, 2016, Nytis LLC completed an acquisition of producing natural gas wells and natural gas gathering facilities located
in the Appalachia Basin. In connection with and concurrently with the closing of the acquisition, the Company entered into a four
year $100.0 million senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with LegacyTexas Bank. The initial borrowing base established
under the credit facility is $17.0 million. See Note 6   Bank Credit Facility and Note 14   Subsequent Events, for
additional information.  

Based
on these events, the Company believes that with the cash flow from Carbon s expanded asset base, as well as access to undrawn
debt capacity under the new credit facility, the Company will have sufficient liquidity to fund normal recurring operating needs,
anticipated capital expenditures (other than the potential acquisition of additional oil and natural gas properties) and its contractual
obligations.  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying
unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring accruals) considered necessary
to present fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, the Company s results of operations for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the Company s cash flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of
the results that may be expected for the full year because of the impact of fluctuations in prices received for oil and natural
gas, natural production declines, the uncertainty of exploration and development drilling results and other factors. For a more
complete understanding of the Company s operations, financial position and accounting policies, the unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements and the notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

In
the course of preparing the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, management makes various assumptions, judgments and estimates
to determine the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and in the disclosures of commitments and contingencies.
Changes in these assumptions, judgments and estimates will occur as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future
events and accordingly, actual results could differ from amounts initially established.  

Principles
of Consolidation   

The
unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Carbon, Nytis USA and its consolidated subsidiary. Carbon
owns 100% of Nytis USA. Nytis USA owns approximately 99% of Nytis LLC.  

Nytis
LLC also holds an interest in various oil and gas partnerships. For partnerships where the Company has a controlling interest,
the partnerships are consolidated. The Company is currently consolidating on a pro-rata basis 47 partnerships. In these instances,
the Company reflects the non-controlling ownership interest in partnerships and subsidiaries as non-controlling interests on its
Consolidated Statements of Operations and also reflects the non-controlling ownership interests in the net assets of the partnerships
as non-controlling interests within stockholders  equity on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)    

In
accordance with established practice in the oil and gas industry, the Company s unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
also include its pro-rata share of assets, liabilities, income, lease operating costs and general and administrative expenses
of the oil and gas partnerships in which the Company has a non-controlling interest.  

Non-majority
owned investments that do not meet the criteria for pro-rata consolidation are accounted for using the equity method when the
Company has the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the investee. When the Company does not have the
ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of an investee, the cost method is used. All transactions, if any,
with investees have been eliminated in the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Accounting
for Oil and Gas Operations   

The
Company uses the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties. Accordingly, all costs incidental to the acquisition,
exploration and development of oil and gas properties, including costs of undeveloped leasehold, dry holes and leasehold equipment,
are capitalized. Overhead costs incurred that are directly identified with acquisition, exploration and development activities
undertaken by the Company for its own account, and which are not related to production, general corporate overhead or similar
activities, are also capitalized.  

Unproved
properties are excluded from amortized capitalized costs until it is determined whether or not proved reserves can be assigned
to such properties. The Company assesses its unproved properties for impairment at least annually. Significant unproved properties
are assessed individually.  

Capitalized
costs are depleted by an equivalent unit-of-production method, converting oil to gas at the ratio of one barrel of oil to six
thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Depletion is calculated using capitalized costs, including estimated asset retirement costs,
plus the estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing proved reserves, net of estimated
salvage values.  

No
gain or loss is recognized upon disposal of oil and gas properties unless such disposal significantly alters the relationship
between capitalized costs and proved reserves. All costs related to production activities, including work-over costs incurred
solely to maintain or increase levels of production from an existing completion interval, are charged to expense as incurred.  

The
Company performs a ceiling test quarterly. The full cost ceiling test is a limitation on capitalized costs prescribed by SEC Regulation
S-X Rule 4-10. The ceiling test is not a fair value based measurement. Rather, it is a standardized mathematical calculation.
The ceiling test provides that capitalized costs less related accumulated depletion and deferred income taxes may not exceed the
sum of (1) the present value of future net revenue from estimated production of proved oil and gas reserves using the un-weighted
arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the month price for the previous twelve month period, excluding the future cash outflows
associated with settling asset retirement obligations that have been accrued on the balance sheet, at a discount factor of 10%;
plus (2) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any; plus (3) the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties
included in the costs being amortized, if any; less (4) income tax effects related to differences in the book and tax basis of
oil and gas properties. Should the net capitalized costs exceed the sum of the components noted above, a ceiling test write-down
would be recognized to the extent of the excess capitalized costs. Such impairments are permanent and cannot be recovered in future
periods even if the sum of the components noted above exceeds the capitalized costs in future periods.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not recognize a ceiling test impairment as the Company s full
cost pool did not exceed the ceiling limitations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a ceiling
test impairment of approximately $4.3 million as the Company s full cost pool exceeded ceiling limitations during the first
six months of 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30,  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)    

2015,
the Company did not recognize a ceiling test impairment. Future declines in oil and natural gas prices, and increases in future
operating expenses and future development costs could result in additional impairments of our oil and gas properties in future
periods. The effects of low commodity prices may continue to impact the ceiling test value until such time that prices improve.
Impairment charges are a non-cash charge and accordingly, do not affect cash flow, but adversely affect our net income and stockholders 
equity.  

Investments
in Affiliates   

Investments
in non-consolidated affiliates are accounted for under either the equity or cost method of accounting as appropriate. The cost
method of accounting is used for investments in affiliates in which the Company has less than 20% of the voting interests of a
corporate affiliate or less than a 5% interest of a partnership or limited liability company and does not have significant influence.
Investments in non-consolidated affiliates, accounted for using the cost method of accounting, are recorded at cost and an impairment
assessment of each investment is made annually to determine if a decline in the fair value of the investment, other than temporary,
has occurred. A permanent impairment is recognized if a decline in the fair value occurs. If the Company holds between 20% and
50% of the voting interest in non-consolidated corporate affiliates or greater than a 5% interest in partnerships or limited liability
companies and exercises significant influence or control, the equity method of accounting is used to account for the investment.
The Company s investment in affiliates that are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, increases or decreases
by the Company s share of the affiliate s profits or losses and such profits or losses are recognized in the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company reviews equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that an other than temporary decline in value has occurred. The amount of the impairment is based on
quoted market prices, where available, or other valuation techniques.  

Asset
Retirement Obligations   

The
Company s asset retirement obligations ( ARO ) relate to future costs associated with the plugging and abandonment
of oil and gas wells, removal of equipment and facilities from leased acreage and returning such land to its original condition.
The fair value of a liability for an ARO is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the cost of such liability is recorded
as an increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset by the same amount. The liability is accreted each period
and the capitalized cost is depleted on a units-of-production basis as part of the full cost pool. Revisions to estimated AROs
result in adjustments to the related capitalized asset and corresponding liability.  

The
estimated ARO liability is based on estimated economic lives, estimates as to the cost to abandon the wells in the future, and
federal and state regulatory requirements. The liability is discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate estimated at the
time the liability is incurred or increased as a result of a reassessment of expected cash flows and assumptions inherent in the
estimation of the liability. Upward revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in estimated abandonment costs or well
economic lives, or if federal or state regulators enact new requirements regarding the abandonment of wells. AROs are valued utilizing
Level 3 fair value measurement inputs.  

The
following table is a reconciliation of the ARO for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)    

Earnings
Per Common Share   

Basic
earnings or loss per common share is computed by dividing the net income or loss attributable to common shareholders for the period
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The shares of restricted common stock granted to
certain officers and employees of the Company are included in the computation of basic net income or loss per share only after
the shares become fully vested. Diluted earnings per common share includes both the vested and unvested shares of restricted stock
and the potential dilution that could occur upon exercise of options and warrants to acquire common stock, computed using the
treasury stock method, which assumes that the increase in the number of shares is reduced by the number of shares which could
have been repurchased by the Company with the proceeds from the exercise of options and warrants (which were assumed to have been
made at the average market price of the common shares during the reporting period).  

The
following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share:  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a net loss and therefore, the diluted net loss per
share calculation excluded the anti-dilutive effect of approximately 250,000 warrants and approximately 5.8 million and 5.0 million
non-vested shares of restricted stock in 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
approximately 6.0 million restricted performance units, in each period, subject to future contingencies are excluded from the
basic and diluted loss per share. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, approximately 6.3 million restricted
performance units, subject to future contingencies, were excluded from the basic and diluted loss per share in each respective
period.  

Adopted
and Recently Issued Pronouncements   

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,  Improvements To Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). The objective of this ASU is to simplify several aspects of the accounting
for employee share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Portions of this ASU must be applied prospectively while other portions
may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting ASU 2016-09. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The objective of this ASU is to increase
transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing
key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2018 and should be applied using a modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting ASU 2016-02.  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)    

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ).
The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15
is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016 and annual and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements of adopting ASU 2014-15.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ).
The objective of ASU 2014-09 is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard for
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-14, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10
and ASU 2016-12, which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 and provided additional implementation guidance. These ASUs
are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 31, 2017. The standards permit
retrospective application using either of the following methodologies: (i) restatement of each prior reporting period presented
or (ii) recognition of a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting these standards on its Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the transition method to be applied.  

Note
4   Property and Equipment    

Net
property and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consists of the following:  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately $3.1 million and $3.2 million, respectively, of unproved
oil and gas properties not subject to depletion. The costs not subject to depletion relate to unproved properties that are excluded
from amortized capital costs until it is determined whether or not proved reserves can be assigned to such properties. The excluded
properties are assessed for impairment at least annually. Subject to industry conditions, evaluation of most of these properties
and the inclusion of their costs in amortized capital costs is expected to be completed within five years.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company capitalized general and administrative expenses applicable to
development and exploration activities of approximately $142,000 and $133,000, respectively. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company capitalized general and administrative expenses applicable to development and exploration activities
of approximately $431,000 and $421,000, respectively.  

Depletion
expense related to oil and gas properties for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $368,000, or
$0.60 per Mcfe, and approximately $578,000, or $0.87 per Mcfe, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, depletion expense was approximately $1.2 million, or $0.68 per Mcfe, and approximately $1.8 million, or $0.94 per Mcfe,
respectively.  

Note
4   Property and Equipment (continued)    

Depreciation
and amortization expense related to furniture and fixtures, computer hardware and software and other equipment for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $25,000 and $34,000, respectively, and for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $85,000 and $106,000, respectively.  

Note
5  Equity Method Investment    

The
Company has a 50% interest in Crawford County Gas Gathering Company, LLC ( CCGGC ) which owns and operates pipelines
and related gathering and treating facilities. The Company s gas production located in Illinois is gathered and transported
on CCGGC s gathering facilities. The Company s investment in CCGGC is accounted for under the equity method of accounting,
and its share of the income or loss is recognized. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
equity method loss of approximately $10,000 and income of approximately $6,000, respectively, related to this investment. In addition,
during the first quarter of 2016, the Company received a cash distribution of $275,000 from CCGGC.  

Note
6   Bank Credit Facility   

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma. On October 3, 2016, in connection with and
concurrently with the closing of an acquisition of producing natural gas wells and natural gas gathering facilities located in
the Appalachian Basin (the  EXCO Acquisition ), Carbon entered into a 4-year $100.0 million senior secured asset-based
revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with LegacyTexas Bank. LegacyTexas Bank is the initial lender and
acts as administrative agent.  

The
Credit Facility has a maximum availability of $100.0 million (with a $0.5 million sublimit for letters of credit), which availability
is subject to the amount of the borrowing base. The initial borrowing base established under the Credit Facility is $17.0 million.  

The
Credit Facility is guaranteed by each existing and future direct or indirect subsidiary of Carbon (subject to certain exceptions).
The obligations of Carbon and the subsidiary guarantors under the Credit Facility are secured by pledges of the equity of Nytis
USA held by Carbon and the equity of Nytis LLC held by Nytis USA and by essentially all tangible and intangible personal and real
property of the Company.  

Interest
is payable quarterly and accrues on borrowings under the Credit Facility at a rate per annum equal to either (i) the base rate
plus an applicable margin between 0.50% and 1.50% or (ii) the Adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin between 3.50% and
4.50% at Carbon s option. The actual margin percentage is dependent on the Credit Facility utilization percentage. Carbon
is obligated to pay certain fees and expenses in connection with the Credit Facility, including a commitment fee for any unused
amounts of 0.50% and an origination fee of 0.75%.   

The
Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability
to (i) incur additional debt; (ii) incur additional liens; (iii) sell, transfer or dispose of assets; (iv) merge or consolidate,
wind-up, dissolve or liquidate; (v) make dividends and distributions on, or repurchases of, equity; (vi) make certain investments;
(vii) enter into certain transactions with its affiliates; (viii) enter into sales-leaseback transactions; (ix) make optional
or voluntary payments of debt; (x) change the nature of its business; (xi) change its fiscal year to make changes to the accounting
treatment or reporting practices; (xii) amend constituent documents; and (xiii) enter into certain hedging transactions.  

The
affirmative and negative covenants are subject to various exceptions, including certain basket amounts and acceptable transaction
levels. In addition, the Credit Facility requires Carbon s compliance, on a consolidated basis, with (i) a maximum funded
Debt/EBITDA ratio of 3.5 to 1.0 and (ii) a minimum current ratio of 1.0 to 1.0, commencing with the quarter ending March 31, 2017.

Carbon
may at any time repay the loans under the Credit Facility, in whole or in part, without penalty. Carbon must pay down borrowings
under the Credit Facility or provide mortgages of additional oil and natural gas properties to the extent that outstanding loans
and letters of credit exceed the borrowing base.   

Note
6   Bank Credit Facility (continued)   

As
required under the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company has agreed to establish pricing for a certain percentage of its production
through the use of derivative contracts. To that end, the Company has entered into an ISDA Master Agreement with BP Energy Company
that establishes standard terms for the derivative contracts and an inter-creditor agreement with LegacyTexas Bank and BP Energy
Company whereby any credit exposure related to the derivative contracts entered into by the Company and BP Energy Company is secured
by the collateral and backed by the guarantees supporting the Credit Facility.  

Initial
borrowings under the Credit Facility were used (i) to pay off and terminate Nytis LLC s existing credit facility with Bank
of Oklahoma, (ii) to pay the purchase price of the EXCO Acquisition, (iii) to pay costs and expenses associated with the EXCO
Acquisition and (iv) to provide working capital for the Company.   

Note
7   Income Taxes   

The
Company recognizes deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
The Company has net operating loss carryforwards available in certain jurisdictions to reduce future taxable income. Future tax
benefits for net operating loss carryforwards are recognized to the extent that realization of these benefits is considered more
likely than not. To the extent that available evidence raises doubt about the realization of a deferred income tax asset, a valuation
allowance is established.  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company has established a full valuation allowance against the balance of net deferred tax assets.  

Note
8   Stockholders  Equity    

Authorized
and Issued Capital Stock   

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had 200,000,000 shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $0.01 per share, of which
110,638,849 were issued and outstanding. The Company also had 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value
of $0.01 per share, none of which were issued and outstanding. During the first nine months of 2016, the increase in the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock was a result of the vesting of restricted stock and performance units during the period.  

Equity
Plans Prior to Merger   

Pursuant
to the merger of Nytis USA with and into the Company in 2011, all options, warrants and restricted stock were adjusted to reflect
the conversion ratio used in the merger. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has 250,000 warrants outstanding and exercisable
and approximately 490,000 shares of common stock outstanding that are subject to restricted stock agreements.  

Nytis
USA Restricted Stock Plan   

As
of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 489,000 shares of unvested restricted stock granted under the Nytis USA Restricted
Stock Plan ( Nytis USA Plan ). The Company accounted for these grants at their intrinsic value. From the dates of
grant through March 31, 2013, the Company estimated that none of these shares would vest and accordingly, no compensation cost
had been recorded through March 31, 2013.  

In
June 2013, the vesting terms of these restricted stock grants were modified so that 25% of the shares would vest on the first
of January from 2014 through 2017. As such, the Company is recognizing compensation expense for these restricted stock grants
based on the fair value of the shares on the date the vesting terms were modified. Compensation costs recognized for these restricted
stock grants were approximately $84,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and approximately $252,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $84,000 of unrecognized compensation
costs related to these restricted stock grants which the Company expects will be recognized ratably over the next three months.  

Note
8   Stockholders  Equity (continued)    

Carbon
Stock Incentive Plans   

The
Company has two stock plans, the Carbon 2011 and 2015 Stock Incentive Plans (collectively the  Carbon Plans ). The
Carbon Plans were approved by the shareholders of the Company and in the aggregate provide for the issuance of 22.6 million shares
of common stock to Carbon s officers, directors, employees or consultants eligible to receive these awards under the Carbon
Plans.  

The
Carbon Plans provide for granting Director Stock Awards to non-employee directors and for granting Incentive Stock Options, Non-qualified
Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Performance Awards and Phantom Stock Awards, or a combination of the foregoing as is best
suited to the circumstances of the particular employee, officer or consultant.  

Restricted
Stock   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 2.5 million shares of restricted stock were granted under the terms of
the Carbon Plans in addition to approximately 6.6 million shares granted during previous years. For employees, these restricted
stock awards either vest ratably over a three-year service period or cliff vest after a three year service period. For non-employee
directors, the awards vest upon the earlier of a change in control of the Company or the date their membership on the Board of
Directors is terminated other than for cause. The Company recognizes compensation expense for these restricted stock grants based
on the grant date fair value of the shares, amortized ratably over three years for employee awards (based on the required service
period for vesting) and seven years for non-employee director awards (based on a market survey of the average tenure of directors
among U.S. public companies). As of September 30, 2016, approximately 3.9 million of these restricted stock grants have vested
and approximately 5.2 million shares are unvested.  

Compensation
costs recognized for these restricted stock grants were approximately $186,000 and $201,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately $554,000 and $560,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1.4 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to these
restricted stock grants. This cost is expected to be recognized over the next 6.8 years.  

Restricted
Performance Units   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 1.6 million shares of performance units were granted under the terms of the Carbon Plans
in addition to approximately 6.4 million shares granted during previous years. The performance units represent a contractual right
to receive one share of the Company s common stock subject to the terms and conditions of the agreements including the achievement
of certain performance measures relative to a defined peer group or the growth of certain performance measures over a defined
period of time for the Company as well as the lapse of forfeiture restrictions pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements,
including for certain of the grants, the requirement of continuous employment by the grantee prior to a change in control of the
Company. Based on the relative achievement of performance, approximately 6.0 million restricted performance units are outstanding
as of September 30, 2016.  

The
Company accounts for the performance units granted during 2012 and 2014 through 2016 at their fair value determined at the date
of grant. The final measurement of compensation cost will be based on the number of performance units that ultimately vest. At
September 30, 2016, the Company estimated that none of the performance units granted in 2012 and 2016 would vest due to change
in control and other performance provisions and accordingly, no compensation cost has been recorded for these performance units.
At September 30, 2016, the Company estimated that it was probable that certain of the performance units granted in 2014 and 2015
would vest and compensation costs of approximately $1.1 million related to these performance units were recognized for the three
months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, if change in control provisions pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the agreements are met in full, the estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to the performance units granted in 2012
and 2014 through 2016 would be approximately $2.6 million.  

Note
8   Stockholders  Equity (continued)    

The
performance units granted in 2013 contain specific vesting provisions, no change in control provisions nor any performance conditions
other than stock price performance. Due to different vesting requirements compared to the performance units granted in 2012 and
2014 through 2016, the Company recognizes compensation expense for the performance units granted in 2013 based on the grant date
fair value of the performance units, amortized ratably over three years (the performance period). The fair value of the performance
units granted in 2013 was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation ( MCS ) valuation model using the following key
assumptions: no expected dividends, volatility of our stock and those of defined peer companies used to determine our performance
relative to the defined peer group, a risk free interest rate and an expected life of three years. Compensation costs recognized
for these performance unit grants were nil and approximately $86,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and approximately $127,000 and $259,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30,
2016, compensation costs related to performance units granted in 2013 have been fully recognized.  

Note
9   Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities    

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist of the following:  

Note
10   Fair Value Measurements    

Authoritative
guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price)
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance establishes a hierarchy for inputs
used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring
that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that
reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best
information available under the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the
inputs as follows:  

Level
    1:  
      Quoted
    prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level
    2:  
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities that are observable for the asset or liability; or   

Level
    3:  
      Unobservable
    pricing inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources, such as discounted cash flow models or valuations.   

Financial
assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The
Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and/or out of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period
for which the event or change in circumstances caused the transfer. The Company has consistently applied the valuation techniques
discussed below for all periods presented.  

Note
10   Fair Value Measurements (continued)    

The
following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring
basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 by level within the fair value hierarchy:  

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with the Bank of Oklahoma. In connection with the termination of
the credit facility, the Company closed all of its open commodity derivative financial instruments in which Bank of Oklahoma was
its counterparty and paid the amounts due Bank of Oklahoma subsequent to September 30, 2016. The fair values of these agreements
are determined under an income valuation technique. The valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms,
published forward prices, volatilities for options, and discount rates, as appropriate. The Company s estimates of fair
value of derivatives include consideration of the counterparty s credit worthiness, the Company s credit worthiness
and the time value of money. The consideration of these factors resulted in an estimated exit-price for each derivative asset
or liability under a market place participant s view. All of the significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly;
therefore, the Company s derivative instruments are included within the Level 2 fair value hierarchy.  

Assets
Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis   

The
fair value of the following liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis are based on unobservable
pricing inputs and therefore, are included within the Level 3 fair value hierarchy.  

The
Company uses the income valuation technique to estimate the fair value of asset retirement obligations using the amounts and timing
of expected future dismantlement costs, credit-adjusted risk-free rates and time value of money. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded asset retirement obligations for additions of approximately $5,000 and nil,
respectively. See Note 3 for additional information.  

Note
11   Physical Delivery Contracts and Commodity Derivatives   

The
Company has historically used commodity-based derivative contracts to manage commodity price exposure on certain of its oil and
natural gas production. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
The Company also enters into, on occasion, oil and natural gas physical delivery contracts to effectively provide price hedges.
Because these contracts are not expected to be net cash settled, they are considered to be normal sales contracts and not derivatives
and therefore these contracts are not recorded at fair value in the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. At September
30, 2016, these physical oil and gas sales contracts provide for sale prices that approximate regional market index prices.  

Note
11   Physical Delivery Contracts and Commodity Derivatives (continued)   

In
connection with the closing of the EXCO Acquisition and entering into the Credit Facility with LegacyTexas Bank (see Note 14 -
Subsequent Events for additional information), the Company has entered into swap derivative agreements to hedge certain of its
oil and natural gas production for 2016 through 2019. As of November 10, 2016, these derivative agreements consisted of the following:  

(a)    NYMEX
                                         Henry Hub Natural Gas futures contract for the respective period.    

(b)    NYMEX
                                         Light Sweet Crude West Texas Intermediate futures contract for the respective period.    

For
its swap instruments, the Company receives a fixed price for the hedged commodity and pays a floating price to the counterparty.
The fixed-price payment and the floating-price payment are netted, resulting in a net amount due to or from the counterparty.  

The
following table summarizes the fair value of the derivatives recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These derivative instruments
are not designated as cash flow hedging instruments for accounting purposes:  

The
table below summarizes the realized (settled) and unrealized gains and losses related to the Company s derivative instruments
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These realized and unrealized gains or losses are recorded and
included in commodity derivative gain or loss in the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

Realized
gains and losses from commodity derivative contracts are included in cash flows from operating activities in the Company s
unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  

Note
11   Physical Delivery Contracts and Commodity Derivatives (continued)   

Prior
to the termination of the credit facility on September 30, 2016, Bank of Oklahoma was the counterparty to all of the Company s
derivative instruments. Accordingly, the Company was not required to post collateral since the bank was secured by the Company s
oil and gas assets. The Company nets its derivative instrument fair value amounts executed with its counterparty pursuant to an
ISDA master agreement, which provides for the net settlement over the term of the contract and in the event of default or termination
of the contract. The following table summarizes the location and fair value amounts of all derivative instruments in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, as well as the gross recognized derivative assets, liabilities and amounts offset in the
unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet:  

Net        

Gross            
                   
      Recognized        

Recognized            
      Gross            
      Fair
    Value        
 
      Balance Sheet
    Classification       
      Assets/            
      Amounts            
      Assets/        
 
      (in
    thousands)       
      Liabilities            
      Offset            
      Liabilities        

Commodity
    derivative assets:       

Current
derivative assets       
      $    41            
      $    (41    )       
      $    -        
 
      Total
    derivative assets       
      $    41            
      $    (41    )       
      $    -        

Commodity
    derivative liabilities:       

Current
    derivative liabilities       
           305            
           (41    )       
           264        
 
      Total
    derivative liabilities       
      $    305            
      $    (41    )       
      $    264        

Due
to the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, the estimated fair value of the Company s commodity derivatives are subject
to large fluctuations from period to period.  

Note
12   Commitments   

The
Company has entered into long-term firm transportation contracts to ensure the transport for certain of its gas production to
purchasers. Firm transportation volumes and the related demand charges for the remaining term of these contracts at September
30, 2016 are summarized in the table below.  

A
liability of approximately $524,000 related to firm transportation contracts assumed in a 2011 asset acquisition, which represents
the remaining commitment, is reflected on the Company s unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016. The
fair value of these firm transportation obligations were determined based upon the contractual obligations assumed by the Company
and discounted based upon the Company s effective borrowing rate. These contractual obligations are being amortized on a
monthly basis as the Company pays these firm transportation obligations in the future.  

Note
13   Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure   

Supplemental
cash flow disclosures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented below:  

Note
14   Subsequent Events    

On October 3, 2016, Nytis LLC closed the EXCO
Acquisition consisting of producing natural gas wells and natural gas gathering facilities located in the Appalachian Basin. The
acquisition was pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement (the  EXCO Purchase Agreement ), effective October 1, 2016
by and among EXCO Production Company (WV), LLC, BG Production Company (WV), LLC and EXCO Resources (PA) LLC (collectively, the
 Sellers ) and Nytis LLC, as the buyer. The acquired assets will significantly increase the natural gas production
of the Company and will position the Company to generate additional shareholder value through increased cash flow, significantly
reduced general and administrative expenses (per unit of production) and a broad inventory of value enhancing development projects,
along with increased financial and operational flexibility. The purchase price of the acquired assets pursuant to the EXCO Purchase
Agreement was $9 million, subject to normal and customary closing and post-closing adjustments. 

The
Acquisition is comprised of 2,334 natural gas wells which are currently producing approximately 9,300 net Mcfe of gas per day
(95% natural gas) and have an average working interest and average net revenue interest of 95% and 79%, respectively. Also included
are over 900 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines and associated compression facilities. Nytis LLC will operate the wells
and gathering systems.  

In
connection with and concurrently with the closing of the EXCO Acquisition, the Company entered into a four year $100.0 million
senior secured asset-based revolving Credit Facility with LegacyTexas Bank. Borrowings under the Credit Facility were used (i)
to pay off and terminate Nytis LLC s exiting credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma, (ii) to pay the purchase price for the
EXCO Acquisition, (iii) to pay costs and expenses associated with the EXCO Acquisition and the Credit Facility and (iv) to provide
working capital for the Company. See Note 6   Bank Credit Facility for additional information.  

As
of the date of filing this quarterly report, the Company did not have information available to present pro forma financials and
will present at a later date.  

ITEM
    2.   
        Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

General
Overview   

All
expectations, forecasts, assumptions and beliefs about our future results, condition, operations and performance are forward-looking
statements as described under the heading   Forward Looking Statements   at the end of this Item. Our actual
results may differ materially because of a number of risks and uncertainties. The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and the information included
or incorporated by reference in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) under the headings   Risk Factors   and   Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   

Carbon
is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural
gas properties located in the Appalachian and Illinois Basins of the United States. We focus on conventional and unconventional
reservoirs, including shale, tight sands and coalbed methane. Our executive offices are located in Denver, Colorado and we maintain
an office in Lexington, Kentucky from which we conduct our oil and natural gas operations.  

At
September 30, 2016, our proved developed reserves were comprised of 10% oil and 90% natural gas. Our current capital expenditure
program is focused on the development of our oil and coalbed methane reserves. We believe that our drilling inventory and lease
position, combined with our low operating expense and cost structure, provides us with a portfolio of opportunities for the development
of our oil and natural gas properties. Our operating plan is centered on the following activities:  

Development
                                         and maintenance of a portfolio of low risk, long-lived oil and natural gas properties
                                         that provide stable cash flows and attractive risk adjusted rates of return; and                                                                                                                                              

Producing
                                         property and land acquisitions which provide attractive risk adjusted rates of return
                                         and which can complement our existing asset base.    

The
following table highlights the quarterly average NYMEX oil and natural gas prices for the last eight calendar quarters:  

Oil
prices have fallen since reaching highs of over $105.00 per barrel in 2014 and dropped below $23.00 per barrel in February 2016.
Natural gas prices have also declined from over $4.80 per Mcf in 2014 to below $1.70 per Mcf in March 2016. Although oil and natural
gas prices have begun to recover from the lows experienced during the first quarter of 2016, forecasted prices for both oil and
natural gas remain low. Lower oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease the Company s revenues, but may also reduce
the amount of oil and natural gas that can be produced economically and potentially lower our oil and natural gas reserves. A
substantial or extended decline in oil or natural gas prices may result in future impairments of our proved reserves and may materially
and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations or liquidity.  

The Company uses the full cost method of accounting
for oil and gas properties and performs a ceiling test quarterly. Because the ceiling calculation requires a rolling 12-month
average commodity price, the effect of lower prices in 2015 and 2016 caused the Company to recognize ceiling test impairments
of approximately $5.4 million and approximately $4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

Impairment
charges do not affect cash flows from operating activities, but do adversely affect net income and stockholders  equity.
If commodity prices continue to stay low, this may impact the ceiling test value until such time as commodity prices improve.
In addition, extended depressed oil and natural gas prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial
condition, cash flows and liquidity. Low oil and natural gas prices may also reduce the amount of borrowing base under our bank
credit facility, which is determined at the discretion of our lender.  

Future
acquisitions or dispositions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations by increasing or
decreasing our reserves, production and revenues as well as expenses and future capital expenditures. We currently anticipate
that we would finance future acquisitions by selling non-strategic properties or through issuance of additional equity or debt.  

Operational
Highlights   

At
September 30, 2016, we had over 266,000 net acres of mineral leases located in the Appalachian and Illinois Basins of the United
States. Approximately 51% of this acreage is held by production and, of the remaining acreage, approximately 51% have lease terms
of greater than five years remaining in the primary term or contractual extension periods.  

The
principal focus of our leasing, drilling and completion activities is directed at a Berea Sandstone Formation horizontal oil drilling
program in eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia. At September 30, 2016, we have over 41,000 net mineral acres in the development
area. Since 2010, we have drilled 54 gross horizontal wells in the drilling program. During the program, we have enhanced our
well performance, improved well drilling and completion performance, including reduced drilling days, increased horizontal lateral
length, decreased cost per frac stage and reduced days from spud to first production. In addition, we have established an infrastructure
of oil and natural gas gathering and salt water handling and disposal facilities which will benefit the economics of future drilling.
We continue to acquire leases and producing properties in the areas where we have identified additional potential to expand our
activities.  

Another area of focus of our drilling and
completion activities is the development of a coalbed methane resource located in the Illinois Basin. The Company has approximately
63,000 net mineral acres in Indiana and Illinois which are prospective for the development of coalbed methane. The Company also
owns interests in natural gas gathering compression and salt water disposal facilities. Since 2006, we have conducted a drilling
program in the Seelyville Coal formation, including participating as a 50% joint venture partner in the drilling of 36 vertical
and two horizontal wells. During 2015, the Company participated in the drilling of 25 stratigraphic wells to identify potential
future horizontal locations in the Seelyville coal formation. 

Our
natural gas properties are largely held by production and contain a low risk multi-year development inventory of locations which,
at the appropriate level of natural gas commodity price, will provide significant drilling and completion opportunities from multiple
proven producing formations.  

Recent
Developments   

On
October 3, 2016, Nytis LLC completed an acquisition (the  EXCO Acquisition ) of producing natural gas wells and natural
gas gathering facilities located in the Company s Appalachian Basin operating area. The acquisition was pursuant to a purchase
and sale agreement, effective as of October 1, 2016 (the  EXCO Purchase Agreement ), by and among EXCO Production
Company (WV), LLC, BG Production Company (WV), LLC and EXCO Resources (PA) LLC (collectively, the  Sellers ) and Nytis
LLC, as the buyer. The purchase price of the acquired assets pursuant to the EXCO Purchase Agreement was $9 million, subject to
normal and customary closing and post-closing adjustments.  

The acquired assets will significantly increase
the natural gas production of the Company and will position the Company to generate additional shareholder value through increased
cash flow, significantly reduced general and administrative expenses (per unit of production) and a broad inventory of value enhancing
development projects, along with increased financial and operational flexibility. The acquired assets consist of the following: 

Approximately
                                         2,300 natural gas wells which are currently producing approximately 9,300 net Mcfe per
                                         day (95% natural gas), which the Company will operate.    

The
                                         average working interest and average net revenue interest of the acquired wells is 95%
                                         and 79%, respectively.                                                                                    

Estimated
                                         proved developed producing reserves of approximately 37.7 Bcfe (98% natural gas).                                                                                                                                               

Over
                                         900 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines and associated compression facilities which
                                         the Company will operate.                                                                                       

Approximately
                                         216,000 net acres of oil and natural gas mineral interests.    

As
a result of the EXCO Acquisition, Carbon will have the following attributes:  

Concentrated
                                         southern Appalachian Basin natural gas properties which offer meaningful growth potential
                                         through recompletions and optimization of gathering and compression facilities, an extensive
                                         inventory of low risk development drilling projects and a number of identified additional
                                         acquisition opportunities.                                                                                        

Approximately
                                         487,000 net acres of oil and gas mineral interests of which approximately 70% are held
                                         by production.                                                                            

Average
                                         working interest and average net revenue interest of 91% and 77%, respectively.                                                                                                                                             

High
                                         heating content natural gas.                                                                                          

A
                                         multi-year hedge strategy which the Company believes will provide protection against
                                         commodity price volatility.    

In
connection with and concurrently with the closing of the EXCO Acquisition, Carbon entered into a 4-year $100.0 million senior
secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with LegacyTexas Bank. Borrowings under the
Credit Facility were used (i) to pay off and terminate Nytis LLC s existing credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma, (ii)
to pay the purchase price of the EXCO Acquisition, (iii) to pay costs and expenses associated with the acquisition and the Credit
Facility and (iv) to provide working capital for the Company. The initial borrowing base established under the Credit Facility
is $17.0 million.     

Results
of Operations   

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The
following discussion and analysis relates to items that have affected our results of operations for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, selected historical statements of operations data.
The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements
and Notes thereto and the information under   Forward Looking Statements   below.  

*  
      Not meaningful or applicable   

**  
      Includes realized and unrealized commodity derivative
gains and losses.   

Oil
and natural gas revenues  - Revenues from sales of oil and natural gas decreased 18% to approximately $2.2 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 from approximately $2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease
was primarily due to an 11% and 5% decrease in oil and natural gas prices, respectively, and a 22% decrease in oil sales volumes.
The decline in oil sales was primarily attributed to normal natural production declines.  

Commodity derivative revenue -
    To achieve more predictable cash flows and to reduce
our exposure to downward price fluctuations, we enter into derivative contracts using fixed price swap contracts and costless
collars when our management believes that available futures prices for our oil and natural gas production are sufficient to warrant
hedging to ensure predictable cash flows for certain of the Company s production. Because we do not designate these derivatives
as cash flow hedges, they do not receive hedge accounting treatment and all mark-to-market gains or losses, as well as realized
(settlement) gains or losses on the derivative instruments, are currently recognized in our results of operations. The unrealized
gains and losses represent the changes in the fair value of these contracts as oil and natural gas futures prices fluctuate relative
to the fixed price we will receive from these contracts. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had hedging
gains of approximately $160,000 and $353,000, respectively.  

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma. In connection with the termination of the
credit facility, the Company closed all of its open commodity derivative instruments in which Bank of Oklahoma was the counterparty.  

Lease
operating expenses-   Lease operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 13% compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributed to cost reduction initiatives and to lower water
hauling and salt water disposal fees as a result of lower oil production. On a per Mcfe basis, lease operating expenses decreased
from $1.08 per Mcfe for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.01 per Mcfe for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Transportation
costs-   Transportation costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 27% compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily attributed to the expiration of a higher priced firm transportation contract that
expired in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

Production
and property taxes-   Production and property taxes decreased from approximately $334,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015 to approximately $184,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease is primarily attributed to a decrease
in oil and natural gas sales. In addition, during the third quarter of 2015, the Company established a reserve for potential additional
production taxes on certain of its wells in Kentucky due to a court ruling.  

Production
taxes averaged approximately 4.0% of oil and natural gas sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Ad valorem
tax rates, which can fluctuate by year, are determined by individual counties where the Company has production and are assessed
on the Company s sales one or two years in arrears depending on the location of the production.  

Depreciation,
depletion and amortization (DD A)-   DD A decreased from approximately $611,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015 to approximately $394,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to a decrease in the Company s
depletion rate. The decrease in the depletion rate is primarily attributed to a reduction in the depletable asset base caused
by impairment charges recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first six months of 2016. On a per Mcfe basis, these expenses
decreased from $0.92 per Mcfe for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.64 per Mcfe for the three months ended September
30, 2016.  

General
and administrative expenses-   Cash based general and administrative expenses decreased from approximately $1.5 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately $954,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily
due to decreases in personnel related costs attributed to reduction measures implemented by the Company during 2016 as a response
to low commodity prices partially offset by costs associated with the EXCO Acquisition and other potential acquisition opportunities.
Non-cash stock based compensation increased from approximately $371,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately
$1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company estimated that it was probable
that certain of the performance units granted in 2014 and 2015 would vest and compensation costs of approximately $1.1 million
related to these performance units were recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Non-cash stock based compensation
and other general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized in the following
table:  

Interest
expense -  Interest expense decreased from approximately $52,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately
$38,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease is primarily attributed to lower credit facility commitment
fees as a result of the Company s lender under its former credit facility reducing the Company s borrowing base in
May 2016.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The
following discussion and analysis relates to items that have affected our results of operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, selected historical statements of operations data.
The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements
and Notes thereto and the information under   Forward Looking Statements   below.  

*  
      Not meaningful or applicable   

**  
      Includes realized and unrealized commodity derivative
gains and losses.   

Oil
and natural gas revenues  - Revenues from sales of oil and natural gas decreased 34% to approximately $5.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from approximately $8.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease
was primarily due to a 25% and a 22% decrease in oil and natural gas prices, respectively, and a 30% decrease in oil sales volumes.
The decline in oil sales volumes was primarily attributed to normal natural production declines.  

Commodity
derivative revenue -     To achieve more predictable
cash flows and to reduce our exposure to downward price fluctuations, we enter into derivative contracts using fixed price swap
contracts and costless collars when our management believes that available futures prices for our oil and natural gas production
are sufficient to warrant hedging to ensure predictable cash flows for certain of the Company s production. Because we do
not designate these derivatives as cash flow hedges, they do not receive hedge accounting treatment and all mark-to-market gains
or losses, as well as realized gains or losses on the derivative instruments, are currently recognized in our results of operations.
The unrealized gains and losses represent the changes in the fair value of these contracts as oil and natural gas futures prices
fluctuate relative to the fixed price we will receive from these contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we had
hedging losses of approximately $474,000 compared to hedging gains of approximately $500,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015.    

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma. In connection with the termination of the
credit facility, the Company closed all of its open commodity derivative instruments in which Bank of Oklahoma was the counterparty.  

Lease
operating expenses-   Lease operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 20% compared to the
first nine months of 2015. The decrease was primarily attributed to cost reduction initiatives and to lower water hauling and
salt water disposal fees as a result of lower oil production. On a per Mcfe basis, lease operating expenses decreased from $1.18
per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.02 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Transportation
costs-   Transportation costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 10% compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily attributed to the expiration of a higher priced firm transportation contract that
expired in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

Production
and property taxes-   Production and property taxes decreased from approximately $763,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 to approximately $443,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease is primarily attributed to a 34%
decrease in oil and natural gas sales revenues. In addition, during the third quarter of 2015, the Company established a reserve
for potential additional production taxes on certain of its wells in Kentucky due to a court ruling.  

Production
taxes averaged 4.1% and 4.3% of oil and natural gas sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Ad valorem tax rates, which can fluctuate by year, are determined by individual counties where the Company has production and
are assessed on the Company s oil and gas sales one or two years in arrears depending on the location of the production.  

Depreciation,
depletion and amortization (DD A)-   DD A decreased from approximately $2.0 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 to approximately $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to a reduction in the Company s
depletion rate. The decrease in the depletion rate is primarily attributed to a reduction in the depletable asset base caused
by impairment charges recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first six months of 2016. On a per Mcfe basis, these expenses
decreased from $0.99 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September 30 2015 to $0.73 per Mcfe for the nine months ended September
30, 2016.  

Impairment
of oil and gas properties-   Due to low commodity prices used in the ceiling calculation based on the required trailing
12-month average at March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had impairment expenses of approximately $4.3 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company did not record an impairment for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
ceiling limitation calculation is not intended to be indicative of the fair market value of our proved reserves or future results.
Impairment charges do not affect cash flow from operating activities, but do adversely affect our net income and various components
of our balance sheet. Any recorded impairment is not reversible at a later date.  

General
and administrative expenses-   Cash based general and administrative expenses decreased from approximately $4.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily
due to decreases in personnel related costs attributed to reduction measures implemented by the Company during 2016 as a response
to low commodity prices partially offset by costs associated with the EXCO Acquisition and other potential acquisition opportunities.
Non-cash stock based compensation increased from approximately $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately
$2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company estimated that it was probable that
certain of the performance units granted in 2014 and 2015 would vest and compensation costs of approximately $1.1 million related
to these performance units were recognized for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. Non-cash stock based compensation and
other general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized in the following
table:  

Interest
expense -  Interest expense decreased from approximately $149,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to approximately
$140,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease is primarily attributed to lower credit facility commitment
fees as a result of the Company s lender under its former credit facility reducing the Company s borrowing base in
May 2016.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
exploration, development, and acquisition activities require us to make operating and capital expenditures. Historically, we have
used cash flow from operations and our bank credit facility as our primary sources of liquidity, and, on occasion, we have engaged
in asset monetization transactions.  

Changes
in the market prices for oil and natural gas directly impact our level of cash flow generated from operations. We employ a commodity
hedging strategy in an attempt to moderate the effects of commodity price fluctuations on our cash flow.   

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma. In connection with the termination of the
credit facility, the Company closed all its open commodity derivative financial instruments in which Bank of Oklahoma was the
counterparty.  

In
connection with the closing of the EXCO Acquisition and entering into the Credit Facility with LegacyTexas Bank, the Company has
entered into swap derivative agreements to hedge certain of its oil and natural gas production for 2016 through 2019.  

The
following table reflects the Company s outstanding derivative hedges as of November 10, 2016:  

(a)    NYMEX
                                         Henry Hub Natural Gas futures contract for the respective period.    

(b)    NYMEX
                                         Light Sweet Crude West Texas Intermediate futures contract for the respective period.    

This
level of hedging will provide a measure of certainty of the cash flow that we will receive for a portion of our production through
2019. However, future hedging activities may result in reduced income or even financial losses to us.  See     Risk
Factors        The use of derivative
instruments used in hedging arrangements could result in financial losses or reduce income     , 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details of the risks associated with our hedging activities. In the future, we may
determine to increase or decrease our hedging positions.    

The
primary source of liquidity historically has been our credit facility (described below). On October 3, 2016, the Company entered
into a four-year $100.0 million senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with LegacyTexas Bank with an initial borrowing
base of $17.0 million.  See     Bank Credit Facility    below for further details.   

Our
ability to access the debt and equity capital markets on economical terms is affected by general economic conditions, the domestic
and global financial markets, our operational and financial performance, the value of our equity securities, prevailing commodity
prices, and other macroeconomic factors outside of our control.  

After
closing the EXCO Acquisition and entering into the Credit Facility with LegacyTexas Bank, we believe that we are well positioned
for the current economic environment due to our projected cash flow, access to undrawn debt capacity, our large inventory of drilling
locations and acreage position and minimal capital expenditure obligations. The Company has and will continue its cost reduction
initiatives especially in regard to its general and administrative and lease operating expenses.  

Based
on our current outlook of commodity prices and our estimated production for the remainder of 2016 and 2017, we expect to
fund our future activities primarily with cash flow from operations, our new credit facility, sales of properties or the
issuance of additional equity or debt. Such transactions, if any, will depend on general economic conditions, the domestic
and global financial markets, the Company s operational and financial performance, the value of our equity securities,
prevailing commodity prices, and other macroeconomic factors outside of our control. Current market conditions may limit our
ability to source attractive acquisition opportunities and to issue new debt or equity securities in the public or private
markets. The ability of oil and gas companies to access the equity and high yield debt markets has been limited since the
significant decline in commodity prices throughout 2015 and 2016. We expect that our net cash provided by operating
activities will be adversely affected by continued low commodity prices. We believe that our expected future cash flows
provided by operating activities will be sufficient to fund our normal recurring activities (other than the potential
acquisition of additional oil and natural gas properties), and our contractual obligations. If low commodity prices continue,
we may elect to continue to defer our planned capital expenditures.  See     Risk Factors  ,  in
our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K with the SEC for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that affect our business
and financial and operating results.  

Bank
Credit Facility   

On
September 30, 2016, the Company terminated its credit facility with Bank of Oklahoma. On October 3, 2016, in connection with and
concurrently with the closing of the EXCO Acquisition, Carbon entered into a 4-year $100.0 million senior secured asset-based
revolving credit facility with LegacyTexas Bank. LegacyTexas Bank is the initial lender and acts as administrative agent.  

The
Credit Facility has a maximum availability of $100.0 million (with a $0.5 million sublimit for letters of credit), which availability
is subject to the amount of the borrowing base. The initial borrowing base established under the Credit Facility is $17.0 million.  

The
Credit Facility is guaranteed by each existing and future direct or indirect subsidiary of Carbon (subject to certain exceptions).
The obligations of Carbon and the subsidiary guarantors under the Credit Facility are secured by pledges of the equity of Nytis
USA held by Carbon and the equity of Nytis LLC held by Nytis USA and by essentially all tangible and intangible personal and real
property of the Company (subject to certain exclusions).  

Interest
is payable quarterly and accrues on borrowings under the Credit Facility at a rate per annum equal to either (i) the base rate
plus an applicable margin between 0.50% and 1.50% or (ii) the Adjusted LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin between 3.50% and
4.50% at Carbon s option. The actual margin percentage is dependent on the Credit Facility utilization percentage. Carbon
is obligated to pay certain fees and expenses in connection with the Credit Facility, including a commitment fee for any unused
amounts of 0.50% and an origination fee of 0.75%.   

The
Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability
to (i) incur additional debt; (ii) incur additional liens; (iii) sell, transfer or dispose of assets; (iv) merge or consolidate,
wind-up, dissolve or liquidate; (v) make dividends and distributions on, or repurchases of, equity; (vi) make certain investments;
(vii) enter into certain transactions with its affiliates; (viii) enter into sales-leaseback transactions; (ix) make optional
or voluntary payment of debt; (x) change the nature of its business; (xi) change its fiscal year to make changes to the accounting
treatment or reporting practices; (xii) amend constituent documents; and (xiii) enter into certain hedging transactions.  

The
affirmative and negative covenants are subject to various exceptions, including certain basket amounts and acceptable transaction
levels. In addition, the Credit Facility requires Carbon s compliance, on a consolidated basis, with (i) a maximum funded
Debt/EBITDA ratio of 3.5 to 1.0 and (ii) a minimum current ratio of 1.0 to 1.0, commencing with the quarter ended March 31, 2017.  

Carbon
may at any time repay the loans under the Credit Facility, in whole or in part, without penalty. Carbon must pay down borrowings
under the Credit Facility or provide mortgages of additional oil and natural gas properties to the extent that outstanding loans
and letters of credit exceed the borrowing base.   

As
required under the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company has agreed to establish pricing for a certain percentage of its production
through the use of derivative contracts. To that end, the Company has entered into an ISDA Master Agreement with BP Energy Company
that establishes standard terms for the derivative contracts and an inter-creditor agreement with LegacyTexas Bank and BP Energy
Company whereby any credit exposure related to the derivative contracts entered into by the Company and BP Energy Company is secured
by the collateral and backed by the guarantees supporting the Credit Facility.  

Initial
borrowings under the Credit Facility were used (1) to pay off and terminate Nytis LLC s existing credit facility with Bank
of Oklahoma, (ii) to pay the purchase price of the EXCO Acquisition, (iii) to pay costs and expenses associated with the EXCO
Acquisition and (iv) to provide working capital for the Company. As of November 10, 2016, there was approximately $13.5 million
in borrowings under the Credit Facility. The Company s effective borrowing rate as of November 10, 2016 was approximately
5.0%.  

Historical
Cash Flow   

Net
cash provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:  

Net
cash provided by or used in operating activities is primarily affected by production volumes and commodity prices, net of the
effects of settlements of our derivative contracts, and changes in working capital.   Net
cash provided by or used in operating activities decreased approximately $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a 25% and 22% decrease in oil and natural gas prices,
respectively, and a 30% decrease in oil production, partially offset by lower lease operating expenses and lower cash based general
and administrative expenses.  

Net
cash provided by or used in investing activities is primarily comprised of expenditures related to acquisition, exploration and
development of oil and natural gas properties, net of dispositions. Net cash from investing activities increased approximately
$2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Due to low
oil and natural gas prices, the Company continued to scale down its drilling and development program during the first nine months
of 2016, resulting in an approximate $2.3 million decrease of capital expenditures during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  

The
decrease in financing cash flows of approximately $373,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the s ame
period in 2015 was primarily due to a reduction in the Company s net borrowings from its former credit facility with the
Bank of Oklahoma.    

Capital
Expenditures   

Capital
expenditures incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized in the following table:  

Due to the higher rate of return on invested
capital on oil wells versus natural gas wells, the Company s capital expenditure program has, since 2012, focused principally
on the development of its oil prospects. In addition, we managed our capital expenditures by keeping our exploration and development
capital spending near our cash flows. We have been able to expand our oil drilling program by entering into two separate drilling
programs with Liberty Energy LLC, the latter of which was entered into in 2014. Other factors impacting the level of our capital
expenditures include oil and natural gas prices, the volatility in these prices, the cost and availability of oil field services,
general economic and market conditions, and weather disruptions. Due to low commodity prices, the Company, since 2015, has curtailed
its drilling programs and has focused on expanding its gathering facilities, thereby providing greater flexibility in moving certain
of the Company s natural gas to markets with more favorable pricing. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

From
time-to-time, we enter into off-balance sheet arrangements and transactions that can give rise to off-balance sheet obligations.
As of September 30, 2016, the off-balance sheet arrangements and transactions that we have entered into include (i) operating
lease agreements and (ii) contractual obligations, such as natural gas transportation contracts, for which the ultimate settlement
amounts are not fixed and determinable and (iii) oil and natural gas physical delivery contracts that are not expected to be net
cash settled and are considered to be normal sales contracts and not derivatives. We do not believe that any of these arrangements
are reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity or availability of, or requirements for, capital resources.  

Reconciliation
of Non-GAAP Measures   

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA   

EBITDA 
and  Adjusted EBITDA  are non-GAAP financial measures. We define EBITDA as net income or loss before interest expense,
taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization.  We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA prior
to accretion of asset retirement obligations, ceiling test write downs of oil and gas properties, non-cash stock based compensation
expense and the gain or loss on  sold investments or properties. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is consolidated including non-controlling
interests and as used and defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies and are
not measures of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation
or as a substitute for operating income, net income or loss, cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing
activities, or other income or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide no
information regarding a company s capital structure, borrowings, interest costs, capital expenditures, and working capital
movement or tax position. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent funds available for discretionary use because those funds
are required for debt service, capital expenditures, working capital, income taxes, franchise taxes, exploration and development
expenses, and other commitments and obligations. However, our management believes EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to an
investor in evaluating our operating performance because these measures:   

are
                                         widely used by investors in the oil and natural gas industry to measure a company s
                                         operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such term,
                                         which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods
                                         and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired,
                                         among other factors; and    

help investors to more meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period
by removing the effect of our capital structure from our operating structure; and are used by our management for various purposes,
including as a measure of operating performance, in presentations to our board of directors, as a basis for strategic planning
and forecasting and by our lenders pursuant to a covenant under the Company s credit facility. 

There
are significant limitations to using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of performance, including the inability to analyze
the effect of certain recurring and non-recurring items that materially affect our net income or loss, the lack of comparability
of results of operations of different companies and the different methods of calculating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reported by
different companies.  

The
following table represents a reconciliation of our net income or loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure to EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Forward
Looking Statements   

The
information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking
statements are statements other than statements of historical or present facts, that address activities, events, outcomes, and
other matters that the Company plans, expects, intends, assumes, believes, budgets, predicts, forecasts, projects, estimates,
or anticipates (and other similar expressions) will, should, or may occur in the future. Generally, the words  expects, 
 anticipates,   targets,   goals,   projects,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   seeks,   estimates,   may,   will,   could,   should, 
 future,   potential,   continue,  variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are
based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events.  

These
forward-looking statements appear in a number of places in this report and include statements with respect to, among other things:  

estimates
                                         of our oil and natural gas reserves;    

estimates
                                         of our future oil and natural gas production, including estimates of any increases or
                                         decreases in our production;    

our
                                         future financial condition and results of operations;    

our
                                         future revenues, cash flows, and expenses;    

our
                                         access to capital and our anticipated liquidity;    

our
                                         future business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations;    

our
                                         outlook on oil and natural gas prices;    

the
                                         amount, nature, and timing of future capital expenditures, including future development
                                         costs;    

our
                                         ability to access the capital markets to fund capital and other expenditures;    

our
                                         assessment of our counterparty risk and the ability of our counterparties to perform
                                         their future obligations; and    

the
                                         impact of federal, state, and local political, regulatory, and environmental developments
                                         in the United States.    

We
believe the expectations and forecasts reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, but we can give no assurance
that they will prove to be correct. We caution you that these forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions
and are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our
control, incident to the exploration for and development, production, and sale of oil and natural gas. When considering forward-looking
statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading    Risk
Factors    included or incorporated in our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K with the SEC.  

Should
one or more of the risks or uncertainties described above or elsewhere in this Form 10-Q occur, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.  

We
caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report, and
we undertake no obligation to update this information to reflect events or circumstances after the filing of this report with
the SEC, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Form 10-Q and
attributable to the Company are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement
should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we may make or persons
acting on our behalf may issue.  

ITEM
        4.   
        Controls
    and Procedures     

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information related to the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries is made known to the officers who certify the Company s financial reports and the Board of Directors.  

As
required by Rule 13a - 15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we have evaluated
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of September 30, 2016. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act with the
SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, as appropriate, to allow such persons to make timely decisions
regarding required disclosures.  

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of September 30, 2016 at the reasonable assurance level.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM
    2.   
        Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

All
sales of unregistered equity securities that occurred during the period covered by this report, and through September 30, 2016,
have been previously reported on a current report on Form 8-K or in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  

ITEM
        6.   
        Exhibits

Exhibit
    No.  
         
      Description   

3(i)(a)   

Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Carbon Natural Gas Company incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form
    8-K for Carbon Natural Gas Company filed on May 5, 2011.   

3(i)(b)   

Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Designation with respect to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Carbon Natural Gas Company,
    incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form 8-K for Carbon Natural Gas Company filed July 6, 2011.   

3(i)(c)   
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Carbon Natural Gas Company, incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form
    8-K for Carbon Natural Gas Company filed on July 19, 2011.   

3(ii)   

Amended
    and Restated Bylaws incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2015.   

31.1*  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) / Rule 15d-15(e).   

31.2*  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) / Rule 15(e)/15d-15(e).   

32.1   
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2   
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101*  
         
      Interactive
    data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T.   

*    Filed
                                         herewith    

Not
                                         considered to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section    

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CARBON
    NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

(Registrant)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Patrick R. McDonald   

PATRICK
    R. MCDONALD   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

Date:
    November 14, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
    Kevin D. Struzeski   

KEVIN
    D. STRUZESKI   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_carbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

I,
Patrick R. McDonald, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carbon Natural Gas Company;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
                                         15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
                                         Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;   

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;  

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent function):    

a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and   

b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

November
    14, 2016  
      /s/
    Patrick R. McDonald   

Patrick
        R. McDonald  
          Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_carbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

I,
Kevin D. Struzeski, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Carbon Natural Gas Company;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
                                         15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
                                         Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;   

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;  

5.    The
                                         registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent function):    

a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and   

b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

November
    14, 2016  
      /s/
    Kevin D. Struzeski   

Kevin
        D. Struzeski  
          Chief
        Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_carbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF   

   CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   OF
CARBON NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and in connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that is being filed concurrently with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned officer of Carbon Natural Gas Company (the  Company ) hereby certifies that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Patrick R. McDonald   

Patrick
        R. McDonald  
          Chief
        Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_carbon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF   

   CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   OF
CARBON NATURAL GAS COMPANY   

   PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and in connection with the accompanying report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that is being filed concurrently with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
the undersigned officer of Carbon Natural Gas Company (the  Company ) hereby certifies that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016       
      /s/
    Kevin D. Struzeski    

Kevin D. Struzeski  
                                                                                   Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 crbo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crbo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crbo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crbo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crbo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crbo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

