<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1473078_0001473078-16-000068_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5463244</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95446</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>355647</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1655451</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2309054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>944877</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001473078-16-000068.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101162336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001473078-16-000068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chesapeake Lodging Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				270372343
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34572
		FILM NUMBER:		161965046

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1997 ANNAPOLIS EXCHANGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			ANNAPOLIS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(410) 972-4140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1997 ANNAPOLIS EXCHANGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			ANNAPOLIS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001473078-16-000068.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 chsp-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  ________________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________________________________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR    

For the transition period from                  to                  . 
  Commission file number 001-34572    
  _______________________________________________________________________ 
  CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
  _______________________________________________________________________                   MARYLAND 
      
    27-0372343 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(410) 972-4140 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  _______________________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    o 
      Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange                Act).    Yes        No      
  As of   October 28, 2016  , there were   60,102,459   shares of the registrant s common shares issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  INDEX 

Page 
      PART I 

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
    3 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    27 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    27 
      PART II 

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    28 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    28 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    28 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    28 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    28 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    28 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    28 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (in thousands, except share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 
   
  1. Organization and Description of Business 
  Chesapeake Lodging Trust (the  Trust ) is a self-advised real estate investment trust ( REIT ) that was organized in the state of Maryland in June 2009. The Trust is focused on investments primarily in upper-upscale hotels in major business and convention markets and, on a selective basis, premium select-service hotels in urban settings or unique locations in the United States of America ( U.S. ). The Trust completed its initial public offering ( IPO ) in January 2010. The Trust owned no hotels nor had any operations prior to its IPO. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust owned   22   hotels with an aggregate of   6,694   rooms in   nine   states and the District of Columbia. 
  Substantially all of the Trust s assets are held by, and all of its operations are conducted through, Chesapeake Lodging, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which is wholly owned by the Trust (the  Operating Partnership ). For the Trust to qualify as a REIT, it cannot operate hotels. Therefore, the Operating Partnership leases its hotels to taxable REIT subsidiaries (each, a  TRS ), which are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and are treated as TRSs for federal income tax purposes. The TRSs then engage hotel management companies to operate the hotels pursuant to management agreements.  

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation   The interim consolidated financial statements presented herein include all of the accounts of Chesapeake Lodging Trust and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial statements to conform to the current year presentation as a result of adopting a new accounting pronouncement relating to debt issuance costs. See "Recent Accounting Pronouncements" for additional information.  
   The information in these interim consolidated financial statements is unaudited but, in the opinion of management, reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods covered. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature unless disclosed otherwise. These interim consolidated financial statements, including notes, have been prepared in accordance with the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and do not include all of the information and disclosures required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Trust's Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   The Trust considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
  Restricted Cash   Restricted cash includes reserves held in escrow for normal replacements of furniture, fixtures and equipment ( FF E ), property improvement plans (each, a "PIP"), real estate taxes, and insurance pursuant to certain requirements in the Trust s hotel management, franchise, and loan agreements. 
  Investments in Hotels   The Trust allocates the purchase prices of hotels acquired based on the fair value of the property, FF E, and identifiable intangible assets acquired and the fair value of the liabilities assumed. In making estimates of fair value for purposes of allocating the purchase price, the Trust utilizes a number of sources of information that are obtained in connection with the acquisition of a hotel, including valuations performed by independent third parties and cost segregation studies. The Trust also considers information obtained about each hotel as a result of its pre-acquisition due diligence in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Hotel acquisition costs, such as transfer taxes, title insurance, environmental and property condition reviews, and legal and accounting fees, are expensed in the period incurred. 
  Property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally   15   to   40   years for buildings and building improvements and   three   to   ten   years for FF E. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the useful lives of the related assets. Replacements and improvements at the hotels are capitalized, while repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Upon the sale or retirement of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Trust s accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 
  Intangible assets and liabilities are recorded on non-market contracts, including air rights, lease, management, and franchise agreements, assumed as part of the acquisition of certain hotels. Above-market and below-market contract values are based on the present value of the difference between contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the contracts assumed and the Trust s estimate of the fair market contract rates for corresponding contracts measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the contracts assumed. No value is allocated to market contracts. Intangible assets and liabilities are amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining non-cancelable term of the related contracts.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

The Trust reviews its hotels for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of the hotels may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that may cause a review include, but are not limited to, adverse changes in the demand for lodging at the hotels due to declining national or local economic conditions and/or new hotel construction in markets where the hotels are located. When such conditions exist, management performs an analysis to determine if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations and the proceeds from the ultimate disposition of a hotel exceed its carrying value. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an adjustment to reduce the carrying amount to the related hotel s estimated fair market value is recorded and an impairment loss is recognized. No impairment losses have been recognized related to any hotels for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
  The Trust classifies a hotel as held for sale in the period in which it has made the decision to dispose of the hotel, a binding agreement to purchase the hotel has been signed under which the buyer has committed a significant amount of nonrefundable cash, and no significant financing contingencies exist which could cause the transaction not to be completed in a timely manner. If these criteria are met, depreciation and amortization of the hotel will cease and an impairment loss will be recognized if the fair value of the hotel, less the costs to sell, is lower than the carrying amount of the hotel. If the sale represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the Trust's operations and financial results, the Trust will classify the loss, together with the related operating results, as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and will classify the related assets and liabilities as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust had no assets held for sale or liabilities related to assets held for sale. 
  Revenue Recognition   Revenues from operations of the hotels are recognized when goods and services are provided. Revenues consist of room sales, food and beverage sales, and other hotel department revenues, such as parking, marina, theater, telephone, and gift shop sales.  
  Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets   Prepaid expenses and other assets consist of prepaid real estate taxes, prepaid insurance, deposits on hotel acquisitions and loan applications, deferred franchise costs, inventories, deferred tax assets, and other assets. 
  Deferred Financing Costs   Deferred financing costs are recorded at cost and consist of loan fees and other costs incurred in issuing debt. Amortization of deferred financing costs is computed using a method that approximates the effective interest method over the term of the related debt and is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Unamortized deferred financing costs are included as a direct deduction from long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  Derivative Instruments   From time to time, the Trust is a party to interest rate swaps, which are considered derivative instruments, in order to manage its interest rate exposure. The Trust s interest rate risk management objective is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows. The Trust records derivative instruments at fair value as either assets or liabilities and designates them as cash flow hedging instruments at inception. The Trust evaluates the hedge effectiveness of the designated cash flow hedging instruments on a quarterly basis and records the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the cash flow hedging instruments as other comprehensive income (loss). Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to cash flow hedging instruments are reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the variable-rate debt being hedged. The Trust does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes and monitors the financial stability and credit standing of its counterparties.  
  Fair Value Measurements   The Trust accounts for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. In evaluating the fair value of both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities, GAAP outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market data (unobservable inputs). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
  Level 1   Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. An active market is defined as a market in which transactions occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing on an ongoing basis. 
  Level 2   Inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active (markets with few transactions), inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates, yield curves), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data correlation or other means. 
  Level 3   Unobservable inputs reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the pricing of an asset or liability when observable inputs are not available or when there is minimal, if any, market activity for an identical or similar asset or liability at the measurement date. 
  Income Taxes   The Trust has elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, the Trust generally will not be subject to federal income tax on that portion of its net income that does not relate to any of the Trust's TRSs, and that is currently distributed to its shareholders. Our TRSs, which lease the Trust s hotels from the subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership owning them, are subject to federal and state income taxes. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The Trust accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Valuation allowances are provided if based upon the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
  Share-Based Compensation   From time to time, the Trust grants restricted share awards to employees and trustees. To date, the Trust has granted two types of restricted share awards: (1) awards that vest solely on continued employment or service (time-based awards) and (2) awards that vest based on the Trust achieving specified levels of relative total shareholder return and continued employment (performance-based awards). The Trust measures share-based compensation expense for the restricted share awards based on the fair value of the awards on the date of grant. The fair value of time-based awards is determined based on the closing price of the Trust s common shares on the measurement date, which is generally the date of grant. The fair value of performance-based awards is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation performed by an independent third party. For time-based awards, share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the entire award. For performance-based awards, share-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period for each award. No share-based compensation expense is recognized for awards for which employees or trustees do not render the requisite service. 
  Earnings Per Share   Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders, adjusted for dividends declared on and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested time-based awards, by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders, adjusted for dividends declared on and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested time-based awards, by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, plus potentially dilutive securities, such as unvested performance-based awards, during the period. The Trust s unvested time-based awards are entitled to receive non-forfeitable dividends, if declared. Therefore, unvested time-based awards qualify as participating securities, requiring the allocation of dividends and undistributed earnings under the two-class method to calculate basic earnings per share. The percentage of undistributed earnings allocated to the unvested time-based awards is based on the proportion of the weighted-average unvested time-based awards outstanding during the period to the total of the weighted-average common shares and unvested time-based awards outstanding during the period. No adjustment is made for shares that are anti-dilutive during the period. 
  Segment Information   The Trust has determined that its business is conducted in   one   reportable segment, hotel ownership. 
  Use of Estimates   The preparation of the interim consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the interim consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued updated accounting guidance for the presentation of debt issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheets. Under the new accounting guidance, debt issuance costs are shown as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of the costs will continue to be included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015 and is to be applied on a retrospective basis. The Trust adopted the new accounting guidance on January 1, 2016. As a result,   $6.5 million   of unamortized deferred financing costs, which was previously presented as an asset as of December 31, 2015, is now presented within long-term debt. This reclassification had no effect on previously reported results of operations or retained earnings. The Trust does not believe that the adoption of this guidance has a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

3. Acquisitions 
  The Trust has acquired the following hotels since January 1, 2015 (in thousands, except rooms data):  

(1) 
    As part of the acquisition, the Trust assumed a   $125.0 million   term loan with a carrying value that approximated its fair value at the date of acquisition. See Note 7, "Long-Term Debt," for additional information related to the term loan. 
     
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The allocation of the purchase prices to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values was as follows (in thousands): 

4. Disposition 
  On   April 14, 2016  , the Trust sold the separate,   five  -room villa building and related land parcel at the Hyatt Centric Santa Barbara for   $2.1 million  , including sold working capital. Net proceeds from the sale were   $2.0 million  , which resulted in the recognition of a gain on sale of   $0.6 million  . This sale did not represent a strategic shift that had (or will have) a major effect on the Trust's operations and financial results, and therefore, did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations.  

5. Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands):    

6. Intangible Assets and Liability 
  Intangible assets and liability as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands):    

11 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    In conjunction with the acquisition of the Hyatt Regency Boston on March 18, 2010, the Trust acquired an air rights contract which expires in   September 2079   and that requires no payments through maturity. The Trust recorded the fair value of the air rights contract of   $36.1 million   as an intangible asset and is amortizing the value over the term of the contract.  
              (2) 
    In conjunction with the acquisition of the Denver Marriott City Center on October 3, 2011, the Trust assumed   three   lease agreements for land parcels underlying a portion of the hotel with initial terms ending   July 2068  ,   February 2072   and   April 2072  . The Trust concluded that the terms of   two   of the   three   ground leases were below market terms and recorded an aggregate of   $4.8 million   of favorable ground lease assets at the time. On July 29, 2014, the Trust terminated   one   of the   two   ground leases with below market terms in connection with acquiring the associated land parcel. The Trust is amortizing the remaining favorable ground lease asset over the life of the respective lease and including within indirect hotel operating expenses in the interim consolidated statements of operations. Also in conjunction with the acquisition of the Denver Marriott City Center, the Trust assumed a management contract with a non-cancelable term ending   December 2047  . The Trust concluded that the management agreement terms were above market terms and recorded a   $14.2 million   unfavorable contract liability, which the Trust is amortizing over the remaining non-cancelable term and including within indirect hotel operating expenses in the interim consolidated statements of operations.  

7. Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands):    

(1)   
    The Trust may exercise an option to extend the maturity by   one   year, subject to certain customary conditions. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate in effect was   2.07%  . See below for additional information related to the revolving credit facility. 
              (2)   
    On March 9, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of the Royal Palm South Beach Miami, a Tribute Portfolio Resort, the Trust assumed an existing loan agreement with an outstanding principal balance of   $125.0 million  . The term loan was amended and restated at the time of assumption and provides for a new   two  -year term and, subject to certain customary conditions, an option to extend the maturity by   one   year. The term loan bears interest equal to one-month LIBOR plus   2.40%  . Contemporaneous with the assumption of the term loan, the Trust entered into an interest rate swap to effectively fix the interest rate on the term loan for the new   two  -year term at   3.34%   per annum. Under the terms of this interest rate swap, the Trust pays fixed interest of   0.94%   per annum on a notional amount of   $125.0 million   and receives floating rate interest equal to one-month LIBOR. The effective date of this interest rate swap is   March 9, 2015   and it matures on   March 9, 2017  .  
               (4) 
    On June 30, 2011, in connection with the acquisition of the Courtyard Washington Capitol Hill/Navy Yard, the Trust assumed an existing loan agreement with an outstanding principal balance of   $37.5 million  . Based on interest rates on similar types of debt instruments at the time of assumption, the Trust recorded the loan at its estimated fair value of   $38.6 million  , which included a premium on mortgage loan of   $1.1 million  . Amortization of premium on mortgage loan is computed using a method that approximates the effective interest method over the term of the loan agreement and is included in interest expense in the interim consolidated statements of operations. On August 1, 2016, the Trust prepaid without penalty this mortgage loan. 
     
   12 

     Table of Contents  

(5) 
    The loan has a term of   30   years, but is callable by the lender after   10   years, and the Trust expects the lender to call the loan at that time. The indicated maturity is based on the date the loan is callable by the lender. 
              (6) 
    The loan requires interest-only payments for the first   two   years and principal and interest payments thereafter. 
       
  Revolving credit facility 
  On March 4, 2015, the Trust entered into an amended credit agreement to (1) convert its revolving credit facility from a secured to an unsecured revolving credit facility, (2) increase the maximum borrowing availability under the revolving credit facility from   $250.0 million   to   $300.0 million  , (3) lower the interest rate to LIBOR plus   1.55%   -   2.30%   (the spread over LIBOR continues to be based on the Trust's consolidated leverage ratio), and (4) extend the maturity date to   March 2019  . The amended credit agreement provides for the possibility of further future increases, up to a maximum of   $450.0 million  , in accordance with the terms of the amended credit agreement. The amended credit agreement also provides for an extension of the maturity date by   one   year, subject to satisfaction of certain customary conditions.  
  The amount that the Trust can borrow under the revolving credit facility is based on the value of the Trust's hotels included in the borrowing base, as defined in the amended credit agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , the borrowing base included   11   of the Trust's hotels providing borrowing availability of   $300.0 million   under the revolving credit facility, of which   $230.0 million   remained available. The amended credit agreement contains more favorable financial covenants, including the leverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth requirement, as compared to those in effect prior to the amendment, and has additional financial covenants typically found in similar unsecured revolving credit facilities, including a consolidated secured debt ratio, an unsecured leverage ratio and an unsecured debt service coverage ratio.  
  Other 
  Certain of the Trust's mortgage loan agreements contain standard financial covenants relating to coverage ratios and standard provisions that require loan servicers to maintain escrow accounts for certain items, including real estate taxes, insurance premiums, and normal replacements of FF E. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust was in compliance with all financial covenants under its borrowing arrangements. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust s weighted-average interest rate on its long-term debt was   3.82%  . Future scheduled principal payments of debt obligations (assuming no exercise of extension options) as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands):    

13 

Table of Contents  

8. Earnings Per Share 
  The following is a reconciliation of the amounts used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except share and per share data):    

For the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   788,291   unvested performance-based awards and   212,579   unvested performance-based awards, respectively, were excluded from diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding as the awards either had not achieved the specific levels of relative total shareholder return required for vesting at each period end or their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  

9. Shareholders  Equity 
  Common Shares   The Trust is authorized to issue up to   400,000,000     common shares,   $.01     par value per share. Each outstanding common share entitles the holder to   one   vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of the Trust s common shares are entitled to receive distributions when authorized by the Trust s board of trustees out of assets legally available for the payment of distributions. 
  On September 6, 2013, the Trust entered into sales agreements with two sales agents, pursuant to which the Trust may issue and sell up to   $100.0 million   in the aggregate of its common shares through a continuous at-the-market offering or other methods (the  ATM program ). The Trust did not sell any common shares under the ATM program during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $76.0 million   of common shares remained available for issuance under the ATM program.  
  On March 27, 2015, the Trust completed an underwritten public offering of   4,600,000   common shares at a price of   $33.47   per share, including   600,000   shares sold pursuant to the underwriter's exercise of its option to purchase additional shares. After deducting underwriting fees and offering costs, the Trust generated net proceeds of   $153.7 million  . 
  On September 29, 2015, the Trust's board of trustees authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which the Trust may acquire up to   $100.0 million   of its common shares. The repurchase program authorizes the Trust to repurchase its common shares from time to time through open market purchases, negotiated transactions or other means, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The repurchase program expires in   September 2018  , but may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate the Trust to acquire any particular amount of its shares. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $100.0 million   remained available for the repurchase of common shares.  
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Trust issued   2,645   unrestricted common shares and   448,146   restricted common shares to its trustees and employees. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Trust repurchased   7,854   common shares from employees to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements related to the vesting of their previously granted restricted common shares. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust had   60,102,459   common shares outstanding. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Trust paid or its board of trustees declared the following dividends per common share:    

Preferred Shares   The Trust is authorized to issue up to   100,000,000     preferred shares,     $.01     par value per share. The Trust s board of trustees is required to set for each class or series of preferred shares the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Trust had   5,000,000   shares of its   7.75%   Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares outstanding.  
  Holders of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Trust's board of trustees, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of   7.75%   per annum of the   $25.00   per share liquidation preference, equivalent to   $1.9375   per annum per share. Dividends on the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares are cumulative from the date of original issuance and are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the 15th day of each of January, April, July and October. The Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares rank senior to the Trust's common shares with respect to the payment of dividends; the Trust will not declare or pay any dividends, or set aside any funds for the payment of dividends, on its common shares unless the Trust also has declared and either paid or set aside for payment the full cumulative dividends on the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares.  
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Trust paid or its board of trustees declared the following dividends per preferred share: 

The Trust cannot redeem the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares prior to July 17, 2017, except as described below and in certain limited circumstances related to the ownership limitation necessary to preserve the Trust's qualification as a REIT. On and after July 17, 2017, the Trust, at its option, can redeem the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price of   $25.00   per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. The holders of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares have no voting rights, except in certain limited circumstances. 
  Upon the occurrence of a change of control, as defined in the articles supplementary designating the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, as a result of which the Trust's common shares and the common securities of the acquiring or surviving entity are not listed or quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market, or any successor exchanges, the Trust may, at its option, redeem the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares in whole or in part within 120 days following the change of control by paying   $25.00   per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends through the date of redemption. If the Trust does not exercise its right to redeem the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares upon a change of control, the holders of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares have the right to convert some or all of their shares into a number of the Trust's common shares based on a defined formula subject to a share cap. The share cap on each Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Share is   2.9189   common shares. 

10. Equity Plan 
  In January 2010, the Trust established the Chesapeake Lodging Trust Equity Plan (the  Plan ), which provides for the issuance of equity-based awards, including restricted shares, unrestricted shares, share options, share appreciation rights, and other awards based on the Trust s common shares. Employees and trustees of the Trust and other persons that provide services to the Trust are eligible to participate in the Plan. The compensation committee of the board of trustees administers the Plan and determines the number of awards to be granted, the vesting period, and the exercise price, if any. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The Trust initially reserved   454,657   common shares for issuance under the Plan at its establishment. In May 2012, the Trust s common shareholders approved an amendment to the Plan such that the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan was increased by   2,750,000  . Shares that are issued under the Plan to any person pursuant to an award are counted against this limit as one share for every one share granted. If any shares covered by an award are not purchased or are forfeited, if an award is settled in cash, or if an award otherwise terminates without delivery of any shares, then the number of common shares counted against the aggregate number of shares available under the Plan with respect to the award will, to the extent of any such forfeiture or termination, again be available for making awards under the Plan. As of   September 30, 2016  , subject to increases that may result in the case of any future forfeiture or termination of currently outstanding awards,   818,170   common shares were reserved and available for future issuances under the Plan. 
  The Trust will make appropriate adjustments to outstanding awards and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan, including the individual limitations on awards, to reflect share dividends, share splits, spin-offs and other similar events. While the compensation committee can terminate or amend the Plan at any time, no amendment can adversely impair the rights of grantees with respect to outstanding awards. In addition, an amendment will be contingent on approval of the Trust s common shareholders to the extent required by law or if the amendment would materially increase the benefits accruing to participants under the Plan, materially increase the aggregate number of shares that can be issued under the Plan, or materially modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the Plan. Unless terminated earlier, the Plan will terminate in January 2020, but will continue to govern unexpired awards. 
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Trust granted   448,146   restricted common shares to certain employees and trustees, of which   162,229   shares were time-based awards and   285,917   shares were performance-based awards (the  2016 Performance-Based Awards ). The time-based awards are generally eligible to vest at the annual rate of one-third of the number of restricted shares granted commencing on the first anniversary of their issuance. The 2016 Performance-Based Awards are eligible to vest at   December 31, 2018  . Dividends on the 2016 Performance-Based Awards accrue, but are not paid unless the related shares vest. The fair value of the 2016 Performance-Based Awards was   $10.54   per share and was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: volatility of   21.04%  ; an expected term equal to the requisite service period for the awards; and a risk-free interest rate of   1.38%  . 
  The actual number of shares under the 2016 Performance-Based Awards that vest will be based on the Trust s total shareholder return ( TSR ), as defined in the restricted share agreements, measured over a   three  -year performance period ending   December 31, 2018  , relative to the total return generated by the SNL US Hotel REIT Index prepared by SNL Financial LC (the  Index ). The payout schedule for the 2016 Performance-Based Awards is as follows, with linear interpolation for performance between   67%   and   100%  , and between   100%   and   133%   of the Index: 

If the Trust s TSR is negative for the performance period, no shares under the 2016 Performance-Based Awards will vest. If the Trust s TSR is positive for the performance period and the total return of the Index is negative,   100%   of the shares subject to vesting under the 2016 Performance-Based Awards will vest. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $9.5 million   of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to restricted common shares. The unrecognized share-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.7   years.  
  The following is a summary of the Trust s restricted common share activity for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  :    

16 

Table of Contents  

11. Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instrument 
  The following table sets forth the Trust s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands). Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.    

Derivative instruments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using third-party pricing models which contain inputs that are derived from observable market data. Where possible, the values produced by the pricing models are verified to market prices. Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, credit spreads, measures of volatility, and correlations of such inputs. 
  The Trust s financial instruments in addition to those disclosed in the table above include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and long-term debt. The carrying values reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value. The Trust estimates the fair value of its fixed rate debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument using estimated market rates of debt instruments with similar maturities and credit profiles. These inputs are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value reported in the consolidated balance sheet for the Trust's long-term debt approximated its fair value. 

12. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Management Agreements   The Trust s hotels operate pursuant to management agreements with various third-party management companies. Each management company receives a base management fee generally between   2%   and   4%   of hotel revenues. The management companies are also eligible to receive an incentive management fee if hotel operating income, as defined in the management agreements, exceeds certain performance thresholds. The incentive management fee is generally calculated as a percentage of hotel operating income after the Trust has received a priority return on its investment in the hotel. 
  Franchise Agreements   As of   September 30, 2016  ,   12   of the Trust s hotels operated pursuant to franchise agreements with hotel brand companies and   10   hotels operated pursuant to management agreements with hotel brand companies that allowed them to operate under their respective brands. Under the   12   franchise agreements, the Trust generally pays a royalty fee ranging from   3%   to   6%   of room revenues and up to   3%   of food and beverage revenues, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems, and other franchisor costs that amount to between   1%   and   5%   of room revenues. 
  Ground Lease Agreements   The Trust leases the land underlying the Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa and Marina pursuant to a lease agreement, which has an initial term ending   January 2056  . Rent due under the lease agreement is the greater of base rent or percentage rent. Base rent is currently   $2.3 million   per year. Base rent resets every   three   years over the remaining term of the lease equal to   75%   of the average of the actual rent paid over the   two   years preceding the base rent reset year. The next base rent reset year is 2019. Annual percentage rent is calculated based on various percentages of the hotel's various sources of revenue, including room, food and beverage, and marina rentals, earned during the period. 
  The Trust also leases the land underlying the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square pursuant to a lease agreement, which has a term ending   January 2083  . Rent due under the lease agreement is the greater of base rent or percentage rent. Base rent is currently   $1.7 million   per year. Base rent resets every   five   years over the remaining term of the lease based on the level of inflation, as defined in the agreement, over the preceding   five   years, but in no event resulting in an increase of more than   125%   of the base rent in effect immediately prior to the reset year (nor subject to any decrease). The next base rent reset year is 2019. In   January 2034  , base rent will reset to   10%   of the fair market value of the underlying land as determined by a valuation performed by an independent third party, if such reset results in an increase over the base rent in effect immediately prior to the reset year. Annual percentage rent is calculated based on various percentages of the hotel's various sources of revenue, including room and food and beverage, earned during the period.  
  FF E Reserves   Pursuant to its management, franchise and loan agreements, the Trust is required to establish a FF E reserve for each hotel to cover the cost of replacing FF E. Contributions to the FF E reserve are based on a percentage of gross revenues at each hotel. The Trust is generally required to contribute between   3%   and   5%   of gross revenues over the term of the agreements. 
  Litigation   The Trust is not involved in any material litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against the Trust. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as such may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identified by our use of words, such as  intend,   plan,   may,   should,   will,   project,   estimate,   anticipate,   believe,   expect,   continue,   potential,   opportunity,  and similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. We cannot guarantee that we actually will achieve these plans, intentions or expectations. All statements regarding our expected financial position, business and financing plans are forward-looking statements. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: 
             
    U.S. economic conditions generally and the real estate market and the lodging industry specifically; 
                
    management and performance of our hotels; 
                
    our plans for renovation of our hotels; 
                
    our financing plans and the terms on which capital is available to us; 
                
    supply and demand for hotel rooms in our current and proposed market areas; 
                
    our ability to acquire additional hotels and the risk that potential acquisitions may not be completed or perform in accordance with expectations; 
                
    legislative/regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing taxation of real estate investment trusts; and 
                
    our competition. 
     These risks and uncertainties, together with the information contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   under the caption  Risk Factors,  should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statement contained in this report or incorporated by reference herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. We undertake no obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report, except as required by law. 

18 

Table of Contents  

Overview 
  The Trust was organized as a self-advised REIT in the state of Maryland in June 2009, with a focus on investments primarily in upper-upscale hotels in major business and convention markets and, on a selective basis, premium select-service hotels in urban settings or unique locations in the U.S. We completed our IPO in January 2010 and own the following 22 hotels as of the date of this filing:  

Hotel Operating Metrics 
  We believe that the results of operations of our hotels are best explained by five key performance indicators: occupancy, average daily rate ("ADR"), room revenue per available room ("RevPAR"), Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin. See the  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  section for additional information on Adjusted Hotel EBITDA and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin. 
  Occupancy is a major driver of room revenue, as well as other revenue categories, such as food and beverage and parking. Fluctuations in occupancy are accompanied by fluctuations in most categories of variable hotel operating expenses, such as utility costs and certain labor costs, such as housekeeping. ADR helps to drive room revenue as well; however, it does not have a direct effect on other revenue categories. Fluctuations in ADR are accompanied by fluctuations in limited categories of hotel operating expenses, such as management fees and franchise fees, since variable hotel operating expenses generally do not increase or decrease correspondingly. Thus, increases in RevPAR attributable to increases in occupancy typically result in varying levels of increases in Adjusted Hotel EBITDA and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin, while increases in RevPAR attributable to increases in ADR typically result in greater levels of increases in Adjusted Hotel EBITDA and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin. 

Executive Summary  
  Our hotel portfolio had a RevPAR decline of 0.7% during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015, driven by a decrease in ADR of 1.7% offset by an increase in occupancy of 0.9 percentage points. Our hotel portfolio underperformed the U.S. industry average RevPAR growth of 3.3%, as reported by STR, Inc. 
  During the third quarter, we experienced continued pricing pressure from corporate transient customers across our portfolio, which we believe is attributed to the recent quarterly declines in U.S. corporate profits. Given the revenue decline was  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

driven by a decrease in ADR, our hotel portfolio also experienced a decrease in Adjusted Hotel EBITDA and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015. We continue to aggressively asset manage our hotels, including working closely with our hotel operators to implement cost containment and cost reduction measures in order to mitigate the current environment. We expect the headwinds we saw during the third quarter to persist through the remainder of 2016. 

Results of Operations 
  Comparison of   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Results of operations for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   include the operating activity of all 22 hotels owned as of September 30, 2016 for the full periods.  
  Revenue  s Total revenue for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $164.5 million   and   $165.0 million  , respectively. The decrease in total revenue was   $0.5 million  . We experienced decreases in total revenue from our hotels located in San Francisco, New Orleans, New York, Chicago, and Washington DC, primarily as a result of a decrease in demand from transient customers during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The aforementioned decreases in total revenue were offset partially by increases in total revenue from our hotels located in Los Angeles, Denver, Minneapolis, Miami, and San Diego. We experienced an increase in demand from transient customers in those markets and our hotels located in Denver and Minneapolis further benefited from an increase in demand from group customers as a result of favorable city wide events and/or convention calendars during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Hotel operating expenses   Hotel operating expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization, for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $107.4 million   and   $106.8 million  , respectively. The increase in total hotel operating expenses of   $0.6 million   was primarily a result of an increase in occupancy at our hotels during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Specifically driving the increase in total hotel operating expenses were increases in rooms expense and the following indirect hotel operating expenses: general and administrative, sales and marketing, and incentive management fees. The increases in the aforementioned expenses were partially offset by decreases in food and beverage expense and the following indirect hotel operating expenses: repairs and maintenance, utilities, property taxes, and insurance.  
  Depreciation and amortization   Depreciation and amortization expense for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $18.7 million   and   $18.3 million  , respectively. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily attributable to routine capital expenditures made since September 30, 2015.  
  Air rights contract amortization   Air rights contract amortization expense associated with the Hyatt Regency Boston for each of the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.1 million  . 
  Corporate general and administrative   Corporate general and administrative expense for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $4.1 million   and   $4.0 million  , respectively. Included in corporate general and administrative expense for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $2.4 million   and   $1.9 million  , respectively, of non-cash share-based compensation expense. The increase in non-cash share-based compensation expense related to restricted common shares granted to employees.  
  Interest expense   Interest expense for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $8.1 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively. The decrease is primarily related to (1) the decrease in long-term debt outstanding as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 and (2) interest rate savings related to the prepayment of the Hyatt Regency Boston mortgage loan in April 2016 and the Courtyard Washington Capitol Hill/Navy Yard mortgage loan in August 2016. 
  Income tax expense   Income tax expense for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.2 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively. Income tax expense is directly related to taxable income generated by our TRSs during the period.  
   
  Comparison of   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Results of operations for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   include the operating activity of 22 hotels for the full period, whereas the results of operations for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   include the operating activity of 20 hotels for the full period and two hotels for part of the period. We use the term  comparable hotel portfolio  to refer to those hotels owned for the entirety of the two periods being compared and the term  non-comparable hotel portfolio  to refer to those hotels acquired or sold in either of the two periods being compared. The comparable hotel portfolio for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   includes 20 of our 22 hotels owned as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Revenue  s Total revenue for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   $474.6 million  , of which   $417.8 million   was contributed by the comparable hotel portfolio and   $56.8 million   was contributed by the non-comparable hotel portfolio. Total revenue for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was   $436.4 million  , of which   $402.3 million   was contributed by  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

the comparable hotel portfolio and   $34.1 million   was contributed by the non-comparable hotel portfolio. The increase in total revenue for the comparable hotel portfolio was   $15.5 million  . We experienced increases in total revenue from our hotels located in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Boston, New Orleans, and Minneapolis, which were offset partially by decreases in total revenue from our hotels located in Chicago, Washington DC, New York and Seattle. The Hyatt Regency Boston, the Le Meridien San Francisco and the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf experienced significant increases in total revenue due to the fact that the hotels were undergoing comprehensive renovations during a portion of the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We experienced favorable city wide events and convention calendar in San Francisco during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which led to increased demand from group customers and contributed to the increase in total revenue at the hotels located in that market. Conversely, we experienced unfavorable city wide events and convention calendar in Chicago during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which led to decreased demand from group customers and primarily drove the decrease in total revenue at the hotels located in that market. 
  Hotel operating expenses   Hotel operating expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization, for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   $314.5 million  , of which   $279.8 million   was contributed by the comparable hotel portfolio and   $34.7 million   was contributed by the non-comparable hotel portfolio. Hotel operating expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization, for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was   $293.2 million  , of which   $271.0 million   was contributed by the comparable hotel portfolio and   $22.2 million   was contributed by the non-comparable hotel portfolio. The increase in total hotel operating expenses for the comparable hotel portfolio of   $8.8 million   was primarily a result of the increase in corresponding total revenue for the comparable hotel portfolio. Specifically driving the increase in total hotel operating expenses were rooms expense, food and beverage expense and the following indirect hotel operating expenses: general and administrative, sales and marketing, repairs and maintenance, franchise fees, and management fees. Credit card commissions (included within general and administrative), brand marketing fees (included within sales and marketing), franchise fees and management fees are all variable hotel operating expenses calculated as a percentage of revenue and, therefore, increased commensurate with the increase in total revenues. 
  Depreciation and amortization   Depreciation and amortization expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $55.8 million   and   $51.2 million  , respectively. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of the Royal Palm South Beach Miami, a Tribute Portfolio Resort in March 2015 and the Ace Hotel and Theater Downtown Los Angeles in April 2015. 
  Air rights contract amortization   Air rights contract amortization expense associated with the Hyatt Regency Boston for each of the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.4 million  . 
  Corporate general and administrative   Corporate general and administrative expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $14.1 million   and   $13.1 million  , respectively. Included in corporate general and administrative expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $7.2 million   and   $5.6 million  , respectively, of non-cash share-based compensation expense. The increase in corporate general and administrative expense is primarily related to an increase in non-cash share-based compensation expense related to restricted common shares granted to employees.  
  Hotel acquisition costs   Hotel acquisition costs for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was   $0.9 million  . There were no hotel acquisitions occurring or hotel acquisition costs incurred during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Interest expense   Interest expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $23.9 million   and   $23.6 million  , respectively. The increase is primarily related to the use of debt to partially fund the acquisitions of the Royal Palm South Beach Miami, a Tribute Portfolio Resort in March 2015 and the Ace Hotel and Theater Downtown Los Angeles in April 2015, offset by interest rate savings related to the prepayment of the Hyatt Regency Boston mortgage loan in April 2016 and the Courtyard Washington Capitol Hill/Navy Yard mortgage loan in August 2016. 
  Gain on sale of hotel   Gain on sale of hotel for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.6 million   and related to the sale of the separate, five-room villa building and related land parcel at the Hyatt Centric Santa Barbara in April 2016. 
  Income tax expense   Income tax expense for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $2.0 million   and   $1.3 million  , respectively. Income tax expense is directly related to taxable income generated by our TRSs during the period.  
   
  Hotel operating results    
  We assess the operating performance of our hotels irrespective of the hotel owner during the periods compared. We use the term "pro forma" to refer to metrics that include, or comparisons of metrics that are based on, the operating results of hotels under previous ownership for either a portion of or the entire period. Since two of our hotels owned as of   September 30, 2016   were acquired during 2015, the key operating metrics below reflect the pro forma operating results for those hotels for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Included in the following table are comparisons of occupancy, ADR, RevPAR, Adjusted  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Hotel EBITDA, and Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin for the hotel portfolio for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except for ADR and RevPAR): 

(1) 
    Includes results of operations for certain hotels prior to our acquisition. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  Non-GAAP financial measures are measures of our historical financial performance that are different from measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We report the following eight non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to investors as key measures of our operating performance: (1) Hotel EBITDA, (2) Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, (3) Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin, (4) Corporate EBITDA, (5) Adjusted Corporate EBITDA, (6) Funds from operations (FFO), (7) FFO available to common shareholders, and (8) Adjusted FFO (AFFO) available to common shareholders.  
  Hotel EBITDA   Hotel EBITDA is defined as net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, air rights amortization, corporate general and administrative, and hotel acquisition costs. The Trust believes that Hotel EBITDA provides investors a useful financial measure to evaluate the Trust s hotel operating performance, excluding the impact of the Trust s capital structure (primarily interest), the Trust s asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization), and the Trust s corporate-level expenses (corporate general and administrative and hotel acquisition costs). 
  Adjusted Hotel EBITDA   We further adjust Hotel EBITDA for certain additional recurring and non-recurring items. Specifically, we adjust for non-cash amortization of intangible assets and liabilities, including ground lease assets and unfavorable contract liabilities, deferred franchise costs, and deferred key money, all of which are recurring items, and gains (losses) from sales of real estate, which is a non-recurring item. We believe that Adjusted Hotel EBITDA provides investors with another useful financial measure to evaluate our hotel operating performance, excluding the effect of these non-cash items. 
  Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin   Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted Hotel EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues. We believe that Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin provides investors another useful measure to evaluate our hotel operating performance. 
  The following table reconciles net income to Hotel EBITDA, Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, pro forma Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, and pro forma Adjusted Hotel EBITDA Margin for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Reflects non-cash amortization of ground lease asset, deferred franchise costs, deferred key money, and unfavorable contract liability. 
              (2) 
    Reflects results of operations for certain hotels prior to our acquisition. 
       
  Corporate EBITDA   Corporate EBITDA is defined as net income before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. We believe that Corporate EBITDA provides investors a useful financial measure to evaluate our operating performance, excluding the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense) and our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization). 
  Adjusted Corporate EBITDA   We further adjust Corporate EBITDA for certain additional recurring and non-recurring items. Specifically, we adjust for hotel acquisition costs and non-cash amortization of intangible assets and liabilities, including air rights contracts, ground lease assets and unfavorable contract liabilities, deferred franchise costs, and deferred key money, all of which are recurring items, and gains (losses) from sales of real estate, which is a non-recurring item. We believe that Adjusted Corporate EBITDA provides investors with another financial measure of our operating performance that provides for greater comparability of our core operating results between periods. 
  The following table reconciles net income to Corporate EBITDA and Adjusted Corporate EBITDA for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Reflects non-cash amortization of ground lease asset, deferred franchise costs, deferred key money, unfavorable contract liability, and air rights contract. 
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

FFO   We calculate FFO in accordance with standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT"), which defines FFO as net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding depreciation and amortization, impairment charges of depreciable real estate, gains (losses) from sales of real estate, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, most industry investors consider presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. By excluding the effect of depreciation and amortization and gains (losses) from sales of real estate, both of which are based on historical cost accounting and which may be of lesser significance in evaluating current performance, we believe that FFO provides investors a useful financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. 
  FFO available to common shareholders   We reduce FFO for preferred share dividends and dividends declared on and earnings allocated to unvested time-based awards (consistent with adjustments required by GAAP in reporting net income available to common shareholders and related per share amounts). FFO available to common shareholders provides investors another financial measure to evaluate our operating performance after taking into account the interests of holders of our preferred shares and unvested time-based awards.  
  AFFO available to common shareholders   We further adjust FFO available to common shareholders for certain additional recurring and non-recurring items that are not in NAREIT s definition of FFO. Specifically, we adjust for hotel acquisition costs and non-cash amortization of intangible assets and liabilities, including air rights contracts, ground lease assets and unfavorable contract liabilities, deferred franchise costs, and deferred key money, all of which are recurring items. We believe that AFFO available to common shareholders provides investors with another financial measure of our operating performance that provides for greater comparability of our core operating results between periods. 
  The following table reconciles net income to FFO, FFO available to common shareholders, and AFFO available to common shareholders for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

(1)   
    Reflects non-cash amortization of ground lease asset, deferred franchise costs, deferred key money, unfavorable contract liability, and air rights contract. 
       
  None of Hotel EBITDA, Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, Corporate EBITDA, Adjusted Corporate EBITDA, FFO, FFO available to common shareholders, or AFFO available to common shareholders represent cash generated from operating  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

activities as determined by GAAP, nor shall any of these measures be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income (loss), as an indication of our financial performance, or to GAAP cash flow from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity. In addition, Hotel EBITDA, Adjusted Hotel EBITDA, Corporate EBITDA, Adjusted Corporate EBITDA, FFO, FFO available to common shareholders, and AFFO available to common shareholders are not indicative of funds available to fund cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
  For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , net cash flows from operating activities were   $122.0 million  ; net cash flows used in investing activities were   $16.3 million  , including   $17.6 million   for improvements and additions to our hotels, offset by proceeds of   $2.0 million   from the sale of the separate,   five  -room villa building and related land parcel at the Hyatt Centric Santa Barbara; and net cash flows used in financing activities were   $99.3 million  , including the prepayment of two mortgage loans secured by the Hyatt Regency Boston and the Courtyard Washington Capitol Hill/Navy Yard totaling   $122.2 million  , net repayment of   $40.0 million   under our revolving credit facility,   $7.8 million   in scheduled principal payments on mortgage debt and   $78.1 million   in dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, offset by proceeds of   $150.0 million   from the issuance of mortgage debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $56.9 million  . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We expect our primary source of cash to meet operating requirements, including payment of dividends in accordance with the REIT requirements of the U.S. federal income tax laws, payment of interest on any borrowings and funding of any capital expenditures, will be from our hotels  results of operations and existing cash and cash equivalent balances. We currently expect that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to fund our continuing operations. We also expect to use existing restricted cash balances to partially fund any capital expenditures. We intend to incur indebtedness to supplement our investment capital and to maintain flexibility to respond to industry conditions and opportunities. We are targeting an overall debt level not to exceed 40% of the aggregate value of all of our hotels as calculated in accordance with our revolving credit facility; as of   September 30, 2016  , our overall debt level was 31.9% under this calculation.  
  We expect to meet long-term liquidity requirements, such as new hotel acquisitions and scheduled debt maturities, through additional secured and unsecured borrowings and the issuance of equity securities. Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity securities depends on, among other things, general market conditions for hotel companies and REITs and market perceptions about us. We will continue to analyze alternate sources of capital in an effort to minimize our capital costs and maximize our financial flexibility. 
  We expect to continue declaring distributions to shareholders, as required to maintain our REIT status, although no assurances can be made that we will continue to generate sufficient income to distribute similar aggregate amounts in the future. The per share amounts of future distributions will depend on the number of our common and preferred shares outstanding from time to time and will be determined by our board of trustees following its periodic review of our financial performance and capital requirements, and the terms of our existing borrowing arrangements. 
  As of the date of this filing, we have approximately $56.0 million of cash and cash equivalents, approximately $41.2 million of restricted cash, and total borrowing availability of $300.0 million under our revolving credit facility, of which $220.0 million remained available. See Note 7, "Long-Term Debt," to our interim consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our revolving credit facility and other long-term debt. 

Capital Expenditures 
  We maintain each hotel in good repair and condition and in conformity with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the franchisor s standards and the agreed-upon requirements in our management and loan agreements. The cost of all such routine improvements and alterations will be paid out of property improvement reserves, which will be funded by a portion of each hotel s gross revenues. Routine capital expenditures will be administered by the management companies. However, we will have approval rights over the capital expenditures as part of the annual budget process. 
  From time to time, certain of our hotels may be undergoing renovations as a result of our decision to upgrade portions of the hotels, such as guestrooms, meeting space, and/or restaurants, in order to better compete with other hotels in our markets. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of our hotels were undergoing comprehensive renovations. In addition, often after we acquire a hotel, we are required to complete a PIP in order to bring the hotel up to the respective franchisor s standards. If permitted by the terms of the management agreement, funding for a renovation will first come from the FF E reserve. To the extent that the FF E reserve is not adequate to cover the cost of the renovation, we will fund the remaining portion of the renovation with cash and cash equivalents or available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Contractual Obligations 
  The following table sets forth our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  , and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in thousands). There were no other material off-balance sheet arrangements at   September 30, 2016  . 

(1) 
    Assumes no additional borrowings and interest payments are based on the interest rate in effect at   September 30, 2016  . Also assumes that no extension options are exercised. See the notes to our interim consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our revolving credit facility and term loan. 
              (2) 
    The ground leases for the Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa and Marina and the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square provide for the greater of base or percentage rent, subject to potential increases over the term of the leases. Amounts assume only base rent for all periods presented and do not assume any adjustments for potential increases.  

Inflation 
  Operators of hotels, in general, possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. However, competitive pressures may limit the ability of our management companies to raise room rates. 

Seasonality 
  Demand in the lodging industry is affected by recurring seasonal patterns. For non-resort properties, demand is generally lower in the winter months due to decreased travel and higher in the spring and summer months during the peak travel season. For resort properties, demand is generally higher in the winter months. We expect that our operations will generally reflect non-resort seasonality patterns. Accordingly, we expect that we will have lower revenue, operating income and cash flow in the first and fourth quarters and higher revenue, operating income and cash flow in the second and third quarters. These general trends are, however, expected to be greatly influenced by overall economic cycles. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of our interim consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While we do not believe the reported amounts would be materially different, application of these policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. All of our critical accounting policies are disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  to our interim consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to recent accounting pronouncements. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We earn interest income primarily from cash and cash equivalent balances. Based on our cash and cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016  , if interest rates increase or decrease by 1.00%, our interest income will increase or decrease by approximately $0.6 million annually. 
  Amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facility currently bear interest at variable rates based on LIBOR plus 1.55% - 2.30% (the spread over LIBOR based on our consolidated leverage ratio). If prevailing LIBOR on any outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility were to increase or decrease by 1.00%, the increase or decrease in interest expense on our debt would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $0.7 million annually, assuming that the amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility was to remain at $70.0 million, the balance at   September 30, 2016  .  

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Trust have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), as required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, and have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Trust's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
  There was no change in the Trust's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act during the Trust's most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust's internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

PART II    
   
                 Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against us. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed under the caption  Risk Factors  in the Trust's Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 

None. 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-Q:  
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
       
    Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
       
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
       
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
       
    Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
       
    Section 1350 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS XBRL 
       
    Instance Document 

101.SCH XBRL 
       
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL XBRL 
       
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF XBRL 
       
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB XBRL 
       
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE XBRL 
       
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

28 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    
                       
    CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST 

Date: November 1, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /  S  /    D  OUGLAS   W. V  ICARI 

Douglas W. Vicari 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

/  S  /    G  RAHAM   J. W  OOTTEN 

Graham J. Wootten 

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer               (Principal Accounting Officer) 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 chsp-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, James L. Francis, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Chesapeake Lodging Trust; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (1) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (2) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (3) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (4) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (1) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (2) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 1, 2016 
      
    /s/ James L. Francis 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 chsp-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Douglas W. Vicari, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Chesapeake Lodging Trust; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (1) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (2) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (3) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (4) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (1) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (2) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 1, 2016 
               /s/ Douglas W. Vicari 
      Executive Vice President and Chief                   Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 chsp-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Chesapeake Lodging Trust (the  Trust ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James L. Francis, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Trust, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. 
  Date: November 1, 2016 
               /s/ James L. Francis 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 chsp-20160930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Chesapeake Lodging Trust (the  Trust ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Douglas W. Vicari, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Trust, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. 
  Date: November 1, 2016 
               /s/ Douglas W. Vicari 
      Executive Vice President and Chief         Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 chsp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chsp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 chsp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chsp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chsp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chsp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

