<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1097149_0001097149-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7464721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257197</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>485711</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2487870</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3109611</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>984841</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001097149-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108164715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001097149-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALIGN TECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001097149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				943267295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32259
		FILM NUMBER:		161981813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087381500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001097149-16-000065.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 algn-20160930.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ____________________________    
  FORM 10-Q 
  ____________________________    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                     to 
  Commission file number: 0-32259    
  ____________________________ 
  ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ____________________________  
                 Delaware 
    94-3267295 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

2560 Orchard Parkway 
  San Jose, California 95131 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (408) 470-1000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   ____________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, as of   October 31, 2016   was   79,689,402  . 

1 

Table of Contents  

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  INDEX 

PART I 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 
      ITEM 1. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED):  
    3 
        
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
    3 
        
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
    4 
        
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
    5 
        
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
    6 
        
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    7 
      ITEM 2. 
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    22 
      ITEM 3. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    34 
      ITEM 4. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    35 
      PART II 
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    36 
      ITEM 1. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    36 
      ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS  
    37 
      ITEM 2. 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    51 
      ITEM 3. 
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
    51 
      ITEM 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    51 
      ITEM 5. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    51 
      ITEM 6. 
     EXHIBITS  
    51 
       SIGNATURES  
    53 

Invisalign, Align, the Invisalign logo, ClinCheck, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Teen, Vivera, SmartForce, SmartTrack, SmartStage, Power Ridge, iTero, iTero Element, Orthocad, iCast and iRecord, among others, are trademarks and/or service marks of Align Technology, Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and may be registered in the United States and/or other countries. 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 
   
  Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by Align Technology, Inc. ( we ,  our , or  Align ) in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and contain all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, necessary to state fairly our results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our comprehensive income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and our cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   December 31, 2015   was derived from the   December 31, 2015   audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
    
  The results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016   or any other future period, and we make no representations related thereto. The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in Items 7, 7A and 8, respectively, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Use of estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States of America ( U.S. ) requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the fair values of financial instruments, long-lived assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
    
  Variable Interest Entities 
  We have interests in entities determined to be Variable Interest Entities ( VIEs ). If we determine we are the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, we would consolidate the VIE into our financial statements. In determining if we are the primary beneficiary, we evaluate whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Our evaluation includes identification of significant activities and an assessment of our ability to direct those activities based on governance provisions and arrangements to provide or receive product and process technology, product supply, operations services, equity funding, financing, and other applicable agreements and circumstances. Our assessments of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our VIEs require significant assumptions and judgments.  We have concluded that we are not the primary beneficiary of our VIE investments; therefore, we do not consolidate their results into our consolidated financials.  
    
  Investments in Privately-Held Companies 
  Investments in privately held companies in which we can exercise significant influence but do not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Equity method investments are reported on our balance sheet as a single amount, and we record our share of their operating results within equity in losses of investee in our results of operation.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (" FASB") released Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-9 "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  " (Topic 606) to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for the goods or services. The new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. In addition, the new standard requires that reporting companies disclose the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. We are required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the standard; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the standard. We have not yet selected a transition method, and are in the process of determining the impact that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (" FASB") released   ASU No. 2016-10   "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  " to clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance, while retaining the principles for those areas of the ASU 2014-9 issued in May 2014. The effective date and the transition requirement of the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Topic 606. 
    
  In May 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (" FASB") released   ASU No. 2016-12   "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  " to address certain issues in the Topic 606 guidance on assessing the collectibility, presentation of sales taxes, non-cash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition.  The ASU provides narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients to the ASU 2014-9 issued in May 2014. The effective date and the transition requirement of the amendments in this update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of Topic 606. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases    (Topic 842). The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the standard is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  " This ASU affects entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The ASU is designed to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions, which include the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations. This ASU will become effective for Align on January 1, 2017. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,    Financial Instruments - Credit Losses    (Topic 326)  .   The FASB issued this update to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in this update replace the existing guidance of incurred loss impairment methodology with an approach that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.   The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are   evaluating the impact of     the adoption of this update on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ("ASU 2016-15"). ASU 2016-15 clarifies the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on our financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note 2. Marketable Securities and Fair Value Measurements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the estimated fair value of our short-term and long-term marketable securities, classified as available for sale, are as follows (in thousands): 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Short-term 

Long-term   

Short-term 

Long-term    

Cash and cash equivalents are not included in the table above as the gross unrealized gains and losses are not material. We have no material short-term or long-term investments that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than twelve months as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Amounts reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income related to unrealized gains or losses were immaterial for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, realized gains or losses were immaterial.  
    
  Our fixed-income securities investment portfolio consists of commercial paper, corporate bonds, municipal securities, U.S. government agency bonds, U.S. government treasury bonds, U.S. dollar denominated foreign corporate bonds, certificates of deposits, and asset-backed securities that have a maximum effective maturity of   27   months. The securities that we invest in are  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

generally deemed to be low risk based on their credit ratings from the major rating agencies. The longer the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As interest rates increase, those securities purchased at a lower yield show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. The unrealized losses are due primarily to changes in credit spreads and interest rates. We expect to realize the full value of these investments upon maturity or sale. The weighted average remaining duration of these securities was approximately   8   months and   9   months as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  As the carrying value approximates the fair value for our short-term and long-term marketable securities shown in the tables above, the following table summarizes the fair value of our short-term and long-term marketable securities classified by  maturity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Fair Value Measurements 
    
  We measure the fair value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We use the GAAP fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
    
  Level 1     Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
    
  Our Level 1 assets consist of money market funds and U.S. government treasury bonds. We did not hold any Level 1 liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015. 
    
  Level 2     Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.  
    
  Our Level 2 assets consist of commercial paper, corporate bonds, certificates of deposits, U.S. government agency bonds, asset-backed securities, municipal securities, U.S. dollar denominated foreign corporate bonds and our Israeli funds that are mainly invested in insurance policies and foreign currency forward contracts. We obtain fair values for our Level 2 investments. Our custody bank and asset managers independently use professional pricing services to gather pricing data which may include quoted market prices for identical or comparable financial instruments, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly, and we are ultimately responsible for these underlying estimates. The foreign currency forward contracts are valued using observable inputs such as quotations on forward foreign exchange rates.  We did not hold any Level 2 liabilities as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
    
  Level 3     Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value measurements are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar valuation techniques, as well as significant management judgment or estimation.  
    
  Our Level 3 assets consist of long-term notes receivable and are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet.  In the third quarter of 2016, we entered into long-term notes receivable and, as of September 30, 2016, the fair value approximated its carrying value of   $2.0 million  . 

10 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize our financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):    

11 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  We have in the past and may in the future enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain trade and intercompany receivables and payables, which are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The net loss on these forward contracts was immaterial for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The net gain or loss from the settlement of these foreign currency forward contracts is recorded in Interest and other income (expenses), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. We had no foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . Certain of our investment in private companies contain embedded derivatives, which do not require bifurcation as we have elected to measure these investments at fair value. 

Note 3. Balance Sheet Components 
    
  Inventories 
    
  Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):    

Work in process includes costs to produce our clear aligner and intra-oral products. Finished goods primarily represent our intra-oral scanners and ancillary products that support our clear aligner products.  
    
  Accrued liabilities 
    
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):    

Warranty 
    
  We regularly review the accrued warranty balances and update these balances based on historical warranty trends. Actual warranty costs incurred have not materially differed from those accrued; however, future actual warranty costs could differ from the estimated amounts. 
    
  Clear Aligner 
    
  We warrant our Invisalign products against material defects until the Invisalign case is complete. We accrue for warranty costs in cost of net revenues upon shipment of products. The amount of accrued estimated warranty costs is primarily based on historical experience as to product failures as well as current information on replacement costs. 
    
  Scanners 
    
  We warrant our scanners for a period of   one   year and accrue for these warranty costs which includes materials and labor based on estimated historical repair costs. Extended service packages may be purchased for additional fees. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Warranty accrual as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   consists of the following activity (in thousands):    

Note 4. Equity Method Investments 
    
  On July 25, 2016, we acquired a   17%   equity interest, on a fully diluted basis, in SmileDirectClub, LLC ( SDC ) for   $46.7 million  , and account for this as an equity method investment. Thus, we include our proportional share of SDC's earnings or losses in our consolidated statement of operations. The investment is reported on our consolidated balance sheet as a single amount under Equity Method Investments, and we record our share of their operating results within Equity in losses of investee in our consolidated statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the balance of our equity method investments was   $46.3 million  .  
    
  Concurrently with the investment, on July 25, 2016, we also entered into a supply agreement with SDC to manufacture clear aligners for SDC's doctor-led, at-home program for simple teeth straightening. The term of the supply agreement expires on December 31, 2019. We commenced supplying aligners to SDC in October 2016. The sale of aligners to SDC and the income from under the supply agreement will be reported in our Clear Aligner business segment after eliminating outstanding intercompany transactions.  

Note 5. Goodwill and Intangible Long-lived Assets 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  The change in the carrying value of goodwill for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , all attributable to our Clear Aligner reporting unit, is as follows (in thousands): 

1    The adjustments to goodwill during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were due to foreign currency translation. 
    
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we performed the annual goodwill impairment testing and found no impairment events as the fair value of our Clear Aligner reporting unit was significantly in excess of the carrying value. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Intangible Long-Lived Assets 
    
  Acquired intangible assets are being amortized as follows (in thousands):    

During the second quarter of 2016, we acquired a patent for   $6.0 million  , which will be amortized over its remaining useful life of approximately   eight   years. 
    
  The total estimated annual future amortization expense for these acquired intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

Amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was   $2.2 million  . 

Note 6. Credit Facilities 
    
  On March 17, 2016, we amended the credit facility and extended the maturity date to March 22, 2017. The credit facility provides for a   $50.0 million   revolving line of credit, with a   $10.0 million   letter of credit sublimit. The credit facility also requires us to maintain a minimum unrestricted cash balance of   $50.0 million   and comply with specific financial conditions and performance requirements. The loan bears interest, at our option, at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the daily one-month adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of   1.75%   or an adjusted LIBOR rate (based on one, three, six or twelve-month interest periods) plus a spread of   1.75%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and were in compliance with the conditions and performance requirements. 

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 7. Legal Proceedings 
       
  Securities Class Action Lawsuit 
       
  On November 28, 2012, plaintiff City of Dearborn Heights Act 345 Police   Fire Retirement System filed a lawsuit against Align, Thomas M. Prescott ( Mr. Prescott ), Align s former President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kenneth B. Arola ( Mr. Arola ), Align s former Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common stock (the  Securities Action ). On July 11, 2013, an amended complaint was filed, which named the same defendants, on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common stock between January 31, 2012 and October 17, 2012. The amended complaint alleged that Align, Mr. Prescott and Mr. Arola violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and that Mr. Prescott and Mr. Arola violated Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the amended complaint alleged that during the purported class period defendants failed to take an appropriate goodwill impairment charge related to the April 29, 2011 acquisition of Cadent Holdings, Inc. in the fourth quarter of 2011, the first quarter of 2012 or the second quarter of 2012, which rendered our financial statements and projections of future earnings materially false and misleading and in violation of U.S. GAAP. The amended complaint sought monetary damages in an unspecified amount, costs and attorneys  fees. On December 9, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to dismiss with leave for plaintiff to file a second amended complaint. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on January 8, 2014 on behalf of the same purported class. The second amended complaint states the same claims as the amended complaint. On August 22, 2014, the court granted our motion to dismiss without leave to amend. On September 22, 2014, Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Briefing for the appeal was completed in May 2015 and the Ninth Circuit held oral arguments in October 2016. Align intends to vigorously defend itself against these allegations. Align is currently unable to predict the outcome of this amended complaint and therefore cannot determine the likelihood of loss nor estimate a range of possible loss, if any.  
       
  Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit 
       
  On February 1, 2013, plaintiff Gary Udis filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit against several of Align s current and former officers and directors in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara. The complaint alleges that our reported income and earnings were materially overstated because of a failure to timely write down goodwill related to the April 29, 2011 acquisition of Cadent Holdings, Inc., and that defendants made allegedly false statements concerning our forecasts. The complaint asserts various state law causes of action, including claims of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and insider trading, among others. The complaint seeks unspecified damages on behalf of Align, which is named solely as nominal defendant against whom no recovery is sought. The complaint also seeks an order directing Align to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures, and seeks restitution in an unspecified amount, costs, and attorneys  fees. On July 8, 2013, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until an initial ruling on our first motion to dismiss the Securities Action. On January 15, 2014, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until an initial ruling on our second motion to dismiss the Securities Action. On October 14, 2014, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until a ruling by the Ninth Circuit in the Securities Action discussed above. Align is currently unable to predict the outcome of this complaint and therefore cannot determine the likelihood of loss nor estimate a range of possible losses, if any. 
    
  In addition, in the course of Align's operations, Align is involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations, and proceedings, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, patent infringement claims, government investigations, labor and employment claims, breach of contract claims, tax, and other matters. Regardless of the outcome, these proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Although the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and Align's view of these matters may change in the future as litigation and events related thereto unfold; Align currently does not believe that these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will materially affect Align's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

15 

Table of Contents  

Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Operating Leases 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , minimum future lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):       

Other Commitments 
    
  On July 25, 2016, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with SDC where we agreed to provide a loan of up to   $15.0 million   in one or more advances to SDC (the "Loan Facility"). Available advances under the Loan Facility are subject to a borrowing base of   80%   of SDC's eligible accounts receivable, determined in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, and the satisfaction of other customary conditions. The advances bear interest, paid quarterly, at the rate of   7%   per annum. Advances that are repaid or prepaid may be reborrowed. All outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the advances are due and payable on July 25, 2021. SDC's obligations in respect of the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of SDC's assets.  As of September 30, 2016, no advances on the Loan Facility were issued or outstanding. (  Refer to Note 4 "Equity Method Investments" of the Notes of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   for more information on our investments in SDC.) 
    
  We have entered into certain investments with a privately held company where we have committed to purchase up to   $5.0 million   in convertible promissory notes. The first convertible promissory note for   $2.0 million   was issued in July 2016 and is outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The remaining   $3.0 million   is conditioned upon achievement of various business milestones. The notes all mature on December 30, 2018 and accrue interest annually at   2.5%  . 
    
  Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
    
  Indemnification Provisions 
    
  In the normal course of business to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain parties: customers, vendors, lessors and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, services to be provided by us and intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and our executive officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim.  
  It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims and the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. 

16 

Table of Contents  

Note 9. Stock-based Compensation 
    
  Summary of stock-based compensation expense 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the 2005 Incentive Plan (as amended) has a total reserve of   30,169,000   shares of which   8,036,000   shares are available for issuance. 
    
  Stock-based compensation is based on the estimated fair value of awards, net of estimated forfeitures, and recognized over the requisite service period. Estimated forfeitures are based on historical experience at the time of grant and may be revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The stock-based compensation related to all of our stock-based awards and employee stock purchases for the three and    nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows (in thousands):    

Options 
    
  Activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   under the stock option plans is set forth below (in thousands, except years and per share amounts): 

There were   no   stock options granted during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . All compensation costs relating to stock options have been recognized as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Restricted Stock Units ( RSU ) 
    
  A summary of the RSU activity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands, except years): 

17 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the total unamortized compensation cost related to RSU, net of estimated forfeitures, was   $71.2 million  , which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of   2.2   years. 
    
  We have granted market-performance based restricted stock units ( MSU ) to our executive officers. Each MSU represents the right to one share of Align s common stock and will be issued through our amended 2005 Incentive Plan. The actual number of MSU which will be eligible to vest will be based on the performance of Align s stock price relative to the performance of the NASDAQ Composite Index over the vesting period, generally   two   to   three   years, up to   150%   of the MSU initially granted. 
    
  The following table summarizes the MSU activity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands, except years):    

As of   September 30, 2016  , the total unamortized compensation costs related to the MSU, net of estimated forfeitures, was   $13.4 million  , which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of   1.4   years. 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") 
    
  In May 2010, our stockholders approved the 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2010 Purchase Plan") which will continue until terminated by either the Board of Directors or its administrator. The maximum number of shares available for purchase under the 2010 Purchase Plan is   2,400,000   shares. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   937,000   shares remain available for purchase under the 2010 Purchase Plan. 
    
  The fair value of the option component of the 2010 Purchase Plan shares was estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the total unamortized compensation cost related to employee purchases was   $1.2 million  , which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of   0.5   year. 

Note 10. Common Stock Repurchase 
    
  April 2014 Repurchase Program 
    
  In April 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program ("April 2014 Repurchase Program") pursuant to which we may purchase up to   $300.0 million   of our common stock over the next   three   years.  
    
  On May 3, 2016, as part of our   $300.0 million   April 2014 Repurchase Program, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR") to repurchase   $50.0 million   of our common stock (the "2016 ASR".) Under the terms of the 2016 ASR, we paid   $50.0 million   and received an initial delivery of approximately   0.5 million   shares. The 2016 ASR was completed on September 6, 2016 with a final delivery of approximately   0.1 million   shares. We received a total of approximately   0.6 million   shares under the 2016 ASR at a weighted average share price of    $81.89  . The final number of shares repurchased was based on our volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the transaction, less an agreed upon discount. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

During 2016, we have repurchased on the open market approximately   0.1 million   shares of our common stock at a weighted average of   $93.21   per share, including commissions, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $8.2 million  . All repurchased shares were retired. As of September 30, 2016, we have   $41.8 million   remaining under the April 2014 Repurchase Program.  
    
  April 2016 Repurchase Program 
    
  On April 28, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized an additional plan to repurchase up to   $300.0 million   of the Company's stock ("the April 2016 Repurchase Plan"). Any purchases under this stock repurchase program may be made, from time-to-time, pursuant to open market purchases (including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans), privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchases, block trades or derivative contracts or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of September 30, 2016, there have not been any repurchases under this plan. 

Note 11.  Accounting for Income Taxes 
    
  Our provision for income taxes was $  11.7 million   and $  8.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, representing effective tax rates of   18.4%   and   24.3%  , respectively. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due to certain foreign earnings, most significantly in Costa Rica and the Netherlands, which is subject to lower tax rates, and the impacts from our international corporate restructuring, explained below, partially offset by the tax impact of certain stock-based compensation charges, and unrecognized tax benefits. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to our international corporate restructuring described below. 
    
  Our provision for income taxes was   $39.2 million   and $  31.3 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing effective tax rates of   21.6%   and   24.8%  , respectively. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due to certain foreign earnings, most significantly in Costa Rica and the Netherlands, which is subject to lower tax rates, and the impacts from our international corporate restructuring, explained below, partially offset by the tax impact of certain stock-based compensation charges, and unrecognized tax benefits. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to our international corporate restructuring described below. 
    
  We exercise significant judgment in regards to estimates of future market growth, forecasted earnings and projected taxable income in determining the provision for income taxes, and for purposes of assessing our ability to utilize any future benefit from deferred tax assets. 
    
  Our total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties was   $43.9 million   and   $39.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, all of which would impact our effective tax rate if recognized. Our total interest and penalties accrued as of September 30, 2016 was   $1.7 million  .  We have elected to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxes. We do not expect any significant changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefit within the next twelve months.   
    
  We file U.S. federal, U.S. state, and non-U.S. income tax returns. Our major tax jurisdictions are U.S. federal and the State of California. For U.S. federal and state tax returns, we are no longer subject to tax examinations for years before 2000. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to examination by foreign tax authorities for years before 2007. Our subsidiary in Israel is under audit by the local tax authorities for calendar years 2006 through 2013. The audit by the California Franchise Tax Board for fiscal years 2011, 2012 and 2013 was concluded without material adjustment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
    
  On July 1, 2016, we implemented a new international corporate structure.  This changes the structure of our international procurement and sales operations, as well as realigns the ownership and use of intellectual property among our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We continue to anticipate that an increasing percentage of our consolidated pre-tax income will be derived from, and reinvested in our foreign operations.  We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. federal statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over time. Although the license of intellectual property rights between consolidated entities did not result in any gain in the consolidated financial statements, the Company generated taxable gains in certain jurisdictions resulting in a tax expense in the quarter of   $26.6 million  .  Additionally, as a result of the restructuring, we reassessed the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets considering all available evidence. Given the current earnings and anticipated future earnings of our subsidiary in Israel, we concluded that we have sufficient positive evidence to release the valuation allowance against our Israel operating loss carryforwards of   $31.4 million  , which resulted in an income tax benefit in this period of the same amount.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

As of September 30, 2016, we maintained a valuation allowance of   $0.3 million   against Australia capital loss carryforwards. These net capital loss carryforwards would result in the recording of an income tax benefit if we were to conclude it is more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will be realized. 
    
  In June 2009, the Costa Rica Ministry of Foreign Trade, an agency of the Government of Costa Rica, granted a twelve year extension of certain income tax incentives, which were previously granted in 2002. The incentive tax rates will expire in various years beginning in 2017. We intend to seek a renewal of these income tax incentives before they expire. Under these incentives, all of the income in Costa Rica during these twelve year incentive periods is subject to a reduced tax rate. In order to receive the benefit of these incentives, we must hire specified numbers of employees and maintain certain minimum levels of fixed asset investment in Costa Rica. If we do not fulfill these conditions for any reason, our incentive could lapse, and our income in Costa Rica would be subject to taxation at higher rates, which could have a negative impact on our operating results. The Costa Rica corporate income tax rate that would apply, absent the incentives, is   30%   for   2016   and 2015. Income taxes were reduced by   $0.3 million   and   $8.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, representing a minimal impact to diluted net income per share to the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a benefit to diluted net income per share of   $0.10   in   2015  . As a result of these incentives, our income taxes were reduced by   $17.5 million   and   $24.6 million   for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a benefit to diluted net income per share of   $0.21   and   $0.30   in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  We maintain sufficient cash reserves in the U.S. and do not intend to repatriate our foreign earnings. As a result, income taxes have not been provided on these foreign earnings.  If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits and foreign withholding taxes. We intend to use the undistributed earnings for local operating expansions and to meet local operating working capital needs. In addition, a significant amount of the cash earned by foreign subsidiaries is deployed to effect this international restructure. 

Note 12. Net Income Per Share 
    
  Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock, adjusted for any dilutive effect of potential common stock. Potential common stock, computed using the treasury stock method, includes RSU, MSU, stock options and ESPP. 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common stock (in thousands, except per share amounts):    

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, the anti-dilutive effect from RSU, MSU, stock options and ESPP was not material.  

20 

Table of Contents  

Note 13. Segments and Geographical Information 
    
  Segment Information 
    
  Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ), or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Our CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. We report segment information based on the management approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by the CODM for decision making and performance assessment as the basis for determining our reportable segments. The performance measures of our reportable segments include net revenues and gross profit. 
    
  We have grouped our operations into   two   reportable segments which are also our reporting units: Clear Aligner segment and Scanner segment. 

Our Clear Aligner segment consists of our Invisalign system which includes Invisalign Full, Express/Lite, Teen, Assist, Vivera retainers, along with our training and ancillary products for treating malocclusion. 
                
    Our Scanner segment consists of intra-oral scanning systems and additional services available with the intra-oral scanners that provide digital alternatives to the traditional cast models. This segment includes our iTero scanner and OrthoCAD services. 
     These reportable operating segments are based on how our CODM views and evaluates our operations as well as allocation of resources. The following information relates to these segments (in thousands): 

Geographical Information 
    
  On July 1, 2016,  we implemented a new international corporate structure. This changed the structure of our international procurement and sales operations.  
    
  Net revenues are presented below by geographic area (in thousands): 

(1)    Net revenues are attributed to countries based on location of where revenue is recognized. 
    
  As a result of the new international corporate structure changes approximately   $92.0 million   in long-lived assets were transfered into our Netherlands entity as of July 1, 2016. Tangible long-lived assets are presented below by geographic area (in thousands): 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

(2)    Long-lived assets are attributed to countries based on the entity that owns the asset  . 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
    
  In addition to historical information, this quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include, among other things, our expectations regarding the anticipated impact that our new products and product enhancements will have on doctor utilization and our market share, our expectation that the policy simplification  Additional Aligners at No Charge" will help increase Invisalign utilization and volume, our expectations regarding product mix and product adoption, our expectations regarding the existence and impact of seasonality, our expectations regarding the financial and strategic benefits of the Scanner and Services ("Scanner") business, our expectations to increase our investment in manufacturing capacity, our expectations regarding the continued expansion of our international markets, the anticipated number of new doctors trained, our expectations regarding our stock repurchase program, the level of our operating expenses and gross margins, that the SmileDirectClub transaction will be incremental to our revenue and earnings in 2017, and other factors beyond our control, as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects and business strategies. These statements may contain words such as  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates,  or other words indicating future results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and in particular, the risks discussed below in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors.  We undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our goal is to establish Invisalign clear aligners as the standard method for treating malocclusion and to establish the iTero intraoral scanner as the preferred scanning device for 3D digital scans, ultimately driving increased product adoption by dental professionals. We intend to achieve this by continued focus and execution of our strategic growth drivers set forth in the   Business Strategy   section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The successful execution of our business strategy and our results in 2016 and beyond may be affected by a number of other factors including: 
             
    Departure of our CFO and appointment of new CFO.   On November 7, 2016, David L. White, our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), announced his retirement as our Chief Financial Officer effective November 10, 2016. Mr. White will remain employed in a non-executive role until March 1, 2017 in order to, among other things, oversee planning and ERP implementation projects and assist in the transition of his duties.  Also effective  November 10, 2016, John F. Morici joined us as our new CFO. While we expect to engage in an orderly transition with Mr. Morici as our new CFO, our ability to execute our business strategies and retain key personnel may be adversely affected by the uncertainty associated with this transition. 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Additional Aligners at No Charge.   In July 2015, we launched a new product policy called "Additional Aligners at No Charge" which allows doctors to order additional aligners to address either mid-course corrections and case refinements at no charge, subject to certain requirements. While this policy change was largely immaterial to our cash flows, it does impact the timing at which we recognize revenue.  Based on this new product policy, beginning in the third quarter of 2015, we deferred more revenue as a result of providing free additional aligners for eligible treatments. While this product policy change will impact the timing of our revenue recognition, we believe this policy change will result in a significant improvement in customer satisfaction and loyalty, and ultimately increase Invisalign utilization and volume over time.  
             
          New Products, Feature Enhancements and Technology Innovation  .  Product innovation drives greater treatment predictability and clinical applicability, and ease of use for our customers, which supports adoption of Invisalign in their practices. Increasing applicability and treating more complex cases requires that we move away from individual features to more comprehensive solutions so that Invisalign providers can more predictably treat the whole case, such as with our Invisalign "G-Series" of product innovations, including our most recent October 2016 release, Invisalign G7.  Invisalign G7 delivers better upper lateral control, improved root control, and features to address prevention of posterior open bites.  We also announced ClinCheck Pro 5.0, which has new features designed to deliver an improved and user friendly experience and increased control to Invisalign providers. Since the iTero Element began shipping in September 2015, the use of iTero scanners for Invisalign case submissions in place of Polyvinyl-siloxane ("PVS") impressions has gradually increased to a record 48.4% of cases from North America and 39.6% of cases from doctors worldwide.  We believe that over the long-term, clinical solutions and treatment tools will increase adoption of Invisalign and increase sales of our Intra-oral scanners; however, it is difficult to predict the rate of adoption which may vary by region and channel. 
                
    Invisalign Adoption.   Our goal is to establish Invisalign as the treatment of choice for treating malocclusion ultimately driving increased product adoption and frequency of use by dental professionals, also known as "utilization rates." Our quarterly utilization rates for the previous 9 quarters are as follows: 

*       Invisalign Utilization rates = # of cases shipped divided by # of doctors cases were shipped to 
    
  Total utilization in the third quarter of 2016 increased to 5.0 cases per doctor compared to 4.7 in the third quarter of 2015. Utilization among our North American orthodontist customers reached an all time high of 11.1 cases per doctor in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 9.9 in the third quarter of 2015. The increase in North America orthodontist  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

utilization reflects improvements in product and technology, which continues to strengthen our doctors  clinical confidence in the use of Invisalign such that they now utilize Invisalign more often and on more complex cases, including their teenage patients. North American GP doctor utilization in third quarter of 2016 was consistent when compared to the third quarter of 2015. International doctor utilization increased to 4.9 cases in the third quarter of 2016 from 4.6 in the third quarter of 2015. Increased International utilization reflects growth in both the Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and Asia Pacific regions due to increasing adoption of the product and its ability to treat more complex cases, particularly in the Asia Pacific region. We expect that over the long-term our utilization rates will gradually improve as a result of advancements in product and technology, which continue to strengthen our doctors  clinical confidence in the use of Invisalign; however, we expect that our utilization rates may fluctuate from period to period due to a variety of factors, including seasonal trends in our business along with adoption rates of new products and features. 

Number of new Invisalign doctors trained.    We continue to expand our Invisalign customer base through the training of new doctors. During fiscal year 2015, Invisalign growth was driven primarily by increased utilization across all regions as well as by the continued expansion of our customer base as we trained a total of 9,795 new Invisalign doctors, of which 56% were trained internationally. During the third quarter of 2016, we trained 2,615 new Invisalign doctors, up from 2,260 trained in third quarter of 2015. 

International Clear Aligner Growth.    We will continue to focus our efforts towards increasing adoption of our products by dental professionals in our direct international markets. On a year over year basis, international volume increased 33.8 % driven primarily by strong performance in our Asia Pacific and in Europe regions. In 2016, we are continuing to expand in our existing markets through targeted investments in sales coverage and professional marketing and education programs, along with consumer marketing in selected country markets. We expect international Clear Aligner revenues to continue to grow at a faster rate than North America for the foreseeable future due to our continued investment in international market expansion, the size of the market opportunity, and our relatively low market penetration in this region. As our international Clear Aligner revenues have increased from $61.3 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $84.3 million in the third quarter of 2016, we are increasingly subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Although we have historically accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage risk, we have in the past and may in the future initiate foreign currency economic hedging program to mitigate the foreign currency risk in countries where we have significant monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. The impact from forward contracts was not material to our financial statements for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
     In addition, as we plan for further international expansion over the next several years, we must provide better support to our customers in these regions and be geographically closer to their practices. Accordingly, we intend to make further investments in our manufacturing over the next few years to enhance our regional capabilities.    
             
    Establish Regional Order Acquisition and Treatment Planning facilities:   We intend to establish additional Order Acquisition and Treatment Planning facilities closer to our International customers in order to improve our operational efficiency and provide doctors with a great experience to further improve their confidence in using Invisalign to treat more patients, more often. If demand for our product exceeds our current expectations, or if the timing of receipt of case product orders during a given quarter is different from our expectations, we may not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner, which may negatively impact our financial results and overall business. Conversely, if demand decreases or if we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. 
                
    Operating Expenses.   We expect operating expenses to increase in 2016 due in part to: 
                
    investments in international expansion in new country markets such as India and Korea; 
                
    the increase in sales and customer support resources; and 
                
    product and technology innovation to address such things as treatment times, indications unique to teens, and predictability. 
     We believe that these investments will position us to increase our revenue and continue to grow our market share.   
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Stock Repurchases: 

Stock Repurchase Authorization.   On April 28, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a plan to repurchase up to $300.0 million of the Company's stock. Any purchases under this stock repurchase program may be made, from time-to-time, pursuant to open market purchases (including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans), privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchases, block trades or derivative contracts or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

Accelerated Stock Repurchase  . On May 3, 2016, as part of our   $300.0 million   April 2014 stock repurchase program, we entered into an Accelerated Stock Repurchase agreement to repurchase   $50.0 million   of our common stock (the "2016 ASR"). Under the terms of the 2016 ASR, we paid   $50.0 million   on May 4, 2016 and received an initial delivery of approximately   0.5 million    shares based on current market prices. The 2016 ASR was completed on September 6, 2016 with a final delivery of approximately   0.1 million   shares. All repurchased shares were retired. (  Refer to Note 9 "Common Stock Repurchase", of the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   for details on common stock repurchase). 

10b5-1 Stock Repurchase Plan  . On May 3, 2016, we also entered into a stock repurchase plan under which we will repurchase up to $50 million of our common stock. During 2016, we repurchased on the open market approximately   0.1 million   shares of our common stock at an average of   $93.21   per share, including commissions, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $8.2 million  . This stock repurchase plan will operate in accordance with guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Accordingly, transactions, if any, will be carried out in accordance with the terms of the share repurchase plan, including specified price, volume, and timing conditions.  

Remaining Available Repurchases  . As of September 30, 2016, we have   $41.8 million   remaining under the April 2014 Repurchase Program and $300.0 million under the April 2016 Repurchase Plan. (  Refer to Note 9 "Common Stock Repurchase", of the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   for details on common stock repurchase). 

SmileDirectClub.   On July 25, 2016, we entered into a supply agreement with SmileDirectClub, LLC to manufacture clear aligners for SmileDirectClub's doctor-led, at-home program for simple teeth straightening.  SmileDirectClub aligners will use our single-layer EX30 material for cases without attachments or interproximal reduction and will be manufactured by Align according to SmileDirectClub's specifications for minor tooth movement.  The Invisalign brand and system of clear aligners will continue to be available exclusively through Invisalign-trained orthodontists and general dentists for in-office treatment. In October 2016, we became SmileDirectClub's exclusive third-party supplier and commercial supplying aligners for its minor tooth movement aligner program. We also provided a revolving line of credit to SmileDirectClub of up to $15 million to fund their working capital and general corporate needs. As part of the transaction, we acquired a 17% equity interest in SmileDirectClub for $46.7 million.  As a result of our equity holdings in SmileDirectClub, we are required to account for SmileDirectClub's operations in our financial statements based on the equity method of accounting. Our financial results, therefore will reflect two components as follows:  

The investment is reported on our balance sheet as a single amount under Equity Method Investments and we record our share of their operating results after eliminating outstanding intercompany transactions within Equity in losses of investee in our consolidated statement of operation.  As of September 30, 2016 the balance of our equity method investments was $46.3 million. Align is performing a fair value assessment in order to determine if we need to value components of the SDC agreements including any identifiable intangible assets. We expect to complete our valuation in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Commencing in October 2016, when we began supplying aligners, the sale of aligners to SDC and the income from under the supply agreement will be reported in our Clear Aligner business segment. 
       
  We expect the transaction to be incremental to both our revenue growth and earnings in 2017.  

25 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
  Net revenues by Reportable Segment 
    
  We group our operations into two reportable segments: Clear Aligner segment and Scanner segment. 

Our Clear Aligner segment consists of our Invisalign system which includes Invisalign Full, Teen and Assist ("Full Products"), Express/Lite ("Express Products"),Vivera retainers, along with our training and ancillary products for treating malocclusion. 

Our Scanner segment consists of intra-oral scanning systems and additional services available with the intra-oral scanners that provide digital alternatives to the traditional cast models. This segment includes our iTero scanner and OrthoCAD services. 
       
  Net revenues for our Clear Aligner segment by region and our Scanner segment by region for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows (in millions):  

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
    
  Clear Aligner Case Volume by Region 
    
  Case volume data which represents Invisalign case shipments by region for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows (in thousands):  

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
    
  Total net revenues increased by   $71.0 million   and   $171.5 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily as a result of Invisalign case volume growth across all regions and products. 
    
  Clear Aligner - North America 
    
  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, Clear Aligner North America net revenues increased by   $19.7 million    compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to Invisalign case volume growth of approximately $18.0 million across all channels and products, and, to a lesser extent, due to higher average selling prices ( ASP ) which increased net revenues by $1.7 million.  ASP increased in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of the price increase on our Full products effective April 1, 2016 which contributed approximately $5.6 million to net revenues, offset in part by higher promotional discounts of approximately $4.0 million.  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Clear Aligner North America net revenues increased by   $54.3 million   compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to Invisalign case volume growth of approximately $62.3 million across all channels and products. This increase was offset in part by lower ASP which decreased net revenues by $8.0 million. ASP declined in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of higher promotional discounts of $11.5 million as well as an increase in net deferrals of $7.9 million primarily related to our additional aligners product policy change in July 2015. These declines were partially offset by the price increases on our Full products effective April 1, 2015 and April 1, 2016 which contributed $11.6 million to net revenues. 
    
  Clear Aligner - International 
    
  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, Clear Aligner international net revenues increased by $  23.0 million   compared to the same period in 2015 primarily driven by Invisalign case volume growth of $21.2 million across all geographies and products, and, to a lesser extent, due to higher ASP which increased net revenues by $1.8 million. ASP increased in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of increased additional aligner revenue which contributed $2.6 million to net revenues, as well as the price increase on our Full products effective July 1, 2016 which contributed $0.8 million to net revenues. These increases in ASP were offset in part by unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates as well as higher promotional discounts of $1.6 million.  
    
  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Clear Aligner international net revenues increased by $  58.8 million   compared to the same period in 2015 primarily driven by Invisalign case volume growth of $64.5 million across all products. This was offset in part by lower ASP which decreased net revenues by approximately $5.7 million. ASP declined in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year primarily a result of a region and product mix shift towards lower priced Invisalign products of $4.2 million, higher promotional discounts of $2.5 million, and higher net deferrals of $1.8 million primarily related to additional aligners as a result of our product policy change in July 2015, and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of $1.5 million. These decreases were partially offset by the price increase on our Full products effective July 1, 2015 and July 1, 2016 which contributed $4.6 million to net revenues in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Clear Aligner - Invisalign Non-Case 
    
  Invisalign non-case net revenues consists of training fees and ancillary product revenues. Invisalign non-case net revenues increased by   $2.7 million   and $  7.5 million  , respectively for the   three   and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increased Vivera volume both in North America and International. 
    
  Scanner  
    
  Scanner net revenues increased $  25.6 million   and $  50.8 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in the number of scanners recognized as we began shipping our next generation iTero Element scanner in September 2015, and, to a lesser extent, due to an increase in ASP. 

27 

Table of Contents  

Cost of net revenues and gross profit (in millions): 

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
    
  Cost of net revenues for our Clear Aligner and Scanner segments includes salaries for staff involved in the production process, the cost of materials, packaging, shipping costs, depreciation on capital equipment used in the production process, amortization of acquired intangible assets from Cadent, training costs and stock-based compensation. 
    
  Clear Aligner 
    
  Gross margin decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily driven by a higher number of aligners per case, partially offset by a higher worldwide ASP. 
    
          Gross margin declined for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 from lower worldwide ASP and higher number of aligners per case. 
    
  Scanner 
    
  Gross margin increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to a product mix shift to our iTero Element scanner resulting in a higher ASP and lower costs per unit. 

Selling, General and administrative (in millions): 

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense includes personnel-related costs including payroll, commissions and stock-based compensation for our sales force, marketing and administration in addition to media and advertising expenses, clinical education, trade shows and industry events, product marketing, outside consulting services, legal expenses, depreciation and amortization expense, the medical device excise tax ("MDET") and allocations of corporate overhead expenses including facilities and IT. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher compensation related costs of $9.7 million primarily due to increased headcount in sales and customer support, which includes higher salaries expense, incentive bonuses and fringe benefits. In addition, we also incurred  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

higher expenses from advertising and marketing of $5.1 million, equipment and material costs of $3.5 million, and outside services costs of $6.1 million. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher compensation related costs of $33.3 million primarily due to increased headcount in sales and customer support, which includes higher salaries expense, incentive bonuses and fringe benefits. We also incurred higher expenses from advertising and marketing of $12.1 million, equipment and material costs of $6.6 million, and outside services costs of $5.7 million; additionally, during the first quarter of 2015 there was a refund of MDET taxes paid in 2014 of $6.8 million as our aligners are now no longer subject to the excise tax.  

Research and development (in millions): 

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
  Research and development expense includes the personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation and outside consulting expenses associated with the research and development of new products and enhancements to existing products and allocations of corporate overhead expenses including facilities and IT. 
    
  Research and development expense for the   three   and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased compared to the same period in   2015   due to higher compensation costs from additional headcount and salary increases, offset by lower outside services. 

Interest and other income (expenses), net (in millions): 

Changes and percentages are based on actual values.  Certain tables may not sum or recalculate due to rounding. 
    
  Interest and other income (expenses), net, includes foreign currency translation gains and losses, interest income earned on cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts and other miscellaneous charges. 
    
  Interest and other income (expenses), net increased for the   three   and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 due to foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar, and increased interest income on higher average balances of marketable securities.  
    
  Equity in losses of investee, net of tax: 
    
  We invested $46.7 million in SDC on July 25, 2016 and we account for this investment based on the equity method of accounting. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a $0.5 million charge representing our share of losses attributable to equity method investments. (  Refer to Note 4 "Equity Method Investments", of the Notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements   for details on equity method investments.) 

Income tax (in millions): 

29 

     Table of Contents  

Our provision for income taxes was $11.7 million and $8.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing effective tax rates of 18.4% and 24.3%, respectively.  Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due to certain foreign earnings, most significantly in Costa Rica and the Netherlands, which is subject to lower tax rates, and the impacts from our international corporate restructuring, explained below, partially offset by the tax impact of certain stock-based compensation charges, and unrecognized tax benefits. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to our international corporate restructuring described below. 
    
  Our provision for income taxes was $39.2 million and $31.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing effective tax rates of 21.6% and 24.8%, respectively. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due to certain foreign earnings, most significantly in Costa Rica and the Netherlands, which is subject to lower tax rates, and the impacts from our international corporate restructuring, explained below, partially offset by the tax impact of certain stock-based compensation charges, and unrecognized tax benefits. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to our international corporate restructuring described below. 
    
  We exercise significant judgment in regards to estimates of future market growth, forecasted earnings and projected taxable income in determining the provision for income taxes, and for purposes of assessing our ability to utilize any future benefit from deferred tax assets. 
    
  Our total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, was $43.9 million and $39.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, all of which would impact our effective tax rate if recognized. Our total interest and penalties accrued as of September 30, 2016 was $1.7 million. We have elected to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income taxes. We do not expect any significant changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefit within the next twelve months.   
    
  We file U.S. federal, U.S. state, and non-U.S. income tax returns. Our major tax jurisdictions are U.S. federal and the State of California. For U.S. federal and state tax returns, we are no longer subject to tax examinations for years before 2000. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to examination by foreign tax authorities for years before 2007. Our subsidiary in Israel is under audit by the local tax authorities for calendar years 2006 through 2013. The audit by the California Franchise Tax Board for fiscal years 2011, 2012 and 2013 was concluded without material adjustment during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  On July 1, 2016, we implemented a new international corporate structure.  This changes the structure of our international procurement and sales operations, as well as realigns the ownership and use of intellectual property among our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We continue to anticipate that an increasing percentage of our consolidated pre-tax income will be derived from, and reinvested in our foreign operations.  We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. federal statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over time. Although the license of intellectual property rights between consolidated entities did not result in any gain in the consolidated financial statements, the Company generated taxable gains in certain jurisdictions resulting in a tax expense in the quarter of $26.6 million.  Additionally, as a result of the restructuring, we reassessed the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets considering all available evidence. Given the current earnings and anticipated future earnings of our subsidiary in Israel, we concluded that we have sufficient positive evidence to release the valuation allowance against our Israel operating loss carryforwards of $31.4 million, which resulted in an income tax benefit in this period of the same amount.  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we maintained a valuation allowance of $0.3 million against Australia capital loss carryforwards. These net capital loss carryforwards would result in the recording of an income tax benefit if we were to conclude it is more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will be realized. 
    
  In June 2009, the Costa Rica Ministry of Foreign Trade, an agency of the Government of Costa Rica, granted a twelve year extension of certain income tax incentives, which were previously granted in 2002. The incentive tax rates will expire in various years beginning in 2017. We intend to seek a renewal of these income tax incentives before they expire. Under these incentives, all of the income in Costa Rica during these twelve year incentive periods is subject to a reduced tax rate. In order to receive the benefit of these incentives, we must hire specified numbers of employees and maintain certain minimum levels of fixed asset investment in Costa Rica. If we do not fulfill these conditions for any reason, our incentive could lapse, and our income in Costa Rica would be subject to taxation at higher rates, which could have a negative impact on our operating results. The Costa Rica corporate income tax rate that would apply, absent the incentives, is 30% for 2016 and 2015. Income taxes were reduced by $0.3 million and $8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a minimal impact to diluted net income per share to the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.10 in 2015. As a result of these incentives, our income taxes were reduced by $17.5 million and $24.6 million for the nine  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.21 and $0.30 in 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
    
  We maintain sufficient cash reserves in the U.S. and do not intend to repatriate our foreign earnings. As a result, income taxes have not been provided on these foreign earnings.  If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits and foreign withholding taxes. We intend to use the undistributed earnings for local operating expansions and to meet local operating working capital needs. In addition, a significant amount of the cash earned by foreign subsidiaries is deployed to effect this international restructure. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We fund our operations primarily from product sales and available cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had the following cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term marketable securities (in thousands):   

Cash flows   (in thousands):  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $675.8 million   of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised  primarily of money market funds and debt instruments which include corporate bonds, U.S. dollar denominated foreign corporate bonds, commercial paper, municipal securities, U.S. government agency bonds, U.S. government treasury bonds and asset-backed securities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately $387.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to the U.S. The costs to repatriate our foreign earnings to the U.S. would likely be material; however, our intent is to permanently reinvest our earnings from foreign operations, and our current plans do not require us to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations as we generate sufficient domestic operating cash flow and have access to external funding under our current revolving line of credit. Additionally, we implemented a new international corporate structure on July 1, 2016. This corporate structure may reduce our overall effective tax rate over time through changes in the structure of our international procurement and sales operations, as well as realignment of the ownership and use of intellectual property among our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
    
  The structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. federal statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

April 2014 Repurchase Program 
    
  In April 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program ("April 2014 Repurchase Program") pursuant to which we may purchase up to   $300.0 million   of our common stock over the next   three   years.  
    
  On May 3, 2016, as part of our   $300.0 million   April 2014 Repurchase Program, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR") to repurchase   $50.0 million   of our common stock (the "2016 ASR"). Under the terms of the 2016 ASR, we paid   $50.0 million   and received an initial delivery of approximately   0.5 million   shares. The 2016 ASR was completed on September 6, 2016 with a final delivery of approximately   0.1 million   shares. We received a total of approximately   0.6 million   shares under the 2016 ASR at a weighted average share price of    $81.89  . The final number of shares repurchased was based on our volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the transaction, less an agreed upon discount. 
    
  During 2016, we have repurchased on the open market   88,000   shares of our common stock at a weighted average of   $93.21   per share, including commissions, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $8.2 million  . All repurchased shares were retired. As of September 30, 2016, we have   $41.8 million   remaining under the April 2014 Repurchase Program.  
    
  April 2016 Repurchase Program 
    
  On April 28, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized an additional plan to repurchase up to $300.0 million of the Company's stock ("the April 2016 Repurchase Plan"). Any purchases under this stock repurchase program may be made, from time-to-time, pursuant to open market purchases (including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans), privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchases, block trades or derivative contracts or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of September 30, 2016, there have not been any repurchases under this plan. (  Refer to Note 10 "Common Stock Repurchase", of the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   for details of common stock repurchase). 
    
  We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities combined with our positive cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations and stock repurchases for at least the next 12 months. If we are unable to generate adequate operating cash flows, we may need to suspend our stock repurchase program or seek additional sources of capital through equity or debt financing, collaborative or other arrangements with other companies, bank financing and other sources in order to realize our objectives and to continue our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policy, business structure or operations.  Accordingly, the failure to obtain sufficient funds on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , cash flows from operations of   $166.7 million   resulted primarily from our net income of approximately   $142.1 million   as well as the following: 
    
  Significant non-cash activities: 

a net change in deferred tax assets of $17.5 million, 
                
    depreciation and amortization of   $16.8 million   related to our fixed assets and acquired intangible assets, 
                
    stock-based compensation of   $39.9 million   related to equity incentive compensation awards granted to our employees, 
                
    net tax benefits from stock based compensation of $13.1 million and 
                
    excess tax benefits from our share-based payment arrangements of   $13.9 million  . 
       
  Significant changes in working capital: 

an increase of   $93.1 million   in accounts receivable which is a result of the increase in net revenues, 
                
    an increase of   $46.5 million   in deferred revenues corresponding to the increases in case shipments, and 
                
    an increase of   $39.0 million   in accrued and other long-term liabilities due to timing of payments and activities.  

32 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by investing activities was   $142.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily consisting of purchases of marketable securities of   $283.8 million  , and property, plant and equipment purchases of   $56.4 million   and $46.7 million related to our acquisition of 17% equity interest of SmileDirectClub, LLC ("SDC"). These outflows were partially offset by   $537.8 million   of maturities and sales of our marketable securities.  
    
  For the remainder of  2016, we expect to spend an additional $20 million to $25 million on capital expenditures for estimated total capital expenditures of $76 million to $81 million for 2016 primarily for additional manufacturing capacity, new facilities and a new enterprise resource planning system. Although we believe our current investment portfolio has little risk of impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no assurance that our investment portfolio will remain unimpaired. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in financing activities was   $57.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily resulting from a common stock repurchase of $58.2 million and payroll taxes paid for vesting of restricted stock units through share withholdings of   $26.3 million  . These outflows were offset in part by   $13.9 million   from excess tax benefits from our share-based compensation arrangements and   $12.9 million   in proceeds from issuance of common stock.  
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  Our contractual obligations have not significantly changed since December 31, 2015 as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities combined with our existing borrowing capacity will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. If we are unable to generate adequate operating cash flows and need more funds beyond our available liquid investments and those available under our credit facility, we may need to suspend our stock repurchase program or seek additional sources of capital through equity or debt financing, collaborative or other arrangements with other companies, bank financing and other sources in order to realize our objectives and to continue our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policy, business structure or operations. Accordingly, the failure to obtain sufficient funds on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. (  Refer to Note 8 "Commitments and Contingencies", of the Notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements   for details on our commitments and contingencies). 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
    
  Indemnification Provisions 
  In the normal course of business to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain parties: customers, vendors, lessors and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, services to be provided by us and intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim.  
  It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims and the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. As of    September 30, 2016  , we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

33 

     Table of Contents  

Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, net revenues and expenses and disclosures at the date of the financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable, intangible assets, legal contingencies, impairment of goodwill and income taxes. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience and other assumptions as the basis for making estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our most significant estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These critical accounting policies and related disclosures appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

Revenue recognition; 
                
    Stock-based compensation expense; 
                
    Goodwill and finite-lived acquired intangible assets, 
                
    Impairment of goodwill, finite-lived acquired intangible assets and long-lived assets, and 
                
    Accounting for income taxes. 
       
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 1  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Changes in interest rates could impact our anticipated interest income on our cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities. Our cash equivalents and investments are fixed-rate short-term and long-term securities. Fixed-rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, and, as a result, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately $255.8 million invested in available-for-sale marketable securities. An immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and cash flows. 
    
  We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. We do not have interest bearing liabilities outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , and, therefore, we were not subject to risks from immediate interest rate increases. 
    
  Currency Rate Risk 
    
  We operate in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Costa Rica, and Israel. As a result of our international business activities, our financial results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or economic conditions in foreign markets, and there is no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not harm our business in the future. We generally sell our products in the local currency of the respective countries. This provides some natural hedging because most of the subsidiaries  operating expenses are generally denominated in their local currencies as discussed further below. Regardless of this natural hedging, our results of operations may be adversely impacted by exchange rate fluctuations.   
    
  We have in the past and may in the future enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on cash and certain trade and intercompany receivables and payables. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and do not subject us to material balance sheet risk due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The gains and losses on these forward contracts are intended to offset the gains and losses in the underlying foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities being economically hedged. These instruments are marked to market through earnings every period and generally are one month in original maturity. We do not enter into foreign currency forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

approach to managing the risks relating to fluctuations in currency rates. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities could have on our results of operations. As of September 30, 2016 we had no foreign currency forward contracts outstanding. 
    
  Although we will continue to monitor our exposure to currency fluctuations, and, where appropriate, may use financial hedging techniques in the future to minimize the effect of these fluctuations, the impact of an aggregate change of 10% in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar on our results of operations and financial position could be material. 

ITEM  4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of   September 30, 2016  , to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we implemented the first phase of a multi- year, company-wide program to transform certain business processes or extend established processes including the transition to a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") software system to perform various functions. The first phase included our North America and EMEA operations. In connection with this implementation, we have updated our internal controls over financial reporting, as necessary, to accommodate modifications to our business processes and accounting procedures. We do not believe that the ERP implementation will have an adverse effect on our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  Securities Class Action Lawsuit 
       
  On November 28, 2012, plaintiff City of Dearborn Heights Act 345 Police   Fire Retirement System filed a lawsuit against Align, Thomas M. Prescott ( Mr. Prescott ), Align s former President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kenneth B. Arola ( Mr. Arola ), Align s former Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common stock (the  Securities Action ). On July 11, 2013, an amended complaint was filed, which named the same defendants, on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common stock between January 31, 2012 and October 17, 2012. The amended complaint alleged that Align, Mr. Prescott and Mr. Arola violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and that Mr. Prescott and Mr. Arola violated Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the amended complaint alleged that during the purported class period defendants failed to take an appropriate goodwill impairment charge related to the April 29, 2011 acquisition of Cadent Holdings, Inc. in the fourth quarter of 2011, the first quarter of 2012 or the second quarter of 2012, which rendered our financial statements and projections of future earnings materially false and misleading and in violation of U.S. GAAP. The amended complaint sought monetary damages in an unspecified amount, costs and attorneys  fees. On December 9, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to dismiss with leave for plaintiff to file a second amended complaint. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on January 8, 2014 on behalf of the same purported class. The second amended complaint states the same claims as the amended complaint. On August 22, 2014, the court granted our motion to dismiss without leave to amend. On September 22, 2014, Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Briefing for the appeals was completed in May 2015 and the Ninth Circuit held oral arguments in October 2016  .   Align intends to vigorously defend itself against these allegations. Align is currently unable to predict the outcome of this amended complaint and therefore cannot determine the likelihood of loss nor estimate a range of possible loss, if any.  
       
  Shareholder Derivative Lawsuit 
       
  On February 1, 2013, plaintiff Gary Udis filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit against several of Align s current and former officers and directors in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara. The complaint alleges that our reported income and earnings were materially overstated because of a failure to timely write down goodwill related to the April 29, 2011 acquisition of Cadent Holdings, Inc., and that defendants made allegedly false statements concerning our forecasts. The complaint asserts various state law causes of action, including claims of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and insider trading, among others. The complaint seeks unspecified damages on behalf of Align, which is named solely as nominal defendant against whom no recovery is sought. The complaint also seeks an order directing Align to reform and improve its corporate governance and internal procedures, and seeks restitution in an unspecified amount, costs, and attorneys  fees. On July 8, 2013, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until an initial ruling on our first motion to dismiss the Securities Action. On January 15, 2014, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until an initial ruling on our second motion to dismiss the Securities Action. On October 14, 2014, an Order was entered staying this derivative lawsuit until a ruling by the Ninth Circuit in the Securities Action discussed above. Align is currently unable to predict the outcome of this complaint and therefore cannot determine the likelihood of loss nor estimate a range of possible losses, if any. 
    
  In addition, in the course of Align's operations, Align is involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations, and proceedings, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, patent infringement claims, government investigations, labor and employment claims, breach of contract claims, tax, and other matters. Regardless of the outcome, these proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Although the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and Align's view of these matters may change in the future as litigation and events related thereto unfold; Align currently does not believe that these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will materially affect Align's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  We depend on the sale of the Invisalign system for the vast majority of our net revenues, and any decline in sales of Invisalign treatment for any reason, or a decline in average selling prices would adversely affect net revenues, gross margin and net income. 
    
  We expect that net revenues from the sale of the Invisalign System, primarily Invisalign Full and Invisalign Teen, will continue to account for the vast majority of our total net revenues for the foreseeable future. Continued and widespread market acceptance of Invisalign by orthodontists, GPs and consumers is critical to our future success. If orthodontists and GPs experience a reduction in consumer demand for orthodontic services, if consumers prove unwilling to adopt Invisalign as rapidly as we anticipate or in the volume that we anticipate, if orthodontists or GPs choose to use a competitive product rather than Invisalign or if the average selling price of our product declines, our operating results would be harmed. 
    
  Demand for our products may not increase as rapidly as we anticipate due to a variety of factors including a weakness in general economic conditions. 
    
  Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, gas prices, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. A general slowdown in the U.S. economy and certain international economies or an uncertain economic outlook would adversely affect consumer spending habits which may, among other things, result in a decrease in the number of overall orthodontic case starts, reduced patient traffic in dentists  offices, reduction in consumer spending on higher value procedures or a reduction in the demand for dental services generally, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Weakness in the global economy results in a challenging environment for selling dental technologies and dentists may postpone investments in capital equipment, such as intra-oral scanners. In addition, Invisalign treatment, which currently accounts for the vast majority of our net revenues, represents a significant change from traditional orthodontic treatment, and customers and consumers may be reluctant to accept it or may not find it preferable to traditional treatment. We have generally received positive feedback from orthodontists, GPs and consumers regarding Invisalign treatment as both an alternative to braces and as a clinical method for the treatment of malocclusion, but a number of dental professionals believe that the Invisalign treatment is appropriate for only a limited percentage of their patients. Increased market acceptance of all of our products will depend in part upon the recommendations of dental professionals, as well as other factors including effectiveness, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics, and price compared to competing products. 
    
  The frequency of use of the Invisalign system by orthodontists or GPs may not increase at the rate that we anticipate or at all. 
    
  One of our key objectives is to continue to increase utilization, or the adoption and frequency of use, of the Invisalign System by new and existing customers. If utilization of the Invisalign System by our existing and newly trained orthodontists or GPs does not occur or does not occur as quickly as we anticipate, our operating results could be harmed. 
    
  We may experience declines in average selling prices of our products which may decrease our net revenues. 
    
  We provide volume based discount programs to our doctors. In addition, we sell a number of products at different list prices. If we introduce any price reductions or consumer rebate programs; if we expand our discount programs in the future or participation in these programs increases; if our product mix shifts to lower priced products or products that have a higher percentage of deferred revenue, our average selling prices would be adversely affected and our net revenues, gross profit, gross margin and net income may be reduced. In July 2015, we launched a new product policy called "Additional Aligners at No Charge" that addresses one of our customer's top complaints. With this product policy change, we no longer distinguish between mid-course correction and case refinements and allow doctors to order additional aligners to address either treatment need at no charge, subject to certain requirements. Based on this new product policy, beginning in the third quarter of 2015, we deferred more revenue as a result of providing free additional aligners for eligible treatments. Additionally, as we grandfathered over 1 million open cases, we will recognize lower revenues as additional aligners are shipped for at least the next two years until these cases complete.  
    
  We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
    
  Although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a portion of our net revenues and net income are generated in foreign currencies. Net revenues and net income generated by subsidiaries operating outside of the U.S. are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period and are affected by changes in exchange rates. As a result, negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will adversely affect our net revenues and net income in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies has fluctuated substantially  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. We have in the past and may in the future enter into currency hedging transactions in an effort to cover some of our exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations. These transactions may not operate to fully or effectively hedge our exposure to currency fluctuations, and, under certain circumstances, these transactions could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
    
  As we continue to grow, we are subject to growth related risks, including risks related to excess or constrained capacity at our existing facilities. 
    
  We are subject to growth related risks, including excess or constrained capacity and pressure on our internal systems and personnel. In order to manage current operations and future growth effectively, we will need to continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management information systems and to hire, train, motivate, manage and retain employees. We may be unable to manage such growth effectively. Any such failure could have a material adverse impact on our business, operations and prospects. We intend to establish additional Order Acquisition and Treatment Planning facilities closer to our International customers in order to improve our operational efficiency and provide doctors with a great experience to further improve their confidence in using Invisalign to treat more patients, more often. Our ability to plan, construct and equip additional manufacturing facilities is subject to significant risk and uncertainty, including risks inherent in the establishment of a new manufacturing facility, such as hiring and retaining employees and delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, any of which may be out of our control. If the transition into this additional facility is significantly delayed or demand for our product exceeds our current expectations, we may not be able to fulfill orders timely, which may negatively impact our financial results and overall business. In addition, because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. In addition, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. Production of our intra oral scanners may also be limited  by capacity constraints due to a variety of factors, including our dependency on third party vendors for key components in addition to limited production yields.      Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise harm our business and financial results. 
    
  If we fail to sustain or increase profitability or revenue growth in future periods, the market price for our common stock may decline. 
    
  If we are to sustain or increase profitability in future periods, we will need to continue to increase our net revenues, while controlling our expenses. Because our business is evolving, it is difficult to predict our future operating results or levels of growth, and we have in the past not been and may in the future not be able to sustain our historical growth rates. If we do not increase profitability or revenue growth or otherwise meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. 
    
  Our financial results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future which may cause volatility in our stock price. 
    
  Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and we expect our future quarterly and annual operating results to fluctuate as we focus on increasing doctor and consumer demand for our products. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline or significantly fluctuate. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include: 

limited visibility into and difficulty predicting the level of activity in our customers  practices from quarter to quarter; 
                
    weakness in consumer spending as a result of the slowdown in the U.S. economy and global economies; 
                
    changes in relationships with our distributors; 
                
    changes in the timing of receipt of Invisalign case product orders during a given quarter which, given our cycle time and the delay between case receipts and case shipments, could have an impact on which quarter revenue can be recognized; 
                
    fluctuations in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar; 
                
    changes in product mix; 
                
    our inability to scale production of our iTero Element scanner to meet customer demand;  
                
    if participation in our customer rebate or discount programs increases our average selling price will be adversely affected; 
                
    seasonal fluctuations in the number of doctors in their offices and their availability to take appointments; 
     
   38 

     Table of Contents  

success of or changes to our marketing programs from quarter to quarter; 
                
    our reliance on our contract manufacturers for the production of sub-assemblies for our intra-oral scanners; 
                
    timing of industry tradeshows; 
                
    changes in the timing of when revenue is recognized, including as a result of the introduction of new products or promotions, modifications to our terms and conditions or as a result of changes to critical accounting estimates or new accounting pronouncements; 
                
    changes to our effective tax rate; 
                
    unanticipated delays in production caused by insufficient capacity or availability of raw materials; 
                
    any disruptions in the manufacturing process, including unexpected turnover in the labor force or the introduction of new production processes, power outages or natural or other disasters beyond our control; 
                
    the development and marketing of directly competitive products by existing and new competitors; 
                
    disruptions to our business as a result our agreement to manufacture clear aligners for SmileDirectClub, including, market acceptance of the SmileDirectClub business model and product, possible adverse customer reaction, and negative publicity about us and our products,  
                
    major changes in available technology or the preferences of customers may cause our current product offerings to become less competitive or obsolete; 
                
    aggressive price competition from competitors; 
                
    costs and expenditures in connection with litigation; 
                
    the timing of new product introductions by us and our competitors, as well as customer order deferrals in anticipation of enhancements or new products; 
                
    unanticipated delays in our receipt of patient records made through an intraoral scanner for any reason; 
                
    disruptions to our business due to political, economic or other social instability, including the impact of an epidemic any of which results in changes in consumer spending habits, consumers unable or unwilling to visit the orthodontist or general practitioners office, as well as any impact on workforce absenteeism; 
                
    inaccurate forecasting of net revenues, production and other operating costs, 
                
    investments in research and development to develop new products and enhancements; and  

our ability to successfully hedge against a portion of our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. 
       
  To respond to these and other factors, we may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policy, business structure or operations. Most of our expenses, such as employee compensation and lease payment obligations, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future revenue levels. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period fall below our expectations, whether caused by changes in consumer spending, consumer preferences, weakness in the U.S. or global economies, changes in customer behavior related to advertising and prescribing our product, or other factors, we may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any shortfall in net revenues. Due to these and other factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our results for any one quarter as an indication of our future performance. 
    
  Our future success may depend on our ability to develop, successfully introduce and achieve market acceptance of new products. 
    
  Our future success may depend on our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and obtain regulatory approval or clearance of new products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop, sell and achieve market acceptance of these and other new products and applications and enhanced versions of our existing product or software. The extent of, and rate at which, market acceptance and penetration are achieved by future products is a function of many variables, which include, among other things, our ability to: 
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; 
                
    include functionality and features that address customer requirements; 
                
    ensure compatibility of our computer operating systems and hardware configurations with those of our customers; 
                
    allocate our research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects; 
                
    anticipate and respond to our competitors  development of new products and technological innovations; 
                
    differentiate our offerings from our competitors  offerings; 
                
    innovate and develop new technologies and applications; 
                
    the availability of third-party reimbursement of procedures using our products; 
                
    obtain adequate intellectual property rights; and 
                
    encourage customers to adopt new technologies. 
       
  If we fail to accurately predict customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new products and produce enhancements, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer.  In addition, even if our new products are successfully introduced, it is unlikely that they will rapidly gain market share and acceptance primarily due to the relatively long period of time it takes to successfully treat a patient with Invisalign. Since it takes approximately 12 to 24 months to treat a patient, our customers may be unwilling to rapidly adopt our new products until they successfully complete at least one case or until more historical clinical results are available. 
    
  Our ability to market and sell new products may also be subject to government regulation, including approval or clearance by the FDA, and foreign government agencies. Any failure in our ability to successfully develop and introduce or achieve market acceptance of our new products or enhanced versions of existing products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our net revenues to decline. 
    
  A disruption in the operations of our primary freight carrier or higher shipping costs could cause a decline in our net revenues or a reduction in our earnings. 
    
  We are dependent on commercial freight carriers, primarily UPS, to deliver our products to our customers. If the operations of these carriers are disrupted for any reason, we may be unable to deliver our products to our customers on a timely basis. If we cannot deliver our products in an efficient and timely manner, our customers may reduce their orders from us and our net revenues and operating profits could materially decline. In a rising fuel cost environment, our freight costs will increase. If freight costs materially increase and we are unable to pass that increase along to our customers for any reason or otherwise offset such increases in our cost of net revenues, our gross margin and financial results could be adversely affected. 
    
  We are dependent on our international operations, which exposes us to foreign operational, political and other risks that may harm our business. 
    
  Our key production steps are performed in operations located outside of the U.S. At our facility in San Jose, Costa Rica, technicians use a sophisticated, internally developed computer-modeling program to prepare digital treatment plans, which are then transmitted electronically to Juarez, Mexico. These digital files form the basis of the ClinCheck treatment plan and are used to manufacture aligner molds. Our order acquisition, aligner fabrication and shipping operations are conducted in Juarez, Mexico. In addition to the research and development efforts conducted in our North America facilities, we also carry out research and development at locations in Moscow, Russia. In addition, our customer-care, accounts receivable, credit and collections and customer event registration organizations are located at our facility in San Jose, Costa Rica. We also have operations in Israel where the design and wand assembly and our intra-oral scanner are manufactured. Our reliance on international operations exposes us to risks and uncertainties that may affect our business or results of operation, including: 

difficulties in hiring and retaining employees generally, as well as difficulties in hiring and retaining employees with the necessary skills to perform the more technical aspects of our operations; 
                
    difficulties in managing international operations, including any travel restrictions to or from our facilities located in Russia and Israel; 
     
   40 

     Table of Contents  

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
                
    increased income taxes, and other restrictions and limitations, if we were to decide to repatriate any of our foreign cash balances back to the U.S.; 
                
    import and export license requirements and restrictions; 
                
    controlling production volume and quality of the manufacturing process; 
                
    political, social and economic instability, including as a result of increased levels of violence in Juarez, Mexico or the Middle East. We cannot predict the effect on us of any future armed conflict, political instability or violence in these regions. In addition, some of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israeli military and are subject to being called for additional active duty under emergency circumstances. We cannot predict the full impact of these conditions on us in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances or an escalation in the political situation occurs. If many of our employees are called for active duty, our operations in Israel and our business may not be able to function at full capacity; 
                
    acts of terrorism and acts of war; 
                
    general geopolitical instability and the responses to it, such as the possibility of additional sanctions against Russia which continue to bring uncertainty to this region;  
                
    interruptions and limitations in telecommunication services; 
                
    product or material transportation delays or disruption, including as a result of increased levels of violence, acts of terrorism, acts of war or health epidemics restricting travel to and from our international locations or as a result of natural disasters, such as earthquakes or volcanic eruptions; 
                
    burdens of complying with a wide variety of local country and regional laws, including the risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery compliance; 
                
    trade restrictions and changes in tariffs; and 
                
    potential adverse tax consequences. 
       
  If any of these risks materialize in the future, we could experience production delays and lost or delayed revenue. 
    
  We earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales and face risks attendant to those operations. 
    
  We earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales generated through our foreign direct and indirect operations.  Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, we expect to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in the high-growth markets. Our international operations are subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including: 

local political and economic instability; 

the engagement of activities by our employees, contractors, partners and agents, especially in countries with developing economies, that are prohibited by international and local trade and labor laws and other laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and export control laws, in spite of our policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws; 

although it is our intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings outside the U.S., restrictions on the transfer of funds held by our foreign subsidiaries, including with respect to restrictions on our ability to repatriate foreign cash to the U.S at favorable tax rates; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and 

increased expense of developing, testing and making localized versions of our products. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Any of these factors, either individually or in combination, could materially impact our international operations and adversely affect our business as a whole. 
    
   If we are unable to accurately predict our volume growth, and fail to hire a sufficient number of technicians in advance of such demand, the delivery time of our products could be delayed which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
    
  Treatment planning is a key step leading to our manufacturing process which relies on sophisticated computer technology requiring new technicians to undergo a relatively long training process. Training production technicians takes approximately 90 to 120 days. As a result, if we are unable to accurately predict our volume growth, we may not have a sufficient number of trained technicians to deliver our products within the timeframe our customers expect. Such a delay could cause us to lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers. This could cause a decline in our net revenues and net income and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
    
  Our headquarters, digital dental modeling processes, and other manufacturing processes are principally located in regions that are subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters. 
    
  Our digital dental modeling is processed in our facility located in San Jose, Costa Rica. The operations team in Costa Rica creates ClinCheck treatment plans using sophisticated computer software. In addition, our customer facing operations are located in Costa Rica. Our aligner molds and finished aligners are fabricated in Juarez, Mexico. Both locations in Costa Rica and Mexico are in earthquake zones and may be subject to other natural disasters. If there is a major earthquake or any other natural disaster in a region where one of these facilities is located, our ability to create ClinCheck treatment plans, respond to customer inquiries or manufacture and ship our aligners could be compromised which could result in our customers experiencing a significant delay in receiving their completed aligners and a decrease in service levels for a period of time. In addition, our headquarters facility in California is located in the San Francisco Bay Area. An earthquake or other natural disaster in this region could result in a disruption in our operations. Any such business interruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our information technology systems are critical to our business. System integration and implementation issues and system security risks could disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. 
    
  We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems. All information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources. As our business has grown in size and complexity, the growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our information technology systems. To effectively manage this growth, our information systems and applications require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. We are in the process of implementing a multi-year, company-wide program to transform certain business processes or extend established processes, including the transition to a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") software system to perform various functions. We implemented the first phase of our ERP on July 1, 2016, and while we believe we are past any potential significant business disruption, we are still monitoring and troubleshooting potential issues. The implementation of additional functionality in the ERP system entails certain risks, including difficulties with changes in business processes that could disrupt our operations, such as our ability to track orders and timely ship products, manage our supply chain and aggregate financial and operational data. Additionally, this implementation may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may divert management's attention from other operational activities, negatively affect employee morale, or have other unintended consequences. Additionally, if we are not able to accurately forecast expenses and capitalized costs related to the project, this may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.   
    
   If the information we rely upon to run our businesses were to be found to be inaccurate or unreliable, if we fail to properly maintain our information systems and data integrity, or if we fail to develop new capabilities to meet our business needs in a timely manner, we could have operational disruptions, have customer disputes, lose our ability to produce timely and accurate reports, have regulatory or other legal problems, have increases in operating and administrative expenses, lose existing customers, have difficulty in attracting new customers or in implementing our growth strategies, or suffer other adverse consequences. In addition, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Furthermore, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we either internally develop or procure from third parties which we depend upon may contain defects in design and manufacture, including  bugs  and other problems that can unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs to eliminate or alleviate security problems, viruses and bugs could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions that may have a material adverse impact on our operations, net revenues and operating results. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

System upgrades and enhancements require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable employee resources. Delays in integration or disruptions to our business from implementation of these new or upgraded systems could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. 
    
  Additionally, we continuously upgrade our customer facing software applications, specifically the ClinCheck and MyAligntech software. Software applications frequently contain errors or defects, especially when they are first introduced or when new versions are released. The discovery of a defect or error or the incompatibility with the computer operating system and hardware configurations of customers in a new upgraded version or the failure of our primary information systems may result in the following consequences, among others: loss of revenue or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation or increased service costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
    
  Furthermore, our business requires the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Because of the confidential health information we store and transmit, security breaches could expose us to a risk of regulatory action, litigation, possible liability and loss. Our security measures may be inadequate to prevent security breaches, and our business operations and profitability would be adversely affected by, among other things, loss of customers and potential criminal and civil sanctions if they are not prevented. 
    
  There can be no assurance that our process of improving existing systems, developing new systems to support our expanding operations, integrating new systems, protecting confidential patient information, and improving service levels will not be delayed or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems and data may result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Competition in the markets for our products is intense and we expect aggressive competition from existing competitors and other companies that may introduce new technologies in the future. 
    
  Currently, our products compete directly against products manufactured and distributed by various companies, both within and outside the U.S. Many of these manufacturers, including Danaher Corporation, 3M, and Dentsply Sirona Inc., have substantially greater financial resources and manufacturing and marketing experience than we do and may, in the future, attempt to develop an orthodontic system similar to ours or combine technologies that make our product economically unattractive. The expiration of certain key patents commencing in 2017 owned by us may result in additional competition. Existing competitors may begin offering products more similar to ours.  We may face more intense competition if new entrants to the clear aligner market are significantly larger than we are with greater resources and the ability to leverage their existing channels in the dental market to compete directly with us.  In addition, corresponding foreign patents will start to expire in 2018, which may lead to increased competition in some of the markets outside the U.S. Large consumer product companies may also enter the orthodontic supply market. Furthermore, we may face competition in the future from new companies that may introduce new technologies. We may be unable to compete with these competitors and one or more of these competitors may render our technology obsolete or economically unattractive.  If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products or respond effectively to any products developed by new or existing competitors, our business could be harmed. Increased competition has resulted in the past and may in the future result in volume discounting and price reductions, reduced gross margins, reduced profitability and loss of market share, and reduce dental professionals  efforts and commitment to expand their use of our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our net revenues, volume growth, net income and stock price. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  If the security of our customer and patient information is compromised, patient care could suffer, and we could be liable for related damages, and our reputation could be impaired. 
    
  We retain confidential customer and patient information in our processing centers. Therefore, it is critical that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and that our facilities and infrastructure are perceived by the marketplace and our customers to be secure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. If we fail to meet our clients  expectations regarding the security of healthcare information, we could be liable for damages and our reputation could be impaired. In addition, patient care could suffer, and we could be liable if our systems fail to deliver correct information in a timely manner. Our insurance may not protect us from this risk. 

43 

     Table of Contents  

Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position may be harmed. Litigating claims of this type is costly and could distract our management and cause a decline in our results of operations and stock price. 
    
  Our success will depend in part on our ability to maintain existing intellectual property and to obtain and maintain further intellectual property protection for our products, both in the U.S. and in other countries. Our inability to do so could harm our competitive position. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had issued 417 U.S. patents, 331 foreign issued patents, and 374 pending global patent applications. 
    
  We intend to rely on our portfolio of issued and pending patent applications in the U.S. and in other countries to protect a large part of our intellectual property and our competitive position; however, our currently pending or future patent filings may not result in the issuance of patents. Additionally, any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, circumvented, or may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar in design to our products. In addition, any protection afforded by foreign patents may be more limited than that provided under U.S. patents and intellectual property laws. We also rely on protection of our copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and proprietary information. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and our collaborative partners upon commencement of a relationship with us; however, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection against the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or other confidential information, and adequate remedies may not exist if unauthorized use or disclosure were to occur. Our inability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through patents, copyrights or trade secrets would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and future growth prospects. In particular, a failure to protect our proprietary rights might allow competitors to copy our technology, which could adversely affect our pricing and market share. In addition, in an effort to protect our intellectual property we have in the past been and may in the future be involved in litigation. The potential effects on our business operations resulting from litigation that we may participate in the future, whether or not ultimately determined in our favor or settled by us, are costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from normal business operations. 
    
  Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or, in cases where injunctive relief is sought, an injunction prohibiting us from selling our products. Any of these results from our litigation could adversely affect our results of operations and stock price. 
    
  While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis and any future adverse results from such assessment could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
    
  Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, we are required to furnish in our Form 10-K a report by our management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report includes, among other things, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. While we believe our internal control over financial reporting is currently effective, the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject to the risk that our controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, and, as a result, the degree of compliance of our internal control over financial reporting with the existing policies or procedures may become ineffective. Establishing, testing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting requires significant resources and time commitments on the part of our management and our finance staff, may require additional staffing and infrastructure investments, and would increase our costs of doing business. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period (or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or conclude that our internal controls are ineffective), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
  If we lose our key personnel or are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may be unable to pursue business opportunities or develop our products. 
    
  We are highly dependent on the key employees in our clinical engineering, technology development, sales, training and marketing personnel and management teams. The loss of the services provided by those individuals may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our product development and other business objectives and could harm our business. Our future success will also depend on our ability to identify, recruit, train and retain additional qualified personnel, including orthodontists. Few orthodontists are accustomed to working in a manufacturing environment since they are generally trained to work in private practices, universities and other research institutions. Thus, we may be unable to attract and retain personnel with the advanced  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

qualifications necessary for the further development of our business. Furthermore, we may not be successful in retaining our key personnel or their services. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be materially harmed.  In addition, David L. White, our CFO announced his retirement effective November 10, 2016. While we also announced the appointment of John F. Morici as CFO effective that same date and we expect to engage in an orderly transition, our ability to execute our business strategy and retain key personnel may be adversely affected by the uncertainty associated with this transaction. 
       
     If we infringe the patents or proprietary rights of other parties or are subject to a patent infringement claim, our ability to grow our business may be severely limited. 
    
  Extensive litigation over patents and other intellectual property rights is common in the medical device industry. We have been sued for infringement of third party s patents in the past and we may be the subject of patent or other litigation in the future. From time to time, we have received and may in the future receive letters from third parties drawing our attention to their patent rights. While we do not believe that we infringe upon any valid and enforceable rights that have been brought to our attention, there may be other more pertinent rights of which we are presently unaware. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, interference proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings could result in substantial expense to us and significant diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination of any litigation or interference proceeding to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liabilities. An adverse determination of this nature could also put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly or require us to seek licenses from third parties. Licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, in which event, our business would be materially adversely affected. 
    
  We maintain single supply relationships for certain of our key machines and materials technologies, and our business and operating results could be harmed if supply is restricted or ends or the price of raw materials used in our manufacturing process increases. 
    
  We are highly dependent on manufacturers of specialized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin and other advanced materials, as well as the optics, electronic and other mechanical components of our intra-oral scanners. We maintain single supply relationships for many of these machines and materials technologies. In particular, our CT scanning and stereolithography equipment used in our aligner manufacturing and many of the critical components for the optics of our scanners are provided by single suppliers. We are also committed to purchasing the vast majority of our resin and polymer, the primary raw materials used in our manufacturing process for clear aligners, from a single source. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply and could face production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. In addition, technology changes by our vendors could disrupt access to required manufacturing capacity or require expensive, time consuming development efforts to adapt and integrate new equipment or processes. Our growth may exceed the capacity of one or more of these manufacturers to produce the needed equipment and materials in sufficient quantities to support our growth. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for production of products, we sometimes enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer. In the event of technology changes, delivery delays, or shortages of or increases in price for these items, our business and growth prospects may be harmed. 
    
  We depend on a single contract manufacturer and supplier of parts used in our iTero scanner and any disruption in this relationship may cause us to fail to meet the demands of our customers and damage our customer relationships. 
    
  We rely on a third party manufacturer to supply key sub-assemblies for our  iTero Element scanner. As a result, if this third party manufacturer fails to deliver its components, if we lose its services or if we fail to negotiate acceptable terms, we may be unable to deliver our products in a timely manner and our business may be harmed. Any difficulties encountered by the third party manufacturer with respect to hiring personnel and maintaining acceptable manufacturing standards, controls, procedures and policies could disrupt our ability to deliver our products in a timely manner. Finding a substitute manufacturer may be expensive, time-consuming or impossible and could result in a significant interruption in the supply of our intra-oral scanning products. Any failure by our contract manufacturer that results in delays in our fulfillment of customer orders may cause us to lose revenues and suffer damage to our customer relationships.  
    
  We primarily rely on our direct sales force to sell our products, and any failure to maintain our direct sales force could harm our business. 
    
  Our ability to sell our products and generate revenues primarily depends upon our direct sales force within our North American and international markets. We do not have any long-term employment contracts with the members of our direct sales force. The loss of the services provided by these key personnel may harm our business. If we are unable to retain our direct sales force  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

personnel or replace them with individuals of equivalent technical expertise and qualifications, or if we are unable to successfully instill such technical expertise or if we fail to establish and maintain strong relationships with our customers within a relatively short period of time, our net revenues and our ability to maintain market share could be materially harmed. In addition, due to our large and fragmented customer base, we may not be able to provide all of our customers with product support immediately upon the launch of a new product. As a result, adoption of new products by our customers may be slower than anticipated and our ability to grow market share and increase our net revenues may be harmed. 
    
  If our distributor relationships are not successful, our ability to market and sell our products would be harmed and our financial performance will be adversely affected. 
    
  We depend on relationships with distributors for the marketing and sales of our products in various geographic regions, and we have a limited ability to influence their efforts. Relying on distributors for our sales and marketing could harm our business for various reasons, including: 

agreements with distributors may terminate prematurely due to disagreements or may result in litigation between the partners; 
                
    we may not be able to renew existing distributor agreements on acceptable terms; 
                
    our distributors may not devote sufficient resources to the sale of products; 
                
    our distributors may be unsuccessful in marketing our products; 
                
    our existing relationships with distributors may preclude us from entering into additional future arrangements with other distributors; and 
                
    we may not be able to negotiate future distributor agreements on acceptable terms. 
     Complying with regulations enforced by the FDA and other regulatory authorities is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties. 
    
  Our products are considered medical devices and are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and internationally. FDA regulations are wide ranging and govern, among other things: 

product design, development, manufacturing and testing; 
                
    product labeling; 
                
    product storage; 
                
    pre-market clearance or approval; 
                
    complaint handling and corrective actions; 
                
    advertising and promotion; and 
                
    product sales and distribution. 
     Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 
                
    repair, replacement, refunds, recall or seizure of our products; 
                
    operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 
                
    refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval of new products, new intended uses, or modifications to existing products; 
                
    withdrawing clearance or pre-market approvals that have already been granted; and 
                
    criminal prosecution. 
     
   46 

     Table of Contents  

If any of these events were to occur, they could harm our business. We must comply with facility registration and product listing requirements of the FDA and adhere to applicable Quality System regulations. The FDA enforces its Quality System regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. Our failure to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection or the failure to comply with applicable manufacturing regulations could result in enforcement action, and we may be required to find alternative manufacturers, which could be a long and costly process. Any FDA enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  Before we can sell a new medical device in the U.S., or market a new use of or claim for an existing product we must obtain FDA clearance or approval, unless an exemption applies. Obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals can be a lengthy and time-consuming process. Even though the devices we market have obtained the necessary clearances from the FDA, we may be unable to maintain such clearances in the future. Furthermore, we may be unable to obtain the necessary clearances for new devices that we intend to market in the future. Our inability to maintain or obtain regulatory clearances or approvals could materially harm our business. 
    
  In addition, as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC adopted disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to identify and discourage the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those minerals. Additional reporting obligations are being proposed by the European Union. The U.S. requirements and any additional requirements in Europe could affect the sourcing and availability of metals used in the manufacture of a limited number of parts (if any) contained in our products. For example, the implementation of these disclosure requirements may decrease the number of suppliers capable of supplying our needs for certain metals, thereby negatively affecting our ability to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our material sourcing is broad based and multi-tiered, and we may be unable to conclusively verify the origins for all metals used in our products. We may suffer financial and reputational harm if customers require, and we are unable to deliver, certification that our products are conflict free. Regardless, we will incur additional costs associated with compliance with these disclosure requirements, including time-consuming and costly efforts to determine the source of any conflict minerals used in our products. 
    
  If compliance with healthcare regulations becomes costly and difficult for our customers or for us, we may not be able to grow our business. 
    
  Participants in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive and frequently changing regulations under numerous laws administered by governmental entities at the federal, state and local levels, some of which are, and others of which may be, applicable to our business. In response to perceived increases in health care costs in recent years, Congress passed health care reform legislation that President Obama signed into law in March 2010. This legislation contains many provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund the coverage expansions. The most relevant of these provisions are those that impose fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers.  
    
  Furthermore, our healthcare provider customers are also subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that could affect the nature and scope of their relationships with us. The healthcare market itself is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences. Regulations implemented pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"), including regulations affecting the security and privacy of patient healthcare information held by healthcare providers and their business associates may require us to make significant and unplanned enhancements of software applications or services, result in delays or cancellations of orders, or result in the revocation of endorsement of our products and services by healthcare participants. The effect of HIPAA and newly enforced regulations on our business is difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will adequately address the business risks created by HIPAA and its implementation or that we will be able to take advantage of any resulting business opportunities. 
    
  Extensive and changing government regulation of the healthcare industry may be expensive to comply with and exposes us to the risk of substantial government penalties. 
    
  In addition to medical device laws and regulations, numerous state and federal healthcare-related laws regulate our business, covering areas such as: 

storage, transmission and disclosure of medical information and healthcare records; 
                
    prohibitions against the offer, payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services or goods or to induce the order, purchase or recommendation of our products; and 
                
    the marketing and advertising of our products. 
     
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Complying with these laws and regulations could be expensive and time-consuming, and could increase our operating costs or reduce or eliminate certain of our sales and marketing activities or our revenues. 
    
  We face risks related to our international sales, including the need to obtain necessary foreign regulatory clearance or approvals. 
    
  Outside of North America, we currently sell our products in Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and may expand into other countries from time to time. For sales of our products outside the U.S., we are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. The time required to obtain clearances or approvals required by other countries may be longer than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and requirements for such approvals may differ from FDA requirements. We may be unable to obtain regulatory approvals in one or more of the other countries in which we do business or in which we may do business in the future. We may also incur significant costs in attempting to obtain and maintain foreign regulatory approvals. If we experience delays in receipt of approvals to market our products outside of the U.S., or if we fail to receive these approvals, we may be unable to market our products or enhancements in international markets in a timely manner, if at all. 
    
  Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims, and we may incur substantial expenses if we are subject to product liability claims or litigation. 
    
  Medical devices involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity. We may be held liable if any product we develop or any product that uses or incorporates any of our technologies causes injury or is otherwise found unsuitable. Although we intend to continue to maintain product liability insurance, adequate insurance may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs. These costs would have the effect of increasing our expenses and diverting management s attention away from the operation of our business, and could harm our business. 
    
  Historically, the market price for our common stock has been volatile. 
    
  The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors include: 

quarterly variations in our results of operations and liquidity; 
                
    changes in recommendations by the investment community or in their estimates of our net revenues or operating results; 
                
    speculation in the press or investment community concerning our business and results of operations; 
                
    strategic actions by our competitors, such as product announcements or acquisitions; 
                
    announcements of technological innovations or new products by us, our customers or competitors; and 
                
    general economic market conditions. 
       
  In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology and medical device companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Historically, class action litigation is often brought against an issuing company following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. 
    
  Future sales of significant amounts of our common stock may depress our stock price. 
    
  A large percentage of our outstanding common stock is currently owned by a small number of significant stockholders.  These stockholders have sold in the past, and may sell in the future, large amounts of common stock over relatively short periods of time. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Such sales could create public perception of difficulties or problems with our business and may depress our stock price. 

48 

     Table of Contents  

If our goodwill or long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
    
  Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ), we review our goodwill and long-lived asset group for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Additionally, goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. The qualitative and quantitative analysis used to test goodwill are dependent upon various assumptions and reflect management s best estimates. Changes in certain assumptions including revenue growth rates, discount rates, earnings multiples and future cash flows may cause a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of goodwill or the asset group may be impaired. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the financial statements during the period in which any impairment of goodwill or asset group are determined.   
    
  Changes in, or interpretations of, accounting rules and regulations, could result in unfavorable accounting charges. 
    
  We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in these policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions.  Our accounting policies that recently have been, or may be affected by changes in the accounting rules relate to revenue recognition and leases. 
    
  If we fail to manage our exposure to global financial and securities market risk successfully, our operating results and financial statements could be materially impacted. 
    
  The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal. To achieve this objective, a majority of our marketable investments are investment grade, liquid, fixed-income securities and money market instruments denominated in U.S. dollars. If the carrying value of our investments exceeds the fair value, and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, we will be required to write down the value of our investments, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the performance of certain securities in our investment portfolio correlates with the credit condition of the U.S. financial sector. In a current unstable credit environment, we might incur significant realized, unrealized or impairment losses associated with these investments. 
    
  On July 1, 2016, we changed our corporate structure; however, if we are unable to maintain this structure or if it is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, we may be unable to realize tax savings which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
    
  We implemented a new international corporate structure on July 1, 2016. This corporate structure may reduce our overall effective tax rate over time through changes in the structure of our international procurement and sales operations, as well as realignment of the ownership and use of intellectual property among our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
    
  The structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. federal statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term. 
    
  If the structure is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business in a manner consistent with the structure and applicable regulatory provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  Our effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period. 
    
  Various internal and external factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our future effective tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws, regulations and/or rates, non-deductible goodwill impairments, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates, the future levels of tax benefits of stock option deductions relating to incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plans, settlement of income tax audits, and changes in overall levels of pretax earnings. For example, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-19  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which will, among other things, change how we account for our tax shortfalls or benefits from stock based awards, and this guidance may have a favorable or unfavorable effect on our future effective tax rate.  We are still evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

In June 2009, the Costa Rica Ministry of Foreign Trade, an agency of the Government of Costa Rica, granted a twelve year extension of certain income tax incentives, which were previously granted in 2002. The incentive tax rates will expire in various years beginning in 2017. We intend to seek a renewal of these income tax incentives before they expire. Under these incentives, all of the income in Costa Rica during these twelve year incentive periods is subject to a reduced tax rate. In order to receive the benefit of these incentives, we must hire specified numbers of employees and maintain certain minimum levels of fixed asset investment in Costa Rica. If we do not fulfill these conditions for any reason, our incentive could lapse, and our income in Costa Rica would be subject to taxation at higher rates, which could have a negative impact on our operating results. The Costa Rica corporate income tax rate that would apply, absent the incentives, is 30% for 2016 and 2015. Income taxes were reduced by $0.3 million and $8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a minimal impact to diluted net income per share to the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.10 in 2015. As a result of these incentives, our income taxes were reduced by $17.5 million and $24.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.21 and $0.30 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
  Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could negatively impact our income tax provision and net income. 
    
  As a U.S. multinational corporation, we are subject to changing tax laws both within and outside of the U.S.  Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing tax laws, could affect our income tax provision and net income or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business.  Many countries in Europe, as well as a number of other countries and organizations, have recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new laws.  For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") has been working on a "Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project," which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions.  The OECD has issued in 2015, and is expected to continue to issue, guidelines and proposals that may change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business.  In addition, the current U.S. administration and key members of Congress have made public statements indicating that tax reform is a priority. Certain changes to U.S. tax laws, including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the United States until those earnings are repatriated to the United States, could affect the tax treatment of our foreign earnings. 

50 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Following is a summary of stock repurchases for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

(1)   Stock repurchase Programs 
  April 2014 Repurchase Program 
  In April 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program ("April 2014 Repurchase Program") pursuant to which we may purchase up to   $300.0 million   of our common stock over the next   three   years.  
    
  On May 3, 2016, as part of our   $300.0 million   April 2014 Repurchase Program, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR") to repurchase   $50.0 million   of our common stock (the "2016 ASR"). Under the terms of the 2016 ASR, we paid   $50.0 million   and received an initial delivery of approximately   0.5 million   shares. The 2016 ASR was completed on September 6, 2016 with a final delivery of approximately   0.1 million   shares. We received a total of approximately   0.6 million   shares under the 2016 ASR at a weighted average share price of    $81.89  . The final number of shares repurchased was based on our volume-weighted average stock price during the term of the transaction, less an agreed upon discount. 
    
  During 2016, we have repurchased on the open market   88,000   shares of our common stock at a weighted average of   $93.21   per share, including commissions, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $8.2 million  . All repurchased shares were retired. As of September 30, 2016, we have   $41.8 million   remaining under the April 2014 Repurchase Program.  
    
  April 2016 Repurchase Program 
    
  On April 28, 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized an additional plan to repurchase up to $300.0 million of the Company's stock ("the April 2016 Repurchase Plan"). Any purchases under this stock repurchase program may be made, from time-to-time, pursuant to open market purchases (including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans), privately-negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchases, block trades or derivative contracts or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of September 30, 2016, there have not been any repurchases under this plan. (  Refer to Note 10 "Common Stock Repurchase", of the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   for details of common stock repurchase). 
    
  We expect to finance future stock repurchases with current cash on hand. 
   
  ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.      OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None 

ITEM 6.        EXHIBITS 
    
  (a) Exhibits: 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

52 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

November 8, 2016 
    By: 
    /S/    JOSEPH M. HOGAN 

Joseph M. Hogan 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /S/    DAVID L. WHITE 

David L. White 
  Chief Financial Officer 

53 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

54 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 algn-20160930ex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
    
               This  EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT  (the    "Agreement")   is  entered  into  as  of November 7, 2016 by and between John Morici (the   "Executive")    and Align Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   "Company"). 
    
  1.   Duties and Scope of Employment  . 
    
  (a)   Position  . For the term of the Executive's employment under this Agreement   ("Employment"),     the Company agrees to employ the Executive in the position of Chief Financial Officer with the Executive's principal place of Employment in San Jose, California.  The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer (the   "CEO").     The Executive accepts such Employment and agrees to discharge all of the duties normally associated with said position, and to faithfully and to the best of the Executive's  abilities perform such other services consistent with the Executive's position as Chief Financial Officer as may from time to time be assigned to the Executive by the CEO. 
    
  (b)   Obligations  to  the  Company  .     During  the  term  of  the  Executive's Employment,  the  Executive  shall  devote the  Executive's  full  business  efforts  and time  to  the Company.   The Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting  activity  for  any  direct  or  indirect  remuneration  without  the  prior  approval  of  the CEO, provided, however, that the Executive may, without the approval of the CEO, serve in any capacity with any civic, educational or charitable organization. The Executive may own, as a passive investor, no more than one percent (1 %) of any class of the outstanding securities of any publicly traded corporation. 
    
  (c)   No Conflicting Obligations  .  The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that  the  Executive  is  under  no  obligations  or  commitments,  whether  contractual  or otherwise, that are inconsistent with the Executive's obligations under this Agreement. The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive will not use or disclose, in connection with the Executive's employment by the  Company, any trade  secrets or other proprietary  information or intellectual property in which the Executive or any other person has any right, title or interest and that the Executive's  employment by the Company as contemplated by this Agreement will not infringe or violate the rights of any other person or entity. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the Executive has returned all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employers. 
    
  (d)   Commencement Date  . It is expected that the Executive will commence full  
  time Employment on November 10, 2016. 
    
  2.   Cash and Incentive Compensation. 
    
                              (a)   Salary  .   The Company shall pay the Executive as compensation for the Executive's services a base salary at a gross annual rate of $400,000, payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule.  The compensation specified in this Subsection (a), together with any adjustments by the Company from time to time, is referred to in this Agreement as   "Base Salary." 
    
  (b)   Annual Bonus  .  The Executive shall be entitled to participate  in an annual bonus program that will provide the Executive with an opportunity to earn a potential annual bonus (the "Annual  Bonus")  equal to 60% of the Executive's  Base Salary at target levels of performance (the "Target Bonus")  .      For the Company's  current fis  c  al year ("FY2016"), however, the Executive's bonus  will  be  pro-rated  based  on  actual  number  of  days  of  employment  with  the  Company  in FY2016  .    For years subsequent to FY2016, the amount of the Annual Bonus shall be based upon the performance  of the  Executive,  as  set by the individual  performance  objectives  described  in this Subsection  ,    and the Company in each calendar year  .     Notwithstanding  anything in this Section 2(b) to the contrary, the Executive must remain employed by the Company through  December  31 of a particular year in order to earn an Annual Bonus for such year, and each Annual Bonus that is earned shall be paid by no later than March l of the year following the year it is earned.   The Executive's individual performance  objectives shall be set by the CEO after consultation with the Executive and the  Company's   objectives  shall be approved  by the  Compensation  Committee  of the  Company's Board  of Directors  (the "Compensation    Committee")   in each case by no later than March 31 of each calendar year; provided, however,  that the Executive's  individual performance  objectives  for 2016 will be set within sixty (60) calendar days of the Executive's  hire date.   The amount of any Annual   Bonus   awarded   or  paid  to  the  Executive   will   be   subject  to  the   discretion   of  the Compensation Committee  . 
  
   1 

(c)   Incentive Awards  .   The Executive  shall be granted an award of restricted stock units  covering  18,835 shares of the Company's  common stock (the "Restricted   Stock  Unit Award"),   subject  to the  approval  of the  Compensation  Committee  in  all respects,  including  the terms  described  herein.    The  Restricted  Stock Unit  Award  will  vest  as to 25%  on each yearly anniversary  of the  vesting  commencement  date as determined  by the  Compensation  Committee, subject to the Executive's  continuous service through each applicable vesting date.  The grant of the Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award  shall be subject  to the  other terms  and  conditions  set forth in the Company's  2005 Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time  ,    and in the Company's  standard form of restricted stock unit agreement. 
    
  (d)     One-Time Bonus  .  The Executive will also be granted a sign-on bonus of$150,000.   This sign-on payment  will be added to and included  in your  first regularly  scheduled paycheck,  and  is  subject  to  all  normal  and  appropriate  payroll  withholdings.   In  the  event  the Executive  voluntarily  leaves the  Company within the first twelve  months  of employment  for any reason other than Good Reason, the Executive will be responsible for returning  100% of the sign on bonus.   In the event the Executive voluntarily leaves the Company after twelve months but prior to twenty  -  four months  of emp  l  oyment  ,    for any reason other than Good Reason, the Executive will be responsible for returning a portion of the sign on bonus as follows:  For each full month of full-time employment,  the  Company  will  forgive  1/24 of the sign-on  bonus  and the remaining  unforgiven portion will be due and payable to the Company on demand.   In the event the Company terminates the Executive  '  s  employment without Cause, the Executive will not be required  to return  any of the sign-on bonus  , 
    
                               (e)   Relocation Assistance  .   The Executive is expected to be working full time out of the San Jose  ,   California office.  The Company will reimburse the Executive for (i) all eligible relocation expenses incurred by him in the course of his relocation to the San Francisco Bay area as set forth in Exhibit  A and (ii) personal transitional eligible expenses as also set forth in Exhibit  A (collectively,  the "Relocation   Expenses"),   subject to the Company's  requirements  with respect to   reporting  and documentation  of such expenses.  In the  event the  Executive  voluntarily  leaves the Company within the first twelve months of employment for any reason other than Good Reason, the Executive  will be respons  i  ble  for returning  100% of the Relocation  Expenses  reimbursed  by the Company pursuant to this Section 2(e)  . 
    
  3.    Vacation  and  the  Executive   Benefits  .     During  the  term  of  the  Executive's Employment, the Executive shall be eligible to accrue 17 days'  vacation per yea  r   on a pro-rata basis throughout  the year  ,    in  accordance  with  the Company's   standard  policy  for  senior  management, including  prov  i  sions  with respect  to maximum  accrual,  as it may be amended  from time to time. During the term of the Executive's  Employment, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in any employee benefit plans maintained by the Company for senior management,  subject in each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the plan in question and to the determinations of any person  or committee  administering  such plan, and to the right of the Company to make changes in such plans from time to time  . 
    
  4.    Business   Expenses  .     During  the  term  of  the  Executive's   Employment,   the Executive  shall be  authorized  to  incur  necessary  and reasonable  travel  ,    entertainment  and  other business  expenses  in  connection  with  her  duties hereunder  .      The  Company  shall  reimburse  the Executive  for such expenses upon presentation  of an itemized  account and appropriate  supporting documentation, all in accordance with the Company  '  s  generally applicable policies. 
    
  5  .   Term of Employment. 
    
  (a)   At-Will  Employment  .   The Executive's  Employment  with  the Company shall  be  "at  will"   and  either  the  Executive  or  the  Company  may  terminate   the  Executive's Employment  at any time, for any reason  ,   with or without Cause (though certain terminations  of the Executive's  Employment  may trigger the Executive's  right to rece  i  ve payments  and benefits under Section  6)  .      Any  contrary representations,  which may have been made to the Executive,  whether orally or in writing, shall be superseded by this Agreement.   This Agreement shall constitute the full and complete  agreement  between  the Executive  and the  Company  on the "at will"  nature  of the Executive's  Employment, which may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by the Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 
    
  (b)   Termination  , The Company may terminate the Executive's  Employment at any time and for any reason (or no reason), with or w  i  thout Cause, by giving the Executive notice in writing.    The  Executive  may  terminate  the Executive's   Employment  by  giving  the  Company fourteen  (14)  days'   advance  notice  in  writing  .       The  Executive  '  s   Employment   shall  terminate automatically in the event of the Executive's  death. Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary, upon the Executive  '  s  termination  due to death or Disability  ,    the Executive  shall only be entitled to the payments and benefits provided under Section 5(c)(i)-(v) below  . 
  
   2 

(c)   Rights Upon Termination  .   In the event the Executive's  Employment with the Company terminates  for any reason, the Executive will be entitled to any (i) unpaid base salary accrued up to the effective date of termination, as well as unpaid, but accrued vacation; (ii) unpaid, but earned and accrued annual incentive; (iii) benefits or compensation  as provided under the terms of  any  employee  benefit  and  compensation  agreements   or  plans  applicable  to  the  Executive; (iv) unreimbursed  business  expenses required to be reimbursed  to the Executive;  and (v) rights to   indemnification    the  Executive   may  have  under  the  Company's    Articles   of Incorporation,    Bylaws,  the Agreement,    or  separate   indemnification     agreement,    as  applicable.     Except   as  expressly   provided   in Section 6, upon  the  termination  of  the  Executive  '  s   Employment  pursuant  to  this  Section   5,    the Executive  shall  only  be  entitled  to  the  compensation,  benefits  and reimbursements  described  in Sections 2, 3 and 4 for the period preceding  the effective date of the termination.   The payments under this Agreement shall fully discharge all responsibilities  of the Company to the Executive  . 
    
  (d)   Termination  of Agreement      The termination  of this Agreement  shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the Executive's  obligations under Section 7  . 
    
  6.   Termination Benefits  . 
    
  (a)   General Release Agreemen  t  .     Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding  ,   '  Subsections   (b),  (c) or  (d) below  shall  not  apply  unless  (i) the  Executive  has executed  a General Release Agreement in a form prescribed by the Company which will include a provision  whereby   the  Executive  waives  and  releases  with  irrevocable   effect  all  known  and unknown  claims that the Executive may then have against the Company  or persons  affiliated with the Company which are waivable under applicable law, and (ii) the Executive has pursuant to such General Release Agreement has agreed not to prosecute  any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims to the full extent permissible under applicable law, and (iii) the Executive has,  pursuant  to  such  General  Release  Agreement,   acknowledged   the  Executive's   continuing obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  the EPIA  referenced  below,  and  (iv) the  General  Release Agreement  has become  effective  and irrevocable within  sixty (60) days following  the date of the Executive's   termination   of  Employment.     Any  benefits  under  this  Agreement  that  would  be considered  deferred  compensation  under  Section 409A  of the  Internal Revenue  Code of  1986, as amended  (the  "Code")   and  the  final  regulations  and  official  guidance  promulgated  thereunder ("Code  Section 409A  "  ) will be paid on  ,    or, in the case of installments, will not commence until, the sixtieth  (60th)  day  following  the  Executive's   separation  from  service  ,    or,  if later,  such time  as required by Section 6(h) of this Agreement.   Any installment payments that would have been made to the Executive  during the sixty (60) day period immediately following the Execu  t  ive's separation from service but for the preceding  sentence will be paid to the Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Executive's  separation from service, or, if later,   such time as required by Section 6(i) of this Agreement and the remaining payments shall be made as provided in this Agreement. 
    
  (b)   Apart From a Change of Control  .   If, during the term of this Agreement, and not in connection with a Change of Control as addressed in Section 6(c) below, the Company terminates  the Executive's  Employment  other than for Cause, death or Disability,  or the Executive resigns  for Good Reason  ,    then, subject to Section 6(a), the Company  shall pay the Executive,  in a lump  sum  upon  the  effectiveness  of  the  General  Release  to  be  executed  by  the  Executive  in accordance with Section 6(a) above, an amount equal to one year's  Base Salary at the rate in effect at the time of the termination of Employment  (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason  based  on a material reduction  in Base Salary,  then the Executive's  Base  Salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction). 
    
  (c)     In Connection With a Change of Control  .   If within eighteen (18) months following the occurrence of the Change of Control, one of the following events occurs  : 
  (i)  the  Executive's    Employment    is terminated    by the  Co  m  pany   (or its successor)   other  than  for Cause,  death  or Disability,   o  r 
    
  (ii) the Executive   resigns  for  Good  Reason  , 
    
  then,   in lieu of any payments  or benefits  under  Section  6(b) above and subject to Section 6(a)  ,   the Executive shall immediately conditionally vest as to all shares under all outstanding equity  awards  that  are  subject  to vesting  conditions  based  solely  on  continued  employment  or service  ,    subject  to the Executive's  execution  of the  General  Release  Agreement  described  above with irrevocable  effect and suspension  of exercise rights  with respect to such conditionally vested shares until such execution  ,    and the Company  shall pay the Executive  ,    in a lump sum, an  
  
   3 

amount equal to: (x) the then current year's  Target Bonus prorated for the number of days of the Executive is employed in said year; (y) one year's  Base Salary (or if the termination  is due to a resignation  for Good Reason  based  on a material  reduction  in Base  Salary,  then the Executive's   Base  Salary in effect  immediately  prior  to such reduction)  ;    and  (z) the  greater  of the then-current  year's  Target Bonus (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in Target Bonus  ,    then the Executive's  Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to such reduction)  or the actual prior year's  Annual Bonus.  The Executive's  Base Salary shall be paid at the rate in effect at the time of the termination of Employment. 
    
  (d)   Health Insurance  .  If Section 6(b) or (c) above applies, and if the Executive timely elects to continue the Executive's  health insurance coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation   Act  of  1985, as  amended     ("COBRA"),     following  the  termination   of Employment,  then subject to Section 6(a)  ,   the Company shall pay the Executive's  monthly premium under COBRA for COBRA coverage for the Executive until the earliest of (i) 12 months following the  termination   of  the  Executive's   Employment,   or  (ii) the  date  upon  which  the  Executive commences  employment with an entity othe  r   than the Company.   In addition,  and notwithstanding anything  to the contrary  in this Section 6, if the  Company  determines  in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA benefits without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section2716  of the Public Health Service Act)  ,   the Company will in lieu thereof provide to the Executive a taxable lump sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required  to pay to continue the Executive's  group health  coverage in effect on the date of the Executive's  termination of Employment  (which amount will be based on the premium  for the first month of COBRA coverage) for 12 months following the termination, which payment will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage  . 
    
  (e)   Definition  of "Cause."    For  all purposes  under this Agreement,  "Cause" shall mean any of the following: 
    
                         (i)  Unauthorized  use or disclosure  of the confidential  information  or trade secrets of the Company; 
                                                   (ii) Any breach of this Agreement  or the EPIA between the Executive 
                                            (iii)Conviction  of, or a plea  of "guilty"  or "no  contest"  to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof  ; 
                                               (iv)Misappropriation  of the assets of the Company or any act of fraud or embezzlement by the Executive, or any act of dishonesty by the Executive in connection with the performance of his duties for the Company that adversely affects the business or affairs of the Company  ; 
    
                                                (v) Intentional misconduct; or 
    
                                            (vi)The  Executive's   failure  to satisfactorily  perform  the  Executive's duties after having received  written notice of such failure  and at least thirty (30) days to cure such failure  . 
    
  (f)  Definition   of  "Disability."     For   all  purposes   under   this  Agreement, "Disability"  shall mean a disability under Section 22( e)(3) of the Code. 
    
  (g) Definition  of "Good  Reason."    Except  as noted  below,  for all purposes under  this  Agreement,  subject to  the  notice  and  cure  period  requirements  described  below,  the Executive's   resignation  for "Good  Reason"   shall mean  the  Executive's  resignation  upon written notice to the Company delivered within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of any one or more of the following events without the Executive's  consent: 
                                                   (i)  The   Executive's    position,   authority   or   responsibilities being materially reduced; 
                                                      (ii) the  Executive  being  asked  to relocate  the  Executive's   principal place  of  Employment   such  that  the  Executive's   commuting  distance  from  the  Executive's residence prior to such relocation is increased by over thirty  -  five (35) miles; 
                                                       (iii)The   Executive's annual  Base Salary or  Target   Bonus being materially reduced; or 
                                                     (iv)The Executive  '  s  benefits being materially reduced. 
    
  The Executive shall provide written notice to the Company  at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the Executive's  resignation, ident  i  fying the event or events the Executive claims constitute  Good Reason  and describing  in  
  
   4 

reasonable  detail the fact supporting  the claim  .      The  Company  shall  have  at least  thirty (30)  days  to  take  action  to  remedy  the condition  claimed by the Executive  as Good Reason,  but  shall have no obligation  to take such action.   In the event the Company remedies  the condition then Good Reason shall be deemed not to exist.  At the expiration of the remedial period and prior to the effective date of the Executive's  resignation,  the Executive  shall provide written  notice to the Company, stating  whether  the  Executive   (A) withdraws  the  Executive's   resignation   based  on  the Company's  remedy  of the  condition,  (B) chooses  to resign  anyway  notwithstanding  such remedy, or (C) claims the condition has not been remedied  and chooses to resign based on a claim  of  Good  Reason.    In  the  absence  of  such  notice,  the  Executives  resignation  shall become effective and the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned without Good Reason. Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,    .  in  order  for  the  Executive's   resignation  to  be  for  Good Reason, the Executive must resign within six (6) months following the initial existence of the event(s) constituting Good Reason. 
    
  (h)   Definition of "Change of Control.  " For all purposes under this Agreement,   "Change of Control"   shall mean any of the following: 
    
                                             (i) A sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; 
    
  (  i  i) The acquisition  of more than fifty percent  (50%)   '  of the common stock of the Company (w  i  th all classes or series thereof treated as a single class) by any person or group of persons; 
    
                                         (iii)A reorganization  of the Company wherein the holders of common stock  of  the  Company  receive  stock  in  another  company  (other  than a  subs  i  diary  of  the Company),  a merger  of the Company  with  another  company  wherein  there is a fifty percent (50%) or greater change in the ownership of the common stock of the Company as a result  of such  merger,  or  any  other  transaction   in  which  the  Company   (other  than  as  the  parent corporation) is consolidated for federal income tax purposes or is eligible to be consolidated for federal income tax purposes with another corporation; or 
    
                                             (iv)In  the  event  that the  common  stock  is traded  on an established securities market, a public announcement that any person has acquired or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the then-outstanding  common stock and for this purpose the terms "person" and "beneficial ownership" shall have the meanings provided in Section 13(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 or related rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission  ,    or the commencement  of or public announcement  of an intention to make a tender offer or exchange offer for more than fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding Comm.on Stock. 
    
  (i)     Section 409A  .      Notwithstanding    anything   to   the   contrary   in   this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to the Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement  ,    when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that  are  considered  deferred  compensation  under  Code  Section 409A  (together  ,    the    "Deferred Compensation  Separation Benefits")   will he paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a "separation  from  service"  within  the  meaning  of  Code  Section 409A.  Any  provision  of  this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,    i  f, at the time of the Executive's  separation from service, the  Executive  is  a "specified  employee,  "    within  the  meaning  of  Code  Section  409A,  then  any Deferred  Compensation  Separation  Benefits  due to the Executive  pursuant  to  this Agreement  or otherwise on or within the six-month period following the Executive's  separation from service will accrue during such six-month period and will become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six  (6) months  and  one  (1)  day  following  the  date  of the  Executive's   separation  from  service, provided, that such cash severance or other benefits will be paid earlier, at the times and on the terms set forth in the applicable provisions  of this Agreement, if the Company reasonably determines that the imposition  of additional tax under Code Section 409A, will not apply to an earlier payment  of such cash severance or other benefits.   Each payment  and benefit payable  under this Agreement  is intended  to constitute  a separate payment  for purposes  of Section  l.409A-2(h)(2)  of the Treasury Regulations.  Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of   the   "short" 
  term deferral" rule set forth in Section l.409A-l(b)(4)   of the Treasury Regulations  or that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section l.409A" l(b)(9)(iii)   of  the  Treasury  Regulations  will  not  constitute  Deferred  Compensation   Separation   Benefits  to  the  extent  permissible  under  the  applicable  Treasury  Regulations.     The  foregoing provisions  are intended to comply with the requirements  of Code Section 409A so that none of the severance  payments  and  benefits  to  be provided  hereunder  will  be  subject  to the  additional  tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply.  In addition, this Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to avoid imposition of any additional   tax  or  income  recognition   prior  to  actual  payment   to  the  Executive   under   Code Section 409A and any temporary, proposed or final Treasury Regulations and guidance-promulgated thereunder and the parties agree to cooperate with each other and to take reasonably necessary  steps in this regard. 

5 

(j)   Limitation  on Payments;  Section 280G  .   Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  in this  Agreement,  in  the  event  the  severance  and  other  benefits  provided  for  in  this Agreement  or otherwise payable to the Executive (the "Payments")   (A) are "parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (B) but for this Section 6(j), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Executive's  Payments will be either: 
    
                         (i)  delivered in full, or 
    
         (ii) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Payments being subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,  
    
  whichever  of (i) or (ii), taking  into  account  the  applicable  federal,  state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by the Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of Payments,  notwithstanding  that all or some portion  of such Payments  may be taxable under  Section 4999  of the Code.   If  a reduction  in the Payments constituting  "parachute  payments"  is necessary  so that no portion  of such Payments  is subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, (x) the Executive will have no rights to any additional Payments  that  are  being  reduced,  and  (y) the  reduction  shall  occur  in  the  following  order:  (1) reduction of the cash payments, if any, which shall occur in reverse chronological order such that the cash payment  owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering  such excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced;  (2) cancellation  of accelerated vesting  of equity awards other than stock options, if any; (3) cancellation  of accelerated vesting of stock options, if any; and (4) reduction of other benefits, if any, paid or provided to the Executive, which shall occur in reverse chronological  order such that the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the  event triggering  such excise  tax will be the first benefit  to be reduced.   In the  event that acceleration  of vesting  of equity  awards  or stock  options  is to be reduced,  such acceleration  of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Executive's  equity awards or stock options.   If two or more equity awards or stock options are granted on the same date, each award or stock option will be reduced on a pro-rata basis.  Notwithstanding,  any excise tax imposed will be solely the responsibility  of the Executive.   Notwithstanding  the foregoing, to the extent the Company  submits any Payments  to the Company's   stockholders  for approval  in accordance  with Treasury  Regulation  Section  l.280G-l  Q A 7, and such Payments will be treated in accordance with the results of such vote, the foregoing provisions shall not apply following such submission and such Payments will be treated in accordance with the results of such vote, except that any reduction in, or waiver  of,. such Payments  required  by such vote will be applied without  any application  of discretion by the Executive  and in the order prescribed  by this Section 6(j). In no event  shall the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of the Executive's  Payment reductions.   
    
  Unless the Company and the Execut  i  ve otherwise agree in writing  ,   any determination required  under  this  Section  6(j)  will  be  made  in  writing  by  a  nationally  recognized   firm of independent public accountants selected by the Company, the Company's  legal counsel or such other person  or entity to  which the parties  mutually  agree  (the   "Firm"),   whose  determination  will  be conclusive  and binding upon the Executive  and the Company  for all purposes.    For purposes  of making  the calculations required by this  Section 6(j)  ,    the Firm may make reasonable  assumptions and   approximations   concerning   applicable   taxes   and   may   rely   on   reasonable,   good   faith interpretations  concerning the application  of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.   The Company and  the  Executive  will  furnish to  the  Firm  such  information  and  documents  as the  Firm  may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 6(j)  .    The Company will bear all costs the Firm may reasonably incur in connection  with any calculations  contemplated  by this Section 6(j). 
    
  7  .    Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure  . 
    
  (a)     Non-Solicitation  .    During the period commencing on the date of this Agreement  and continuing until the first anniversary of the date when the Executive's  Employment terminated for any reason, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, personally or through others  ,   solicit or attempt to solicit (on the Executive's  own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity) the employment of any employee of the Company or any of the Company's  affiliates. 
    
  (b)   Proprietary Information  .       As a condition  of Employment,  the Executive has entered into an Employee Proprietary  Information Agreement with the Company (the "  EPIA  ") in the Form attached as   Exhibit  B  , which is incorporated herein by reference. 

6 

8. Successors. 
    
  (a)    Company's   Successors  .     This  Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon  any successor   (whether  direct  or  indirect   and  whether  by  purchase,  lease,  merger,   consolidation, liquidation  or otherwise) to all or substantially  all of the Company's  business and/or assets.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term "Company"  shall include any successor to the Company's business and/or assets which becomes bound by this Agreement. 
    
  (b)    the  Executive's    Successors  .     This  Agreement   and  all  rights   of  the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive's  personal or legal representatives,  executors, administrators,  successors  ,    heirs  ,    distributees, devisees and legatees  . 
    
  9.   Arbitration and Equitable Relief 
    
  (a)   Arbitration  .    In consideration  of the  Executive  '  s   Employment  with  the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related  disputes, and the Executive's  receipt of the compensation, pay raises, and other benefits paid to the Executive by the Company, at present and in the  future,  the Executive  agrees that  any  and  all controversies,  claims,  or disputes  with  anyone (including  the  Company  and any  employee,  officer,  director,  shareholder,  or benefit  plan  of the Company,  in their capacity as such or otherwise),  arising out of, relating  to, or resulting  from the Executive's  Employment with the Company or the termination of the Executive's  Employment with the Company  ,    including any breach of this Agreement,  shall be subject to binding arbitration wider the  arbitration  provisions  set forth  in California  Code  of Civil Procedure  Sections  1280 through   1294.2 (the "Act"),  arid pursuant  to California  law.   The Federal Arbitration  Act shall continue to apply with full force and effect notwithstanding  the application  of procedural  rules set forth in the Act.    Disputes  that  the Executive  agrees  to arbitrate, and  thereby  agrees  to waive any right  to a trial  by jury,  include  any statutory claims  under  local, state,  or federal  law, including,   but not limited   to,  claims  under   Title  VII  of  the  Civil  Rights   Act  of  1964,  the  Americans   With Disabilities    Act  of  1990,  the  Age  Discrimination    in  Employment    Act  of  1967,. the  Older Workers  Benefit   Protection    Act,   the   Sarbanes-Oxley    Act,   the   Worker  Adjustment     and Retraining Notification  Act, the California   Fair  Employment   and Housing  Act, the Family  and Medical  Leave  Act,  the  California   Family  Rights  Act,  the  California   Labor   Code,  claims  of harassment,    discrimination,    and  wrongful   termination,    and  any  statutory  or  common   law claims.     Notwithstanding     the   foregoing,   the   Executive   understands   that   nothing   in   this Agreement   constitutes  a waiver  of the Executive's   rights  under  Section 7 of the National  Labor Relations  Act.    The Executive further understands that this agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with the Executive. 
    
  (b)   Procedure  .   The Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by  Judicial   Arbitration      Mediation   Services,   Inc.  ("  JAMS  "),   pursuant   to  its  Employment Arbitration Rules   Procedures  (the "  JAMS  Rules  "),  which are available at HTTP://WWW.JAMSADR.COM/RULES-EMPLOYMENT-ARBITRATION/.    and from Human Resources.    The Executive  agrees that the arbitrator  shall have  the power  to decide  any motions brought   by   any  party   to  the   arbitration,   including   motions   for   summary  judgment   and/or adjudication,  and motions  to  dismiss  and  demurrers,  applying  the  standards  set  forth  under  the California  Code of Civil Procedure.   The Executive  agrees that the arbitrator  shall issue a written decision on the merits.   The Executive  also agrees that the arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies  available under applicable law, and that the arbitrator shall award attorneys'  fees and costs to  the prevailing  party,  where  provided  by applicable  law.   The Executive  agrees  that the decree or award rendered by the arbitrator  may be entered as a final and binding judgment  in any court having jurisdiction  thereof    The Executive  understands  that the Company  will pay for any administrative  or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or JAMS except that the Executive shall pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that the Executive initiates, but only so much of the filing fees as the Executive would have instead paid had the Executive filed a complaint in a court of law.    The  Executive  agrees  that  the  arbitrator  shall  administer  and  conduct  any  arbitration  in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence  Code, and that the arbitrator  shall apply substantive and procedural  California law to any dispute or claim, without reference  to rules of conflict of law.   To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with California law, California  law shall take precedence.   The Executive  agrees that  any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted in Santa Clara County, California. 
    
  (c)     Remedy  .  Except  as provided  by the Act  and this Agreement,  arbitration shall  be  the  sole,  exclusive,  and  final remedy  for  any  dispute  between  the  Executive  and the Company.     Accordingly,   except  as  provided  for  by  the  Act  and  this  Agreement,  neither  the Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. 

7 

(d)    Administrative  Relief     The  Executive  understands  that  this  Agreement does not prohibit the Executive from pursuing  an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment,  including, but not limited  to, the Department  of Fair Employment  and Housing,  the Equal Employment  Opportunity Commission,  the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers' Compensation Board.   This Agreement  does, however, preclude the Executive from pursuing  court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted  by law. 
    
  (e)   Voluntary Nature of Agreement.    The Executive acknowledges  and agrees that  the  Executive  is  executing  this  Agreement  voluntarily   and  without  any  duress  or  undue influence  by  the  Company  or  anyone  else.    The  Executive  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the Executive has carefully read this Agreement  and that the Executive has asked any questions needed for the Executive to understand  the terms,  consequences,  and binding effect of this agreement  and fully understand  it, including that   the Executive is waiving the Executive's right to a jury trial. 
  Finally, the Executive agrees that the Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice ofan  attorney of the Executive's  choice before signing this agreement. 
    
  10.     Miscellaneous Provisions  . 
    
  (a)      Notice  .    Notices  and  all  other  communications   contemplated   by  this Agreement  shall  be  in  writing  and  shall  be  deemed  to have  been  duly  given  when  personally delivered  or when  mailed  by  overnight  courier,  U.S.  registered  or  certified  mail,  return  receipt requested and postage prepaid.  In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to the Executive at the home address which the Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary. 
    
  (b)   Modifications and Waivers  .    No  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be modified,  waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement  by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision  or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
    
  (c)    Whole  Agreement  .  No  other  agreements,  representations   or understandings  (whether oral or written)  which  are not expressly  set forth in this Agreement  have been made or entered into by either party with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.   This Agreement  and the EPIA contain the entire understanding  of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
    
  (d)   Withholding  Taxes.     All payments  made under this Agreement  shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law. 
    
  (e)   Governing Law: Consent to Personal Jurisdiction  .  This agreement will be governed  by  the  laws  of the  State  of  California  without  regard  for  conflicts  or  choice  of laws principles.   without regard  for choice-of-law  provisions.   The Executive  consents to personal  and exclusive jurisdiction  and venue :in the State of California. 
    
  (f)    Severability  .     The  invalidity   or  unenforceability   of  any  provision   or provisions  of this Agreement  shall not  affect the validity  or enforceability  of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
  (g)     No  Assignment  .    This  Agreement  and  all rights  and  obligations  of the Executive  hereunder  are personal  to the Executive  and may not be transferred  or assigned  by the Executive  at any time.  The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement to any entity that assumes  the Company's  obligations  hereunder  in connection  with  any sale or transfer  of all or a substantial portion of the Company's  assets to such entity. 
    
  (h)    Counterparts.     This Agreement may  be  executed in  two  or  more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

/S/    JOHN MORICI 
        
    JOHN MORICI 

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

/S/   JOSEPH M. HOGAN 
      By: 
    JOSEPH M. HOGAN 
      Title: 
    President and CEO 

CFO 2016 Morici draft Agreement 
  
   9 

EXHIBIT A 

Vice President   Above 
      Household Goods Shipment 
    -  Packing, loading, transporting, and insurance 
  - Two vehicles, if over 500 miles 
  - Renter: 30 days of storage 
  - Homeowner: 60 days of storage 
      En Route Trip 
    - One-way economy airfare   OR 
  - Mileage for two cars at current rate, (based on 400 miles/day) 
  - Reasonable meals and lodging 
      Home Finding Trip 
    - 1 trip (7 days/6 nights) 
  - Employee and spouse/domestic partner 
  - RT economy airfare or mileage for one car at IRS rate 
  - Meals, lodging, and rental car 
      Temporary Living 
    - Furnished apartment or extended-stay hotel 
  - Up to 60 days 
  - No meals or incidentals 
      Destination Home Purchase Assistance 
    - Home Finding Assistance 
  - Must have been homeowners previously 
  - Normal and customary closing costs (no points/pre-paids) 
  - Up to 2% of the purchase price 
  - Must use Plus Agent 
      Rental Assistance 
    - One day professional rental tour 
  - Lease termination up to 2 month s rent 
  - Application fee, credit report fee, and finder s fee 
      Miscellaneous Allowance 
    - One month s base salary capped at $30,000 
  - Payroll taxes deducted 
  - Not grossed-up for taxes 
      Gross-Up 
    - Equalization 

14 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT (ATTACHED) 
  
   15 

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY,    I  NC. 
    
  EMPLOYEE    PROPRIETARY    INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS   AGREEMENT 

In  consideration  of my  employment  or continued  employment  by ALIGN  TECHNOLOGY  ,   INC  .   (the "Company"),   and the compensation  now and hereafter paid to me, I hereby agree as follows: 
    
  1.           PROPRIETARY INFORMATION  .      At  all  times during my employment  and thereafter,  I will hold in strictest   confidence    and   w  i  ll    not   disclose,   use, lecture   upon   or  publish   any   of  the   Company's Proprietary  Information  (defined  below),  except  as such disclosure,  use or publication  may  be required   i  n  connection  with  my  work  for  the  Company   or constitutes   Protected   Activity   (defined   below),   or unless    an    officer    of   the    Company    expressly authorizes     such     in     writing  .    "  Proprietary Information  "      shall  mean  any  and  all  confidential and/or proprietary  knowledge,  data or   i  nformation  of the  Company,  its affiliated  entities,  customers  and suppliers,  including  but  not  limited  to  information relating  to products,  processes,  know-how,  designs, formulas,  methods,  developmental   or  experimental work,  improvements,   d  i  scoveries,   inventions,  ideas, source and object codes, data, programs,  other works of    authorship,     and    plans     for    research     and development.       During   my   employment    by   the Company  I will not improperly  use or d  i  sclose  any confidential  information  or trade  secrets  ,    if any,  of any former employer  or any other person to whom I have  an obligation  of confidentiality,  and I will not bring   onto   the   premises   of   the   Company   any unpublished  documents or any property belonging  to any former  employer  or any other person to whom I have     an    obligation     of    confidentiality unless consented  to in writing  by that former  employer  or person  . 
    
  2.          Assignment of Inventions  . 
    
  2  .  1.      Proprietary Rights.       The term "  Proprietary   Rights  "   shall  mean  all trade   secret, patent, copyright, mask work and other intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
    
  2.2.         Inventions  .    The  term  "Inventions" shall mean all trade secrets, inventions,  mask works, ideas, processes,  formulas,  source  and object  codes, data  ,    programs,  other  works  of  authorship,   know  how  ,    improvements,  discoveries,  developments, designs and techniques. 
                    2.3  .       Prior   Inventions.      I  have  set  forth on Exhibit B (Previous  Inventions)  attached hereto a complete  list of all Inventions  that I have,  alone  or jointly with others, made prior to the commencement o  f   my employment with the Company that I consider to be my property or the property of third parties and tha  t   I wish to have excluded  from the  scope of this Agreement    (collectively    referred    to    as   "  Prior Inventions  ")  .       If no  such  disclosure  is  attached,  I represent that there are no Prior Inventions  .      If, in the course   of  my  employment   w  i  th   the  Company  ,     I incorporate    a   Prior   Invention    into   a   Company product, process or machine, the Company  is hereby granted  and shall have  a nonexc  l  usive,  royalty-free, irrevocable,    perpetual,    worldwide    license    (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees)  to make,  have made,  modify,  use  and sell such Prior Invention.    Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  I  agree  that    I    will  not  incorporate,   or permit  to  be  incorpo  r  ated,   Prior  Inventions   in any Company Inventions without the Company's prior written consent. 
    
  2  .  4.     Assignment   of Inventions  .    Subject to Sect  i  on 2  .  6  and except for those Inventions  which I  can  prove  qualify  fully  under  the  provisions   of California    Labor    Code   2870   (as   set   forth   in   Exhibit A),   I hereby assign and agree to assign in the future   (when  any  such   Inventions   or  Proprietary Rights  are first reduced to practice or first fixed in a tangible  medium  ,     as applicable)  to the Company  all my  right  ,     title  and  interest  in  and  to  any  and  all Inventions  (and  all Proprietary  Rights  with  respect thereto).   I will, at the Company's    r  equest,  promptly execute a written assignment  to the Company  of any such  Company  Invention,  and  I  will  preserve  any such Invention as part of the P  r  oprietary  Information of the Company (the "  Company   Inventions  "). 
    
  2.5.     Obligation to Keep Company Informed  .  I  will  promptly   and  fully  disclose  in writing  to  the  Company   all  Inventions  during  my employment    and   for    one    (1)   year    after   my employment,  including  any that may be covered  by Section 2870  .      I agree to assist in every proper  way   and to execute  those  documents  and take such  acts as  are  reasonably   requested   by  the   Company   to obtain,   sustain   and   from   time   to   time   enforce patents,  copyrights  and  other rights  and protections relating  to  Inventions  in  the  Uni  t  ed  States  or  any othe  r   country. 

16 

2.6.      Government or Third Party  .  I also agree to assign all my right, title and interest  in and to any particular  Company  Invention  to a th  i  rd party, including without limitation the United  States, as directed by the Company  . 
    
  3.          NO  CONFLICTING   OBLIGATION.   I   REPRESENT   that   my   performance    of   all   the   terms   of   this Agreement   and  as  an  employee   of  the  Company does not and will not breach any agreement  to keep in confidence  information  acquired  by me in confidence  or in trust prior to my employment  by the Company  .      I have not entered into, and I agree I will not enter into, any agreement  either written  or oral in conflict herewith. 
    
  4.         RETURN  OF COMPANY DOCUMENTS  .  Upon termination of  my  employment  with  the  Company for any  reason  whatsoever,  voluntarily or involuntarily,  and at any  earlier  time  the  Company requests,  I will  deliver  to the person  designated  by the   Company  all   originals  and   copies of   all documents  and other property of the Company in my possession,  under my control or to which I may have access  .       I will not reproduce  or appropriate  for my own  use,  or  for  the  use  of  others,  any  property, Proprietary    Information    or   Company   Inventions  .   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing,    I   understand  that  I am   allowed   to   keep   a   copy   of   the   Employee Handbook   and  personnel   records   relating   to  my employment. 
    
  5  .            LEGAL  AND EQUITABLE REMEDIBS  .   Because my services  are personal  and unique  and because  I may have access to and become acquainted with the Proprietary   Information  of  the  Company,  the Company    shall   have   the   right   to   enforce   this Agreement  and any of its provisions  by injunction  ,   specific    performance    or   other   equitable    relief, without   bond  and  without   prejudice  to  any  other rights and remedies  that the Company  may have for a breach of this Agreement. 
    
  6.          NOTICES.   Any notices  required  or permitted hereunder  shall  be given  to the appropriate  party  at the address specified  below  or at such other address as the  party  shall  specify  in writing.    Such  notice shall be deemed given upon personal  delivery  to the appropriate address   or   if   sent   by   certified    or registered   mail,  three   (3)  days  after  the  date  of mailing  . 
    
  7.           EMPLOYMENT  .      I agree  and  understand  that nothing  in  this  Agreement   shall  confer  any right with  respect  to  continuation  of employment  by the Company,  nor shall it interfere  in any way with my right or the Company's right to terminate my employment at any time, with or without  cause. 
    
  8.           PROTECTED   ACTIVITY   NOT  PROHIBITED.    I understand  that  nothing  in this  Agreement  shall  in any way limit or prohibit  me from  engaging  in any Protected  Activity  .      Fo  r   purposes  of this Agreement, "  Protected     Activity  "    means   filing   a   charge   or complaint   with,   or   otherwise   communicating    or cooperating with or part  i  cipating   in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted  by any federal, state  or  local  government   agency  or  commission, including the Securities  and Exchange  Commission, the  Equal  Employment   Opportunity Commission, the Occupational  Safety  and Health  Administration, and     the     National      Labor      Relations      Board ("  Government     Agencies  ").    I  understand   that   in connection   with   such   Protected    Activity,   I  am permitted     to     disclose      documents      or     othe  r   information  as permitted  by law  ,   and without  giving notice   to,   or   receiving    authorization    from,   the Company.   Notwithstanding,    in  mak  i  ng    any  such disclosures  or  communicat  i  ons  ,      I  agree  to  take  all reasonable  precautions  to  prevent  any  unauthorized use   or   disclosure   of   any   information   that   may constitute Company  Confidential  Information  to any part  i  es    other   than   the Government    Agencies.   I further  understand  that  "  Protected Activity  "   does   .   not include the disclosure  of any Company  attorney  client   privileged   communicat  i  ons.     In   addition,   I hereby acknowledge  that the Company  has provided me with not  i  ce  in compliance  with the Defend Trade Secrets   Act   of   2016   regarding    immunity    from liabi  li  ty for limited  disclosures  of trade secrets  .     The full text of the notice is attached in Exhibit  C. 
    
  GENERAL  PROVISIONS.        This Agreement  will  be governed  by and construed  according  to the laws of the  State of California,  as such  laws  are  applied  to agreements entered into and to be performed  entirely within  California  between  California  residents  .       In   case any one or more of the provisions  contained  in this Agreement  shall  ,    for any reason,  be held  to be invalid, illegal or unenforceab  l  e   in any respect, such invalidity,   illegality   or  unenforceability    shall   not affect  the  other  provis  i  ons   of  this  Agreement,   and this Agreement  shall be construed  as if such invalid, illegal  or  unenforceable   provision  had  never  been contained  herein  .       This  Agreement  will  be binding upon  my  heirs,  executors,  administrators   and  other legal  representat  i  ves   and  will  be for the  benefit  of the  Company,  its successors,  and  its  assigns.    The provisions    of   this   Agreement    shall   survive   the termination  of my employment  and the  assignment of this Agreement  by the Company to any successor in  interest  or  other  assignee  .        No  waiver   by  the Company  of any breach of this Agreement  shall be a waiver  of any preceding  or succeeding  breach  .      No waiver   
  
   17 

by  the  Company   of  any  right  under   this Agreement   shall  be  construed  as  a waiver  of  any other right.   The obl  i  gations   pursuant  to Sections  1 and  2  of  this  Agreement  shall  apply  to  any  time during  which  I was  previously  employed,  or am in the    future    employed,    by   the   Company    as   a consultant      if     no     other     agreement      governs nondisclosure   and  assignment  of  inventions  during such period.   This Agreement  is the final,  complete and exclusive  agreement  of the parties  with  respect to  the  subject  matter   hereof   and  supersedes   and merges   all   prior   discussions    between   us  .         No modification   of  or  amendment   to  this  Agreement, nor any waiver  of any r  i  ghts  under this  Agreement  ,   will be effective  unless in writing  and signed by the party  to  be  charged  .        Any  subsequent   change   or changes  in  my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
    This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of my employment with the Company. 
    
                 Dated: 

/S/    JOHN MORICI 
        
    (Signature) 

JOHN MORICI 
        
    (Printed Name) 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: 
        
    ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

/S/   JOSEPH M. HOGAN 
        
    (Signature) 

By:     
    Joseph M. Hogan 
      Title: 
    President and Chief the Executive Officer 
      Dated: 
    11/3/2016 

18 

EXHIBIT A 
    
  LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION 

THIS  IS TO  NOTIFY  you in accordance  with Section  2872 of the California  Labor  Code that the foregoing Agreement between you and the Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign to the Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using the Company's equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: 
    
  1.        Relate  at the  time  of conception  or reduction  to practice  of the  invention  to the  Company's business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company; 
    
  2.       Result from any work performed by you for the Company. 
    
  To the  extent a provision  in the foregoing  Agreement purports  to require  you to assign  an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 
    
  This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between the Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring  full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 
    
  I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT  of a copy of this notification. 
                                           
                 By: 
    JOHN MORICI 
        
    (PRINTED NAME OF EMPLOYEE) 

Date 
    November 3, 2016 

WITNESSED BY: 
        
      (PRINTED NAME OF REPRESENTATIVE) 

A-19 

EXHIBIT B 
                 TO: 
    ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. 
      FROM: 
    JOHN MORICI 
      DATE: 
    November 3, 2016 
      SUBJECT 
    Previous Inventions 

20 

1.     Except  as listed in  Section  2 below,  the  following  is a complete  list  of all inventions  or improvements  relevant  to the subject matter  of my employment  by ALIGN  TECHNOLOGY,  INC.  (the "  Company  ")  that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice  by me alone or jointly w  i  th others prior to my engagement by the Company: 
    
     No inventions or improvements. 
     See below: 

Additional sheets attached. 
    
  2.     Due to a prior  confidentiality  agreement  ,    I cannot complete the disclosure under  Section 1 above with respect to inventions or improvements  generally listed below, the proprietary rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to the following party(ies): 
    
  Invention or Improvement        Party(ies)                Relationship 
  1.                                                         
  2.                                                         
  3.                                                         
      Additional sheets attached. 

Firmwide:99913069.1 999999.1384  

21 

EXHIBIT C 
    
  SECTION  7 OF THE DEFEND  TRADE  SECRETS  ACT OF 2016 
    
  "   ...     An individual  shall not be held criminally  or civilly liable under any Fede  r  al or State trade secret law for the  disclosure  of a trade  secret that--{A)  is made--{i)   in confidence  to a Federal  ,   State, or local government  official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting   or investigating  a suspected violation of law;  or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. .    .    .   An individual  who files a lawsuit for retaliation  by an employer for reporting  a suspected violation  of law  may  disclose  the  trade  secret  to  the  attorney  of  the  individual  and  use  the  trade  secret information  in the court proceeding, if the individual-:{A)   files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order." 
  
   22 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 algn-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Joseph M. Hogan, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Align Technology, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 8, 2016    

/s/ JOSEPH M. HOGAN 
      Joseph M. Hogan 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 algn-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, David L. White, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Align Technology, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 8, 2016    

/s/ DAVID L. WHITE 
      David L. White 
      Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 algn-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Joseph M. Hogan, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Align Technology, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Align Technology, Inc. 

By: 
    /S/    JOSEPH M. HOGAN 
      Name: 
    Joseph M. Hogan 
      Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
  I, David L. White, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Align Technology, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Align Technology, Inc. 

By: 
    /S/   DAVID L. WHITE 
      Name: 
    David L. White 
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 algn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 algn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 algn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 algn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 algn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 algn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

