<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_879526_0001144204-16-129214_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4656228</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120933</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253022</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1308499</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2085039</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>776937</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>70</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129214.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024170428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129214
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WABASH NATIONAL CORP /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000879526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK TRAILERS [3715]
		IRS NUMBER:				521375208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10883
		FILM NUMBER:		161948682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 SAGAMORE PARKWAY SOUTH
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47905
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7657715310

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 SAGAMORE PARKWAY SOUTH
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47905

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129214.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 v450622_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the transition period from _________
to _________ 

Commission File Number:  1-10883  

WABASH
NATIONAL CORPORATION   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: (765) 771-5300  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x 
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x 
No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  x  
     Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes    
No  x  

The number of shares of common
stock outstanding at October 20, 2016 was  62,035,806 .  

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

INDEX  

FORM 10-Q  

Page   
 
     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   
     23  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks   
      39   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      40   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      40   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      40   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      41   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      41   

Signature   
      41   

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

 (Dollars in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Condensed Consolidated Statements. 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

 (Dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Condensed Consolidated Statements. 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Condensed Consolidated Statements. 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (Dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Condensed Consolidated Statements. 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1.    BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

The condensed consolidated
financial statements of Wabash National Corporation (the  Company ) have been prepared without audit, pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed
or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements contain all material adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the consolidated
financial position of the Company, its results of operations and cash flows. Certain prior year amounts were reclassified for consistency
with the current period presentation. These reclassifications did not materially impact the consolidated financial statements.
The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

2.    INVENTORIES    

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost,
primarily determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, or market. The cost of manufactured inventory includes raw material,
labor and overhead. Inventories consist of the following (in thousands): 

Long-term debt consists
of the following (in thousands): 

Convertible Senior
Notes  

In April 2012, the
Company issued Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (the  Notes ) with an aggregate principal amount of $150 million in
a public offering. The Notes bear interest at the rate of 3.375% per annum from the date of issuance, payable semi-annually on
May 1 and November 1. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company ranking equally with its existing and future senior
unsecured debt. 

The Notes are convertible
by their holders into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or any combination thereof at the Company s election,
at an initial conversion rate of 85.4372 shares of the Company s common stock per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes, which
is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately $11.70 per share, only under the following circumstances: (A) before November
1, 2017 (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2012 (and only during such calendar
quarter), if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during
a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater
than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any
five consecutive trading day period (the  measurement period ) in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture
for the Notes) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product
of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; and (3) upon
the occurrence of specified corporate events as described in the indenture for the Notes; and (B) at any time on or after November
1, 2017 until the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. As of September 30, 2016,
the Notes were not convertible based on the above criteria. If the Notes outstanding at September 30, 2016 were converted as of
September 30, 2016, the if-converted value would exceed the principal amount by approximately $21 million. 

It is the Company s
intent to settle conversions through a net share settlement, which involves repayment of cash for the principal portion and delivery
of shares of common stock for the excess of the conversion value over the principal portion. The Company used the net proceeds
of $145.1 million from the sale of the Notes to fund a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition of Walker Group Holdings
( Walker ) in May 2012. 

The Company accounts
separately for the liability and equity components of the Notes in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt
instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance required the carrying amount of the liability component to
be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature. The Company
determined that senior, unsecured corporate bonds traded on the market represent a similar liability to the Notes without the conversion
option. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry
and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of the Notes to be 7.0%, assuming no conversion option.
Assumptions used in the estimate represent what market participants would use in pricing the liability component, including market
interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs (as defined below). The
estimated implied interest rate was applied to the Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of $123.8 million
upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the $150.0 million aggregate principal amount.
The $21.7 million difference between the cash proceeds before offering expenses of $145.5 million and the estimated fair value
of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital. The discount on the liability portion of the Notes is being
amortized over the life of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. 

In December 2015, the
Company executed agreements with existing holders of the Notes to repurchase $54.2 million in principal amount of such Notes, of
which $19.0 million was acquired in that month for $22.9 million, excluding accrued interest. The remaining $35.2 million in principal
amount of the Notes was acquired in February 2016 for $42.1 million, excluding accrued interest. The Company recognized a loss
on debt extinguishment of $0.5 million from the February 2016 repurchase, which is included in  Other, net  on the Company s
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company applies
the treasury stock method in calculating the dilutive impact of the Notes. For the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016, the Notes had a dilutive impact. 

The following table
summarizes information about the equity and liability components of the Notes (dollars in thousands). 

Contractual coupon
interest expense and accretion of discount and fees on the liability component for the Notes for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follow (in thousands): 

Revolving Credit
Agreement  

In June 2015, the Company
entered into a Joinder and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, First Amendment to Amended and Restated Security
Agreement and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement (the  Amendment ) by and among the Company,
certain of its subsidiaries designated as Loan Parties (as defined in the Amendment), Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as arranger
and administrative agent (the  Agent ), and the other lenders party thereto. The Amendment amends, among other things,
the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ), dated as of May 8, 2012, among the
Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (together with the Company, the  Borrowers ),
the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and the Agent and provides for, among other things, a five year, $175 million
senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ). 

The Amendment, among
other things, (i) increases the total commitments under the Credit Facility from $150 million to $175 million, and (ii) extends
the maturity date of the Credit Facility from May 2017 to June 2020, but provides for an accelerated maturity in the event the
Company s outstanding Notes are not converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full on or before the date that is
121 days prior to the maturity date thereof and the Company is not then maintaining, and continues to maintain until the Notes
are converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full, (x) Liquidity of at least $125 million and (y) availability under the
Credit Facility of at least $25 million. Liquidity, as defined in the Credit Agreement, reflects the difference between (i) the
sum of (A) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and (B) availability under the Credit Facility and (ii) the amount necessary
to fully redeem the Notes. 

In addition, the Amendment
(i) provides that borrowings under the Credit Facility will bear interest, at the Borrowers  election, at (x) LIBOR plus
a margin ranging from 150 basis points to 200 basis points (in lieu of the previous range from 175 basis points to 225 basis points),
or (y) a base rate plus a margin ranging from 50 basis points to 100 basis points (in lieu of the previous range from 75 basis
points to 125 basis points), in each case, based upon the monthly average excess availability under the Credit Facility, (ii) provides
that the monthly unused line fee shall be equal to 25 basis points (which amount was previously 37.5 basis points) times the average
unused availability under the Credit Facility, (iii) provides that if availability under the Credit Facility is less than 12.5%
(which threshold was previously 15%) of the total commitment under the Credit Facility or if there exists an event of default,
amounts in any of the Borrowers  and the subsidiary guarantors  deposit accounts (other than certain excluded accounts)
will be transferred daily into a blocked account held by the Agent and applied to reduce the outstanding amounts under the Credit
Facility, (iv) provides that the Company will be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.1
to 1.0 as of the end of any period of 12 fiscal months when excess availability under the Credit Facility is less than 10% (which
threshold was previously 12.5%) of the total commitment under the Credit Facility and (v) amends certain negative covenants in
the Credit Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement
is guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries (the  Revolver Guarantors ) and is secured by (i) first
priority security interests (subject only to customary permitted liens and certain other permitted liens) in substantially all
personal property of the Borrowers and the Revolver Guarantors, consisting of accounts receivable, inventory, cash, deposit and
securities accounts and any cash or other assets in such accounts and, to the extent evidencing or otherwise related to such property,
all general intangibles, licenses, intercompany debt, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, chattel paper, instruments,
supporting obligations, documents and payment intangibles (collectively, the  Revolver Priority Collateral ), and (ii)
second-priority liens on and security interests in (subject only to the liens securing the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as defined
below), customary permitted liens and certain other permitted liens) (A) equity interests of each direct subsidiary held by the
Borrower and each Revolver Guarantor (subject to customary limitations in the case of the equity of foreign subsidiaries), and
(B) substantially all other tangible and intangible assets of the Borrowers and the Revolver Guarantors including equipment, general
intangibles, intercompany notes, insurance policies, investment property, intellectual property and material owned real property
(in each case, except to the extent constituting Revolver Priority Collateral) (collectively, the  Term Priority Collateral ).
The respective priorities of the security interests securing the Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Credit Agreement are governed
by an Intercreditor Agreement between the Revolver Agent and the Term Agent (as defined below) (the  Intercreditor Agreement ). 

Subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the covenants under the Credit Agreement are breached, the lenders may, subject to various customary
cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral. Other customary events of default
in the Credit Agreement include, without limitation, failure to pay obligations when due, initiation of insolvency proceedings,
defaults on certain other indebtedness, and the incurrence of certain judgments that are not stayed, satisfied, bonded or discharged
within 30 days. 

As of September 30,
2016 the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement and was in compliance with all covenants. The Company s
liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity on the Credit Facility, amounted to $359.0 million
as of September 30, 2016. 

Term Loan Credit
Agreement  

In May 2012, the Company
entered into a credit agreement among the Company, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding,
Inc., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner (the  Term Agent ), and Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner (the  Term Loan Credit Agreement ), which initially provided, among
other things, for a senior secured term loan facility of $300 million. Also in May 2012, certain of the Company s subsidiaries
(the  Term Guarantors ) entered into a general continuing guarantee of the Company s obligations under the Term
Loan Credit Agreement in favor of the Term Agent (the  Term Guarantee ). 

In April 2013, the
Company entered into Amendment No.1 to Credit Agreement (the  Amendment No. 1 ), which became effective on May 9, 2013.
As of the Amendment No. 1 date, there was $297.0 million of term loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement (the  Initial
Loans ), of which the Company paid $20.0 million in connection with Amendment No. 1. Under Amendment No. 1, the lenders agreed
to provide to the Company term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $277.0 million, which were exchanged for and used to refinance
the Initial Loans (the  Tranche B-1 Loans ). 

In March 2015, the
Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement ( Amendment No. 2 ). As of the Amendment No. 2 date, there
was $192.8 million of the Tranche B-1 Loans outstanding. Under Amendment No. 2, the lenders agreed to provide to the Company term
loans in an aggregate principal amount of $192.8 million (the  Tranche B-2 Loans ), which were used to refinance the
outstanding Tranche B-1 Loans. The Tranche B-2 Loans mature in March 2022, but provide for an accelerated maturity in the event
the Company s outstanding Notes are not converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full on or before the date that
is 91 days prior to the maturity date thereof and the Company is not then maintaining, and continues to maintain until the Notes
are converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full, liquidity of at least $125 million. Liquidity, as defined in the Term
Loan Credit Agreement, reflects the difference between (i) the sum of (A) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and (B) the amount
available and permitted to be drawn under the Company s existing Credit Agreement and (ii) the amount necessary to fully
redeem the Notes. The Tranche B-2 Loans shall amortize in equal quarterly installments in aggregate amounts equal to 0.25% of the
original principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Loans, with the balance payable at maturity, and will bear interest at a rate, at
the Company s election, equal to (i) LIBOR (subject to a floor of 1.00%) plus a margin of 3.25% or (ii) a base rate plus
a margin of 2.25%. 

Amendment No. 2 also
amends the Term Loan Credit Agreement by (i) removing the maximum senior secured leverage ratio test, (ii) modifying the accordion
feature, as described in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, to provide for a senior secured incremental term loan facility in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the greater of (A) $75 million (less the aggregate amount of (1) any increases in the maximum revolver amount
under the Company s existing Credit Agreement and (2) certain permitted indebtedness incurred for the purpose of prepaying
or repurchasing the Notes) and (B) an amount such that the senior secured leverage ratio would not be greater than 3.0 to 1.0,
subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, to provide such increased amounts. The senior secured leverage ratio is defined in the Term Loan
Credit Agreement and reflects a ratio of consolidated net total secured indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA and (iii) amending
certain negative covenants. 

The Term Loan Credit
Agreement, as amended, is guaranteed by the Term Guarantors and is secured by (i) first-priority liens on and security interests
in the Term Priority Collateral, and (ii) second-priority security interests in the Revolver Priority Collateral. In addition,
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, contains customary covenants limiting the Company s ability to, among other things,
pay cash dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve,
pay off subordinated indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. 

Subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the covenants under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, are breached, the lenders may,
subject to various customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral.
Other customary events of default in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, include, without limitation, failure to pay obligations
when due, initiation of insolvency proceedings, defaults on certain other indebtedness, and the incurrence of certain judgments
that are not stayed, satisfied, bonded or discharged within 60 days. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, under the Term Loan Credit Agreement the Company paid interest of $6.2 million and $7.1 million,
respectively, and principal of $1.4 million and $1.0 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $190.0 million
outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, of which $1.9 million was classified as current on the Company s Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred charges of approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, for
amortization of fees and original issuance discount which is included in  Interest Expense  in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

4.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    

The Company s
fair value measurements are based upon a three-level valuation hierarchy. These valuation techniques are based upon the transparency
of inputs (observable and unobservable) to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Observable inputs
reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions.
These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: 

Level 1   Valuation is based on quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets;   

Level 2   Valuation is based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets, or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for the full term of the
financial instrument; and   

Level 3   Valuation is based upon other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair
value measurement.   

Recurring Fair Value
Measurements  

The Company maintains
a non-qualified deferred compensation plan which is offered to senior management and other key employees. The amount owed to participants
is an unfunded and unsecured general obligation of the Company. Participants are offered various investment options with which
to invest the amount owed to them, and the plan administrator maintains a record of the liability owed to participants by investment.
To minimize the impact of the change in market value of this liability, the Company has elected to purchase a separate portfolio
of investments through the plan administrator similar to those chosen by the participant. 

The investments purchased
by the Company (asset) include mutual funds, $1.8 million of which are classified as Level 1, and life-insurance contracts valued
based on the performance of underlying mutual funds, $10.3 million of which are classified as Level 2. 

Nonrecurring Fair
Value Measurements  

Certain nonfinancial
assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and are subject to fair value adjustments in certain
circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. 

The Company reviews
for goodwill impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable.
The fair value of the reporting units is determined using the income approach. The income approach focuses on the income-producing
capability of an asset, measuring the current value of the asset by calculating the present value of its future economic benefits
such as cash earnings, cost savings, corporate tax structure and product offerings. Value indications are developed by discounting
expected cash flows to their present value at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for the use of funds, the expected
rate of inflation and risks associated with the reporting unit. These assets would generally be classified within Level 3, in the
event that the Company were required to measure and record such assets at fair value within its unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

The Company periodically
evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used, including definite-lived intangible assets and property
plant and equipment, when events or circumstances warrant such a review. Fair value is determined primarily using anticipated cash
flows assumed by a market participant discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved and these assets would generally
be classified within Level 3, in the event that the Company were required to measure and record such assets at fair value within
its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Assets and liabilities
acquired in business combinations are recorded at their fair value as of the date of acquisition. 

The carrying amounts
of accounts receivable and accounts payable reported in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value. 

Estimated Fair Value
of Debt  

The estimated fair
value of long-term debt at September 30, 2016 consists primarily of the Notes and borrowings under the Term Loan Credit Agreement
(see Note 3). The fair value of the Notes, the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the Credit Facility are based upon third party pricing
sources, which generally do not represent daily market activity or represent data obtained from an exchange, and are classified
as Level 2. The interest rates on the Company s borrowings under the Credit Facility are adjusted regularly to reflect current
market rates and thus carrying value approximates fair value for these borrowings. All other debt and capital lease obligations
approximate their fair value as determined by discounted cash flows and are classified as Level 3. 

The Company s
carrying and estimated fair value of debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

5.    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION    

The Company recognizes
all share-based payments based upon their fair value. The Company values stock option awards using a binomial option-pricing model,
which incorporates various assumptions including expected volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rates.
The expected volatility is based upon the Company s historical experience. The expected term represents the period of time
that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate utilized for periods throughout the contractual
life of the options are based upon U.S. Treasury security yields at the time of grant. The Company grants restricted stock units
subject to service, performance and/or market conditions. The Company s policy is to recognize expense for awards that have
service conditions only subject to graded vesting using the straight-line attribution method. The fair value of service and performance
based units is based on the market price of a share of underlying common stock at the date of grant. The fair value of the market
based units is based on a lattice valuation model. The amount of compensation costs related to stock options, restricted stock
units and performance units not yet recognized was $14.3 million at September 30, 2016 for which the expense will be recognized
through 2019. 

6.    CONTINGENCIES    

The Company is involved
in a number of legal proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its business activities, and is periodically
subject to governmental examinations (including by regulatory and tax authorities), and information gathering requests (collectively,
 governmental examinations ). As of September 30, 2016, the Company was named as a defendant or was otherwise involved
in numerous legal proceedings and governmental examinations in various jurisdictions, both in the United States and internationally. 

The Company has recorded
liabilities for certain of its outstanding legal proceedings and governmental examinations. A liability is accrued when it is both
(a) probable that a loss with respect to the legal proceeding has occurred and (b) the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
The Company evaluates, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings and governmental examinations that could cause an
increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been previously accrued. These legal proceedings, as well as governmental
examinations, involve various lines of business of the Company and a variety of claims (including, but not limited to, common law
tort, contract, antitrust and consumer protection claims), some of which present novel factual allegations and/or unique legal
theories. While some matters pending against the Company specify the damages claimed by the plaintiff, many seek a not-yet-quantified
amount of damages or are at very early stages of the legal process. Even when the amount of damages claimed against the Company
are stated, the claimed amount may be exaggerated and/or unsupported. As a result, it is not currently possible to estimate a range
of possible loss beyond previously accrued liabilities relating to some matters including those described below. Such previously
accrued liabilities may not represent the Company's maximum loss exposure. The legal proceedings and governmental examinations
underlying the estimated range will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the currently accrued
liabilities. 

Based on its current
knowledge, and taking into consideration its litigation-related liabilities, the Company believes it is not a party to, nor are
any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal proceeding or governmental examination other than the matters below, which
are addressed individually, that would have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition or liquidity
if determined in a manner adverse to the Company. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters, the ultimate
outcome of a particular matter could be material to the Company's operating results for a particular period depending on, among
other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of the Company's income for that period. Costs associated
with the litigation and settlements of legal matters are reported within  General and Administrative Expenses  in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Brazil Joint Venture  

In March 2001, Bernard
Krone Ind stria e Com rcio de M quinas Agr colas Ltda. ( BK ) filed suit against the Company
in the Fourth Civil Court of Curitiba in the State of Paran , Brazil. Because of the bankruptcy of BK, this proceeding is
now pending before the Second Civil Court of Bankruptcies and Creditors Reorganization of Curitiba, State of Paran  (No.
232/99). 

The case grows out
of a joint venture agreement between BK and the Company related to marketing of RoadRailer trailers in Brazil and other areas of
South America. When BK was placed into the Brazilian equivalent of bankruptcy late in 2000, the joint venture was dissolved. BK
subsequently filed its lawsuit against the Company alleging that it was forced to terminate business with other companies because
of the exclusivity and non-compete clauses purportedly found in the joint venture agreement. BK asserted damages, exclusive of
any potentially court-imposed interest or inflation adjustments, of approximately R$20.8 million (Brazilian Reais). BK did not
change the amount of damages it asserted following its filing of the case in 2001. 

A bench (non-jury)
trial was held on March 30, 2010 in Curitiba, Paran , Brazil. On November 22, 2011, the Fourth Civil Court of Curitiba partially
granted BK s claims, and ordered Wabash to pay BK lost profits, compensatory, economic and moral damages in excess of the
amount of compensatory damages asserted by BK. The total ordered damages amount was approximately R$26.7 million (Brazilian Reais),
which was approximately $8.2 million U.S. dollars using current exchange rates and exclusive of any potentially court-imposed interest,
fees or inflation adjustments. On October 5, 2016, the Court of Appeals re-heard all facts and legal questions presented in the
case, and ruled in favor of the Company on all claims at issue. In doing so, the Court of Appeals dismissed all claims against
the Company and vacated the judgment and damages amounts previously ordered by the Fourth Civil Court of Curitiba. The ruling of
the Court of Appeals may be appealed to a higher court by BK, but unless BK appeals the ruling and a higher court finds in favor
of BK on any of its claims, the judgment of the Court of Appeals is final. Once the ruling is certified by the Court of Appeals,
BK will have 15 days to file for further appeal, otherwise the judgment is final. As a result of the Court of Appeals ruling, the
Company does not expect that this proceeding will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations;
however, it will continue to monitor these legal proceedings in the event BK were to further appeal the ruling of the Court of
Appeals. 

Intellectual Property  

In October 2006, the
Company filed a patent infringement suit against Vanguard National Corporation ( Vanguard ) regarding the Company s
U.S. Patent Nos. 6,986,546 and 6,220,651 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana (Civil Action No. 4:06-cv-135).
The Company amended the Complaint in April 2007. In May 2007, Vanguard filed its Answer to the Amended Complaint, along with Counterclaims
seeking findings of non-infringement, invalidity, and unenforceability of the subject patents. The Company filed a reply to Vanguard s
counterclaims in May 2007, denying any wrongdoing or merit to the allegations as set forth in the counterclaims. The case has currently
been stayed by agreement of the parties while the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( Patent Office ) undertakes a reexamination
of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,986,546. In June 2010, the Patent Office notified the Company that the reexamination is complete and the
Patent Office has reissued U.S. Patent No. 6,986,546 without cancelling any claims of the patent. The parties have not yet petitioned
the Court to lift the stay, and it is unknown at this time when the parties  petition to lift the stay may be filed or granted. 

The Company believes
that its claims against Vanguard have merit and that the claims asserted by Vanguard are without merit. The Company intends to
vigorously defend its position and intellectual property. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this lawsuit will
have a material adverse effect on its financial position, liquidity or future results of operations. However, at this stage of
the proceeding, no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of the case. 

Walker Acquisition  

In connection with
the Company s acquisition of Walker in May 2012, there is an outstanding claim of approximately $2.9 million for unpaid benefits
that is currently in dispute and that, if required to be paid by the Company, is not expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial condition or results of operations 

Environmental Disputes  

In August 2014, the
Company was noticed as a potentially responsible party ( PRP ) by the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental
Control ( DHEC ) pertaining to the Philip Services Site located in Rock Hill, South Carolina pursuant to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) and corresponding South Carolina statutes. PRPs include
parties identified through manifest records as having contributed to deliveries of hazardous substances to the Philip Services
Site between 1979 and 1999. The DHEC s allegation that the Company was a PRP arises out of four manifest entries in 1989
under the name of a company unaffiliated with Wabash National (or any of its former or current subsidiaries) that purport to be
delivering a de minimis amount of hazardous waste to the Philip Services Site  c/o Wabash National Corporation.  As
such, the Philip Services Site PRP Group ( PRP Group ) notified Wabash in August 2014 that is was offering the Company
the opportunity to resolve any liabilities associated with the Philip Services Site by entering into a Cash Out and Reopener Settlement
Agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with the PRP Group, as well as a Consent Decree with the DHEC. The Company has
accepted the offer from the PRP Group to enter into the Settlement Agreement and Consent Decree, while reserving its rights to
contest its liability for any deliveries of hazardous materials to the Philips Services Site. The requested settlement payment
is immaterial to the Company s financial conditions or operations, and as a result, if the Settlement Agreement and Consent
Decree are finalized, the payment to be made by the Company thereunder is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Bulk Tank International,
S. de R.L. de C.V. ( Bulk ) entered into agreements in 2011 with the Mexican federal environmental agency, PROFEPA,
and the applicable state environmental agency, PROPAEG, pursuant to PROFEPA s and PROPAEG s respective environmental
audit programs to resolve noncompliance with federal and state environmental laws at Bulk s Guanajuato facility. Bulk completed
all required corrective actions and received a Certification of Clean Industry from PROPAEG, and is seeking the same certification
from PROFEPA, which the Company expects it will receive in 2016, following the conclusion of a final audit process that commenced
in December 2014. As a result, the Company does not expect that this matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial
condition or results of operations. 

In January 2012, the
Company was noticed as a PRP by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Louisiana Department of Environmental
Quality ( LDEQ ) pertaining to the Marine Shale Processors Site located in Amelia, Louisiana ( MSP Site )
pursuant to CERCLA and corresponding Louisiana statutes. PRPs include current and former owners and operators of facilities at
which hazardous substances were allegedly disposed. The EPA s allegation that the Company is a PRP arises out of one alleged
shipment of waste to the MSP Site in 1992 from the Company s branch facility in Dallas, Texas. As such, the MSP Site PRP
Group notified the Company in January 2012 that, as a result of a March 18, 2009 Cooperative Agreement for Site Investigation and
Remediation entered into between the MSP Site PRP Group and the LDEQ, the Company was being offered a  De Minimis Cash-Out
Settlement  to contribute to the remediation costs, which would remain open until February 29, 2012. The Company chose not
to enter into the settlement and has denied any liability. Following the Company s presentation of evidence demonstrating
that the Company acquired this branch facility five years after the alleged shipment as part of the assets the Company acquired
out of the Fruehauf Trailer Corporation bankruptcy (Case No. 96-1563, United States Bankruptcy Court, District of Delaware), the
MSP Site PRP Group presented the Company with a new, and lower, settlement offer for less than $0.1 million. The Company accepted
the settlement offer and executed a settlement agreement on September 20, 2016, without admitting any liability for the allegations
raised by the EPA. As a result, the Company considers this matter resolved in full. 

In September 2003,
the Company was noticed as a PRP by the EPA pertaining to the Motorola 52nd Street, Phoenix, Arizona Superfund Site (the  Superfund
Site ) pursuant to CERCLA. The EPA s allegation that the Company was a PRP arises out of the Company s acquisition
of a former branch facility located approximately five miles from the original Superfund Site. The Company acquired this facility
in 1997, operated the facility until 2000, and sold the facility to a third party in 2002. In June 2010, the Company was contacted
by the Roosevelt Irrigation District ( RID ) informing it that the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality ( ADEQ )
had approved a remediation plan in excess of $100 million for the RID portion of the Superfund Site, and demanded that the Company
contribute to the cost of the plan or be named as a defendant in a CERCLA action to be filed in July 2010. The Company initiated
settlement discussions with the RID and the ADEQ in July 2010 to provide a full release from the RID, and a covenant not-to-sue
and contribution protection regarding the former branch property from the ADEQ, in exchange for payment from the Company. In May
2016, the Company, the ADEQ and the RID executed the originally proposed settlement agreements and, following a statutorily required
30-day public comment period, the settlement agreements were finalized and the Company paid $0.2 million, which had been accrued
by the Company since 2010. As a result, the Company considers this matter resolved in full. 

In January 2006, the
Company received a letter from the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources indicating that a site that the
Company formerly owned near Charlotte, North Carolina has been included on the state's October 2005 Inactive Hazardous Waste Sites
Priority List. The letter states that the Company was being notified in fulfillment of the state's  statutory duty 
to notify those who own and those who at present are known to be responsible for each Site on the Priority List. Following receipt
of this notice, no action has ever been requested from the Company, and since 2006 the Company has not received any further communications
regarding this matter from the state of North Carolina. The Company does not expect that this designation will have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 

7.    NET INCOME PER SHARE    

Per share results have
been calculated based on the average number of common shares outstanding. The calculation of basic and diluted net income per share
is determined using net income applicable to common stockholders as the numerator and the number of shares included in the denominator
as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Average diluted shares
outstanding for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 exclude options to purchase common shares totaling
426 and 759, respectively, and 556 and 636, respectively, because the exercise prices were greater than the average market price
of the common shares. In addition, the calculation of diluted net income per share for the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 includes the impact of the Company s Notes as the average stock price of the Company s common stock
during these periods was above the initial conversion price of approximately $11.70 per share. 

8.    INCOME TAXES    

The Company recognized
income tax expense of $53.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $42.4 million for the same period in the prior
year. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 were 35.8% and 37.4%, respectively. These effective tax
rates differ from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state and local taxes and the benefit of
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code domestic manufacturing deduction. The effective tax rate for the nine month period ending September
30, 2016 includes a tax benefit from the repurchase of the Notes (see Note 3) as well as research   development tax credits. 

9.    OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES    

The following table
presents major components of  Other Accrued Liabilities  (in thousands): 

The following table
presents the changes in the product warranty accrual included in  Other Accrued Liabilities  (in thousands): 

The Company offers
a limited warranty for its products with a coverage period that ranges between one and five years, except that the coverage period
for DuraPlate    trailer panels is ten years. The Company passes through component manufacturers  warranties
to our customers. The Company s policy is to accrue the estimated cost of warranty coverage at the time of the sale. 

a. Segment Reporting   

During the second quarter
of 2016, the Company realigned its reporting segments and, as a result, the businesses previously operating within the former retail
segment are now reported under either Commercial Trailer Products or Diversified Products in effort to strengthen the alignment
between the Company s manufacturing businesses and its retail sales and service operations, improve profitability and capitalize
on growth opportunities. Additionally, the Company performed an analysis to determine the allocations of goodwill and test for
impairment. Based on this analysis, the Company determined that the portion of goodwill allocated to the retail branch operations
was impaired as the fair value of the reporting unit did not exceed its carrying value resulting in an impairment charge of $1.7
million in the second quarter of 2016 for the Commercial Trailer Products reporting segment. 

As a result of the
realignment of reporting segments, the Company now manages its business in two segments: Commercial Trailer Products and Diversified
Products. The Commercial Trailer Products segment manufacturers standard and customized van and platform trailers, truck bodies
and other transportation related equipment to customers who purchase directly from the Company, through independent dealers or
Company owned branch locations through which the Company offers additional service and support. The Diversified Products segment,
comprised of four strategic business units including, Tank Trailer, Aviation   Truck Equipment, Process Systems and Composites,
focuses on the Company s commitment to expand its customer base, diversify its product offerings and revenues and extend
its market leadership by leveraging its proprietary DuraPlate    panel technology, drawing on its core manufacturing
expertise and making available products that are complementary to truck and tank trailers and transportation equipment. Financial
performance for each of the Company s reporting segments below has been restated to reflect the realignment. 

The Company has not
allocated certain corporate related administrative costs, interest and income taxes included in the corporate and eliminations
segment to the Company s other reportable segments. The Company accounts for intersegment sales and transfers at cost plus
a specified mark-up. Reportable segment information is as follows (in thousands): 

b. Product Information   

The Company offers
products primarily in four general categories: (1) new trailers, (2) used trailers, (3) components, parts and service and (4) equipment
and other. The following table sets forth the major product categories and their percentage of consolidated net sales (dollars
in thousands): 

11.    NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 605,  Revenue Recognition . This ASU is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the
transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. Furthermore, in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The amendments in this update are intended to improve the operability and understandability
of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The effective date of these standards will be the first
quarter of fiscal year 2018 using one of two retrospective application methods. The Company is currently assessing the potential
impact of the adoption on its financial statements and related disclosures and has not yet decided on a transition method. 

In August 2014, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern , which requires management to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and provide related footnote
disclosures. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The standard allows for either a full retrospective
or modified retrospective transition method. The Company does not expect this standard to have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements upon adoption. 

In July 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory .  This ASU, which applies to inventory that is measured
using any method other than the last-in, first-out (LIFO) or retail inventory method, requires that entities measure inventory
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016 and should be applied on a prospective basis. The Company is currently assessing the potential
impact of adopting this guidance, but does not, at this time, anticipate a material impact to its consolidated results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

In November 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  This amendment changes
how deferred taxes are recognized by eliminating the requirement of presenting deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and
noncurrent on the balance sheet. Instead, the requirement will be to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent.
ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that
reporting period, with earlier adoption permitted. ASU 2015-17 can be adopted either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods
presented. The Company has adopted ASU 2015-17 prospectively beginning with the first quarter of 2016 and deferred income taxes
are now presented as non-current items. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . This update requires lessees to recognize, on the balance sheet, assets and
liabilities for the rights and obligations created by leases of greater than twelve months.  Leases will be classified as
either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.  This
guidance will be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition method is required. 
The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. 
This update simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  This guidance will be effective
for the Company as of January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on
its consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT S
                                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report
of Wabash National Corporation (the  Company,   Wabash  or  we ) contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements may include the words  may,   will, 
 estimate,   intend,   continue,   believe,   expect,   plan 
or  anticipate  and other similar words. Our  forward-looking statements  include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding: 

our business plan;   

our expected revenues, income or loss;   

our ability to manage our indebtedness;   

our strategic plan and plans for future operations;   

financing needs, plans and liquidity, including for working capital and capital expenditures;   

our ability to achieve sustained profitability;   

reliance on certain customers and corporate relationships;   

availability and pricing of raw materials;   

availability of capital and financing;   

dependence on industry trends;   

the outcome of any pending litigation or notice of environmental dispute;   

export sales and new markets;   

engineering and manufacturing capabilities and capacity;   

acceptance of new technology and products;   

government regulation; and   

assumptions relating to the foregoing.   

Although we believe
that the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those
projected or assumed in our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any
forward-looking statements, are subject to change and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed
in this Quarterly Report. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations
include the factors that are disclosed in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. Each forward-looking statement contained in this Quarterly Report reflects our management s view only as of the date
on which that forward-looking statement was made. We are not obligated to update forward-looking statements or publicly release
the result of any revisions to them to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following table
sets forth certain operating data as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated: 

For the three and nine
month period ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net sales of $464.3 million and $1,383.4 million, respectively, compared to
$531.4 million and $1,483.8 million, respectively, in the prior year periods. Net sales for the three month period ended September
30, 2016 decreased $67.1 million, or 12.6%, compared to the prior year period, due primarily to a decrease in new trailer shipments
of approximately 1,050 units, or 6.4%, decreases in used trailer shipments of approximately 250 units, or 50%, as well as lower
volumes of our composite products and non-trailer related equipment. In spite of lower volumes, gross profit margin increased 180
basis points to 18.0% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 16.2% in the prior year period driven by improved pricing, favorable
material costs and continued manufacturing efficiencies. We continue to be encouraged by the strong demand within the dry and refrigerated
trailer segment throughout the first nine months of 2016, and our expectation is that overall industry shipment and production
levels will remain above replacement demand levels for the remainder of 2016 and 2017 as many key structural and market drivers
continue to support healthy demand for new trailers. While we do expect to see some decrease in trailer volumes from the current
levels, we believe the demand environment will remain healthy into 2017 as fleet age, regulatory compliance requirements and customer
profitability all continue to support healthy trailer demand above replacement levels. Additionally, we expect to continue efforts
to drive productivity improvements throughout the business and develop growth opportunities through new product introductions and
market expansion opportunities in order to grow revenues and margins as well as capitalize on macro growth trends. 

For the three month
period ended September 30, 2016, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $0.7 million as compared to the same period
in 2015 primarily due to lower employee related costs, including employee incentive programs. As a percentage of net sales, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased to 5.1% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 4.6% in the prior year period. 

During the second quarter
of 2016, we realigned our reporting segments and, as a result, the businesses previously operating within the former retail segment
are now reported under either Commercial Trailer Products or Diversified Products in effort to strengthen the alignment between
the our manufacturing businesses and the retail sales and service operations, improve profitability and capitalize on growth opportunities.
As a result of the realignment of reporting segments, we now manage our business in two segments: Commercial Trailer Products and
Diversified Products. The Commercial Trailer Products segment manufactures standard and customized van and platform trailers,
truck bodies and other transportation related equipment to customers who purchase directly from us, through independent dealers
or Company owned branch locations in which we also provide service and support capabilities. The Diversified Products segment,
comprised of four strategic business units including, Tank Trailer, Aviation   Truck Equipment, Process Systems and Composites,
focuses on our commitment to expand our customer base and diversify our product offerings and revenues. The Diversified Products
segment also seeks to extend our market leadership by leveraging the proprietary DuraPlate    panel technology, drawing
on our core manufacturing expertise and making available products that are complementary to truck and tank trailers and transportation
equipment. The prior year financial performance for each of our reporting segments below has been restated to reflect the realignment. 

Our management team continues to be focused
on increasing overall shareholder value by optimizing our manufacturing operations to match the current demand environment, implementing
cost savings initiatives and lean manufacturing techniques, strengthening our capital structure, developing innovative products
that enable our customers to succeed, improving earnings and continuing diversification of the business into higher margin, less
cyclical opportunities that leverage our intellectual and process capabilities. 

Three Months Ended September 30,
2016   

Net Sales 

Net sales in the third
quarter of 2016 decreased $67.1 million, or 12.6%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. By business segment, prior to the elimination
of intercompany sales, sales and related units sold were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial Trailer
Products segment sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales were $380.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, a decrease
of $25.9 million, or 6.4%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. Trailers shipped during the third quarter of 2016 totaled 14,900
trailers compared to 15,500 trailers in the prior year period, a 3.9% decrease. The decrease in trailer shipments as well as an
approximate 1.0% decrease in the average selling price of trailers due to product mix as compared to the prior year period primarily
drove the decrease in sales. Used trailer sales decreased $5.5 million, or 65.4%, compared to the prior year period primarily due
to decreased availability of used trailers as 250 fewer used trailers were shipped in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
prior year period. Parts and service sales decreased $2.0 million, or 12.6%, compared to the prior year period primarily due to
fewer retail branch locations resulting from the transition of our Phoenix, Arizona branch to an independent dealer in July 2016. 

Diversified Products
segment sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales were $87.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, down $40.3 million,
or 31.6%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. New trailer sales decreased $32.1 million, or 49.8%, from the prior year period
as new trailer shipments during the third quarter of 2016 totaled 550 units, a decrease from the 1,000 trailers shipped during
the prior year period, due primarily to lower demand for tank trailers within the chemical and energy end markets. Sales of our
components, parts and service product offerings decreased $3.4 million, or 10.4%, as compared to the prior year period primarily
due to lower volume of our composite products. Equipment sales decreased $4.6 million, or 15.3%, compared to the prior year period
as a result of lower volume of engineered products and aviation and truck equipment. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit was $83.5
million in the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $2.5 million from the prior year period. Gross profit as a percentage of sales
was 18.0% for the current quarter and 16.2% for the same period in 2015. Gross profit by segment was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial Trailer
Products segment gross profit was $64.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $55.4 million for the third quarter of
2015. Gross profit prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, as a percentage of net sales, was 17.0% in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to 13.6% in the 2015 period. The 340 basis point improvement in gross profit margin as compared to the prior year
period was primarily driven by favorable material costs, including cost optimization through product design and sourcing, an improved
pricing environment and operational efficiencies. 

Diversified Products
segment gross profit was $18.9 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $31.0 million in the same quarter of 2015. Gross
profit prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, as a percentage of net sales, was 21.7% in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to 24.2% in the 2015 period. The decreases in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of net sales compared to the prior
year period was primarily due to the reduced leverage of fixed costs from the lower production volumes, most notably within the
tank trailer business. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses were $17.2 million for the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $0.6 million, or 3.6%, from the prior year period, as
decreases in employee related costs, including employee incentive programs, of $1.9 million were partially offset by increases
in professional fees and information technology related costs of $1.3 million. As a percentage of sales, general and administrative
expenses were 3.7% for the current quarter as compared to 3.4% for the third quarter of 2015. 

Selling Expenses  

Selling expenses were
$6.4 million in the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $0.1 million, or 0.7%, compared to the prior year period as decreases
in employee related costs, including employee incentive programs, were offset by higher advertising and promotional expenses. As
a percentage of net sales, selling expenses were 1.4% for the third quarter of 2016, up slightly from 1.2% for the third quarter
of 2015. 

Amortization of Intangibles  

Amortization of intangibles
was $5.0 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $5.3 million in the prior year period. Amortization of intangibles for
both periods were primarily the result of expenses recognized for intangible assets recorded from the acquisition of Walker Group
Holdings ( Walker ) in May 2012 and certain assets of Beall Corporation ( Beall ) in February 2013. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Interest expense 
for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $3.9 million compared to $4.8 million in the third quarter of 2015. Interest expense for
both periods is primarily related to interest and non-cash accretion charges on our Notes (as defined below) and Term Loan Credit
Agreement (as defined below). The decrease from the prior year period is primarily due to the repurchase of Notes completed in
the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. 

Other, net  for
the third quarter of 2016 represented income of $0.8 million as compared to an expense of $0.2 million for the prior year period.
The current year period primarily consists of a $0.7 million gain on the transition of our branch location in Phoenix, Arizona
to an independent dealer facility. 

Income Taxes  

We recognized income
tax expense of $18.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $19.5 million for the same period in the prior year. The
effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2016 was 35.5%, which differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 35% primarily
due to the impact of state and local taxes offset by the benefit of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code domestic manufacturing deduction,
research and development tax credits and the benefit from the repurchase of our Notes. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

Net Sales 

Net sales in the first
nine months of 2016 decreased $100.4 million, or 6.8%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. By business segment, prior to
the elimination of intercompany sales, sales and related units sold were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Commercial Trailer
Products segment sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales were $1,126.8 million for the first nine months of 2016,
a decrease of $21.5 million, or 1.9%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. The decrease in sales was due primarily to lower
trailer shipments. Trailers shipped during the first nine months of 2016 totaled 44,250 trailers compared to 45,100 trailers in
the prior year period, a 1.9% decrease. Used trailer sales decreased $11.9 million, or 53.8%, compared to the prior year period
primarily due to decreased availability and selective management of product through fleet trade packages, as 600 fewer used trailers
shipped in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year period. Parts and service sales decreased $2.6 million, or
5.6%, compared to the prior year period. 

Diversified Products
segment sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales were $266.6 million for the first nine months of 2016, down $77.6
million, or 22.5%, compared to the same period of 2015. New trailer sales decreased $73.3 million, or 43.2%, from the prior year
period as new trailer shipments during the first nine months of 2016 totaled 1,600 units, a decrease of 1,050 trailers, or 39.6%,
as compared to the prior year period, due primarily to a decrease in demand for tank trailers within the chemical and energy end
markets. Sales of our components, parts and service product offerings decreased $5.0 million, or 5.3%, as compared to the prior
year period due to lower volume. Equipment sales increased $1.5 million, or 1.9%, compared to the prior year period. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit was $254.0
million in the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $38.4 million from the prior year period. Gross profit as a percentage
of sales was 18.4% for the first nine months and 14.5% for the same period in 2015. Gross profit by segment was as follows (dollars
in thousands): 

Commercial Trailer
Products segment gross profit was $194.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $136.7 million for the prior year
period. Gross profit prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, as a percentage of net sales, was 17.2% in 2016 compared to
11.9% in the 2015 period. The 530 basis point increase in gross profit margin was primarily driven by improved pricing, favorable
material costs, including cost optimization through product design and sourcing, and continued operational efficiencies as compared
to the prior year period. 

Diversified Products
segment gross profit was $62.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $80.0 million in the same period of 2015.
Gross profit prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, as a percentage of net sales, increased slightly to 23.3% in the 2016
period compared to 23.2% in the 2015 period. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales compared to the prior year
period was the result of favorable material costs and continued operational efficiencies offset by lower volumes and the reduced
leverage of fixed costs from lower production levels. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses were $55.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $1.3 million, or 2.5%, from the prior year period
as a result of a $2.1 million increase in outside service and professional fee expenditures, as well as a $0.8 million increase
in various other operating expenses, primarily information technology related costs. These increases were offset by a $1.6 million
decrease in employee related costs, including employee incentive programs. As a percentage of sales, general and administrative
expenses were 4.0% for the 2016 period as compared to 3.6% for the same period of 2015. 

Selling Expenses  

Selling expenses were
$20.4 million in the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $0.2 million, or 1.0%, compared to the prior year period, as a $0.5
million increase in advertising and promotional efforts were partially offset by lower employee related costs, including employee
incentive programs. As a percentage of net sales, selling expenses were 1.5% for the 2016 period, up slightly from 1.4% for the
prior year period. 

Amortization of Intangibles  

Amortization of intangibles
was $15.0 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $15.9 million in the prior year period. Amortization of intangibles
for both periods were primarily the result of expenses recognized for intangible assets recorded from the acquisition of Walker
in May 2012 and certain assets of Beall in February 2013. 

Impairment of Goodwill  

We review goodwill
for impairment, at the reporting unit level, annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of
goodwill may not be recoverable. During the second quarter of 2016, with the realignment of our reporting segments, we performed
an analysis to determine the allocations of goodwill and test for impairment. Based on this analysis, we determined that the portion
of goodwill allocated to our retail branch operations was impaired as the fair value of the reporting unit did not exceed its carrying
value resulting in an impairment charge for the Commercial Trailer Products reporting segment of $1.7 million. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Interest expense 
for the first nine months of 2016 totaled $11.9 million compared to $14.8 million in the prior year period. Interest expense for
both periods is primarily related to interest and non-cash accretion charges on our Notes and Term Loan Credit Agreement. The decrease
from the prior year period is primarily due to Notes repurchases completed in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter
of 2016. 

Other, net  for
the first nine months of 2016 represented income of $0.2 million as compared to income of $2.5 million for the prior year period.
The current year period primarily consists of a gain of $0.7 million related to the transition of our retail branch location in
Phoenix, Arizona to an independent dealer facility offset by a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $0.5 million related to
the Notes repurchase in February 2016. The prior year period primarily consists of an $8.3 million gain on the sale of real estate
in Fontana, California and Portland, Oregon within the Company-owned retail branch network, partially offset by $5.6 million of
accelerated amortization and related fees in connection with the refinancing of our Term Loan Credit Agreement and amending our
Credit Agreement. 

Income Taxes  

We recognized income
tax expense of $53.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $42.4 million for the same period in the prior year.
The effective tax rate for the nine months of 2016 was 35.8%, which differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 35% primarily
due to the impact of state and local taxes offset by the benefit of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code domestic manufacturing deduction
and research and development credits as well as the benefit from the repurchase of our Notes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Capital Structure  

Our capital structure
is comprised of a mix of debt and equity. As of September 30, 2016, our debt to equity ratio was approximately 0.6:1.0. Our long-term
objective is to generate operating cash flows sufficient to support the growth within our businesses and increase shareholder value.
This objective will be achieved through a balanced capital allocation strategy of maintaining strong liquidity, deleveraging our
balance sheet, investing in the business, both organically and strategically, and returning capital to our shareholders. For the
remainder of 2016 and 2017, we expect to continue our commitment to fund our working capital requirements and capital expenditures
supporting both organic growth and productivity improvements while also returning capital to our shareholders and deleveraging
our balance sheet through cash flows from operations as well as available borrowings under our existing Credit Agreement (as defined
below). 

Debt Agreements and Related Amendments  

Convertible Senior Notes  

In April 2012, we issued
Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 (the  Notes ) with an aggregate principal amount of $150 million in a public offering.
The Notes bear interest at the rate of 3.375% per annum from the date of issuance, payable semi-annually on May 1 and November
1. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with our existing and future senior unsecured debt. 

The Notes are convertible
by their holders into cash, shares of our common stock or any combination thereof at our election, at an initial conversion rate
of 85.4372 shares of our common stock per $1,000 in principal amount of Notes, which is equal to an initial conversion price of
approximately $11.70 per share, only under the following circumstances: (A) before November 1, 2017 (1) during any calendar quarter
commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2012 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale
price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days
ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion
price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the
 measurement period ) in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) per $1,000 principal amount
of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our
common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; and (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as described
in the indenture for the Notes; and (B) at any time on or after November 1, 2017 until the close of business on the second business
day immediately preceding the maturity date. As of September 30, 2016, the Notes were not convertible based on the above criteria.
If the Notes outstanding at September 30, 2016 were converted as of September 30, 2016, the if-converted value would exceed the
principal amount by approximately $21 million. 

It is our intent to
settle conversions through a net share settlement, which involves repayment of cash for the principal portion and delivery of shares
of common stock for the excess of the conversion value over the principal portion. We used the net proceeds of $145.1 million from
the sale of the Notes to fund a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition of Walker in May 2012. 

We account separately
for the liability and equity components of the Notes in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments
that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance required the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated
by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature. We determined that senior,
unsecured corporate bonds traded on the market represent a similar liability to the Notes without the conversion option. Based
on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with
similar maturity, we estimated the implied interest rate of the Notes to be 7.0%, assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used
in the estimate represent what market participants would use in pricing the liability component, including market interest rates,
credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was
applied to the Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of $123.8 million upon issuance, calculated as
the present value of implied future payments based on the $150.0 million aggregate principal amount. The $21.7 million difference
between the cash proceeds before offering expenses of $145.5 million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was
recorded in additional paid-in capital. The discount on the liability portion of the Notes is being amortized over the life of
the Notes using the effective interest rate method. 

In December 2015, we
executed agreements with existing holders of the Notes to repurchase $54.2 million in principal amount of such Notes, of which
$19.0 million was acquired in that month for $22.9 million, excluding accrued interest. The remaining $35.2 million in principal
amount of the Notes was acquired in February 2016 for $42.1 million, excluding accrued interest. We recognized a loss on debt extinguishment
of $0.5 million from the February 2016 repurchase, which is included in  Other, net  on our Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

Revolving Credit Agreement  

In June 2015, we entered
into a Joinder and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, First Amendment to Amended and Restated Security Agreement
and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement (the  Amendment ) by and among us, certain of our subsidiaries
designated as Loan Parties (as defined in the Amendment), Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as arranger and administrative agent
(the  Agent ), and the other lenders party thereto. The Amendment amends, among other things, the Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ), dated as of May 8, 2012, among us, certain of our subsidiaries
from time to time party thereto (together with us, the  Borrowers ), the several lenders from time to time party thereto,
and the Agent and provides for, among other things, a five year, $175 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit
Facility ). 

The Amendment, among
other things, (i) increases the total commitments under the Credit Facility from $150 million to $175 million, and (ii) extends
the maturity date of the Credit Facility from May 2017 to June 2020, but provides for an accelerated maturity in the event our
outstanding Notes are not converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full on or before the date that is 121 days prior to
the maturity date thereof and we are not then maintaining, and continue to maintain until the Notes are converted, redeemed, repurchased
or refinanced in full, (x) Liquidity of at least $125 million and (y) availability under the Credit Facility of at least $25 million.
Liquidity, as defined in the Credit Agreement, reflects the difference between (i) the sum of (A) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents
and (B) availability under the Credit Facility and (ii) the amount necessary to fully redeem the Notes. 

In addition, the Amendment
(i) provides that borrowings under the Credit Facility will bear interest, at the Borrowers  election, at (x) LIBOR plus
a margin ranging from 150 basis points to 200 basis points (in lieu of the previous range from 175 basis points to 225 basis points),
or (y) a base rate plus a margin ranging from 50 basis points to 100 basis points (in lieu of the previous range from 75 basis
points to 125 basis points), in each case, based upon the monthly average excess availability under the Credit Facility, (ii) provides
that the monthly unused line fee shall be equal to 25 basis points (which amount was previously 37.5 basis points) times the average
unused availability under the Credit Facility, (iii) provides that if availability under the Credit Facility is less than 12.5%
(which threshold was previously 15%) of the total commitment under the Credit Facility or if there exists an event of default,
amounts in any of the Borrowers  and the subsidiary guarantors  deposit accounts (other than certain excluded accounts)
will be transferred daily into a blocked account held by the Agent and applied to reduce the outstanding amounts under the Credit
Facility, (iv) provides that we will be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.1 to 1.0
as of the end of any period of 12 fiscal months when excess availability under the Credit Facility is less than 10% (which threshold
was previously 12.5%) of the total commitment under the Credit Facility and (v) amends certain negative covenants in the Credit
Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement
is guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries (the  Revolver Guarantors ) and is secured by (i) first
priority security interests (subject only to customary permitted liens and certain other permitted liens) in substantially all
personal property of the Borrowers and the Revolver Guarantors, consisting of accounts receivable, inventory, cash, deposit and
securities accounts and any cash or other assets in such accounts and, to the extent evidencing or otherwise related to such property,
all general intangibles, licenses, intercompany debt, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, chattel paper, instruments,
supporting obligations, documents and payment intangibles (collectively, the  Revolver Priority Collateral ), and (ii)
second-priority liens on and security interests in (subject only to the liens securing the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as defined
below) customary permitted liens and certain other permitted liens) (A) equity interests of each direct subsidiary held by the
Borrower and each Revolver Guarantor (subject to customary limitations in the case of the equity of foreign subsidiaries), and
(B) substantially all other tangible and intangible assets of the Borrowers and the Revolver Guarantors including equipment, general
intangibles, intercompany notes, insurance policies, investment property, intellectual property and material owned real property
(in each case, except to the extent constituting Revolver Priority Collateral) (collectively, the  Term Priority Collateral ).
The respective priorities of the security interests securing the Credit Agreement and the Term Loan Credit Agreement are governed
by an Intercreditor Agreement between the Revolver Agent and the Term Agent (as defined below) (the  Intercreditor Agreement ). 

Subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the covenants under the Credit Agreement are breached, the lenders may, subject to various customary
cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral. Other customary events of default
in the Credit Agreement include, without limitation, failure to pay obligations when due, initiation of insolvency proceedings,
defaults on certain other indebtedness, and the incurrence of certain judgments that are not stayed, satisfied, bonded or discharged
within 30 days. 

As of September 30,
2016, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Agreement. 

Term Loan Credit Agreement  

In May 2012 we entered
into a credit agreement among us, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as
administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner (the  Term Agent ), and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner (the  Term Loan Credit Agreement ), which initially provided, among other
things, for a senior secured term loan facility of $300 million. Also in May 2012, certain of our subsidiaries (the  Term
Guarantors ) entered into a general continuing guarantee of our obligations under the Term Loan Credit Agreement in favor
of the Term Agent (the  Term Guarantee ). 

In April 2013, we entered
into Amendment No.1 to Credit Agreement (the  Amendment No. 1 ), which became effective on May 9, 2013. As of the Amendment
No. 1 date, there was $297.0 million of term loans outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement (the  Initial Loans ),
of which we paid $20.0 million in connection with Amendment No. 1. Under Amendment No. 1, the lenders agreed to provide us term
loans in an aggregate principal amount of $277.0 million, which were exchanged for and used to refinance the Initial Loans (the
 Tranche B-1 Loans ). 

In March 2015, we entered
into Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement ( Amendment No. 2 ). As of the Amendment No. 2 date, there was $192.8 million
of the Tranche B-1 Loans outstanding. Under Amendment No. 2, the lenders agreed to provide to us term loans in an aggregate principal
amount of $192.8 million (the  Tranche B-2 Loans ), which were used to refinance the outstanding Tranche B-1 Loans.
The Tranche B-2 Loans mature in March 2022, but provide for an accelerated maturity in the event our outstanding Notes are not
converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full on or before the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date thereof
and we are not then maintaining, and continue to maintain until the Notes are converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in
full, liquidity of at least $125 million. Liquidity, as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, reflects the difference between
(i) the sum of (A) unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and (B) the amount available and permitted to be drawn under our existing
Credit Agreement and (ii) the amount necessary to fully redeem the Notes. The Tranche B-2 Loans shall amortize in equal quarterly
installments in aggregate amounts equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Loans, with the balance payable
at maturity, and will bear interest at a rate, at our election, equal to (i) LIBOR (subject to a floor of 1.00%) plus a margin
of 3.25% or (ii) a base rate plus a margin of 2.25%. 

Amendment No. 2 also
amends the Term Loan Credit Agreement by (i) removing the maximum senior secured leverage ratio test, (ii) modifying the accordion
feature, as described in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, to provide for a senior secured incremental term loan facility in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the greater of (A) $75 million (less the aggregate amount of (1) any increases in the maximum revolver amount
under the existing Credit Agreement and (2) certain permitted indebtedness incurred for the purpose of prepaying or repurchasing
the Notes) and (B) an amount such that the senior secured leverage ratio would not be greater than 3.0 to 1.0, subject to certain
conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to the Term Loan Credit
Agreement, to provide such increased amounts. The senior secured leverage ratio is defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement and
reflects a ratio of consolidated net total secured indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA and (iii) amending certain negative covenants. 

The Term Loan Credit
Agreement, as amended, is guaranteed by the Term Guarantors and is secured by (i) first-priority liens on and security interests
in the Term Priority Collateral, and (ii) second-priority security interests in the Revolver Priority Collateral. In addition,
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, contains customary covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, pay cash
dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve, pay off subordinated
indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. 

Subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the covenants under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, are breached, the lenders may,
subject to various customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral.
Other customary events of default in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, include, without limitation, failure to pay obligations
when due, initiation of insolvency proceedings, defaults on certain other indebtedness, and the incurrence of certain judgments
that are not stayed, satisfied, bonded or discharged within 60 days. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, under the Term Loan Credit Agreement we paid interest of $6.2 million and $6.4 million, respectively,
and principal of $1.4 million and $1.0 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had $190.0 million outstanding under
the Term Loan Credit Agreement, of which $1.9 million was classified as current on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheet. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred charges of approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, for amortization
of fees and original issuance discount which is included in  Interest Expense  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations. 

Cash Flow  

Cash provided by operating
activities for the first nine months of 2016 totaled $106.0 million, compared to $104.7 million during the same period in 2015.
Cash provided by operations during the current year period was the result of net income adjusted for various non-cash activities
of $135.7 million, including depreciation, amortization, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, non-cash interest expense,
loss on debt extinguishment and impairment of goodwill, partially offset by a $29.6 million increase in working capital. Increases
in working capital for the current year period can be attributed primarily to increased levels of finished goods, as well as an
increase in purchasing activities resulting from higher inventory requirements necessary to meet customer demand partially offset
by an increase in accounts payable activity. Changes in key working capital accounts for the first nine months of 2016 as compared
to the same period in 2015 are summarized below (in millions): 

Accounts receivable
increased by $5.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to an increase of $3.7 million in the prior year period.
Days sales outstanding, a measure of working capital efficiency that measures the average amount of time a receivable is outstanding,
was 31 days in the 2016 period and 24 days in the 2015 period. The increase in accounts receivable during the first nine months
of 2016 was primarily due to the timing of shipments and customer collections during the quarter. Inventory increased by $29.6
million during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to an increase of $50.4 million in the 2015 period. The increase in inventory
for the 2016 period was primarily due to higher finished goods inventory resulting from production levels exceeding shipments for
the first nine months of 2016. Our inventory turns, a commonly used measure of working capital efficiency that measures how quickly
on average inventory turns per year, was approximately 8 times in both the 2016 and 2015 periods. Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities increased by $15.5 million in 2016 compared to an increase of $58.5 million for the same period in 2015. The increase
during the first nine months of 2016 was primarily due to continued strong production levels and purchasing activities required
to meet current demand. Days payable outstanding, a measure of working capital efficiency that measures the average amount of time
a payable is outstanding, was 25 days in 2016 as compared to 27 days in the same period in 2015. 

Investing activities
used $12.8 million during the first nine months of 2016 compared to $4.7 million used during the same period in 2015. Investing
activities for the first nine months of 2016 were comprised primarily of capital expenditures totaling $15.0 million partially
offset by the $2.3 million of proceeds from the transition of our retail branch location in Phoenix, Arizona to an independent
dealer facility in July 2016. Investing activities for the first nine months of 2015 include capital expenditures of $12.6 million
as well as $5.4 million of restricted cash available to be used for asset reinvestments under our Term Loan Credit Agreement partially
offset by proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment totaling $13.2 million, which comprised primarily of the sale
of our former Retail branch real estate. 

Financing activities
used $82.4 million during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to $48.9 million used in the same period in 2015. Cash used
in financing activities during the current year period primarily relates to the repurchase of Notes totaling $42.1 million and
common stock repurchases through our share repurchase program of $40.7 million. Cash used in financing activities in the first
nine months of 2015 relates to the repurchase of common stock through our share repurchase program totaling $41.4 million, principal
payments under existing debt and capital lease obligations of $5.2 million, and debt issuance costs of $2.6 million incurred in
relation to Amendment No. 2 to our Term Loan Credit Agreement and the amendment to our Credit Agreement. 

As of September 30,
2016, our liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity, amounted to $359.0 million, representing
an increase of $11.1 million compared to December 31, 2015. Total debt and capital lease obligations amounted to $282.5 million
as of September 30, 2016. In February 2016, we repurchased $35.2 million in principal of the Notes for $42.1 million. As we continue
to see strong demand in the overall trailer industry, and based on our operating performance metrics, we believe our liquidity
is adequate to fund operations, working capital needs and capital expenditures for the remainder of 2016 and 2017. 

Capital Expenditures  

Capital spending amounted
to $15.0 million for the first nine months of 2016 and is anticipated to approximately $25 million for 2016. Capital spending for
2016 has been and is expected to continue to be primarily utilized to support growth, productivity improvements and environmental,
health and safety initiatives within our facilities. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

As of September 30,
2016, we had approximately $6.7 million in operating lease commitments. We did not enter into any material off-balance sheet debt
or operating lease transactions during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments   

A summary of payments
of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, both on and off balance sheet, as of September 30, 2016 for the remaining
three months of 2016 and the calendar years thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 

Scheduled payments
for our Credit Facility exclude interest payments as rates are variable. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at
a variable rate based on the London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR) or a base rate determined by the lender s prime rate plus
an applicable margin, as defined in the agreement. Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate, at
our election, equal to (i) LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.00% or (ii) a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.50%
to 1.00%, in each case depending upon the monthly average excess availability under the Credit Facility. We are required to pay
a monthly unused line fee equal to 0.25% times the average daily unused availability along with other customary fees and expenses
of our agent and lenders. 

Scheduled payments
for our Notes exclude interest payments which bear interest at the rate of 3.375% per annum from the date of issuance, payable
semi-annually on May 1 and November 1. 

Scheduled payments
for our Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, exclude interest payments as rates are variable. Borrowings under the Term Loan
Credit Agreement, as amended, bear interest at a variable rate, at our election, equal to (i) LIBOR (subject to a floor of 1.00%)
plus a margin of 3.25% or (ii) a base rate plus a margin of 2.25%. The Term Loan Credit Agreement matures in March 2022, but provides
for an accelerated maturity in the event our outstanding Notes are not converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full on
or before the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date thereof and we are not then maintaining, and continue to maintain
until the Notes are converted, redeemed, repurchased or refinanced in full, liquidity of at least $125 million. 

Capital leases represent
future minimum lease payments including interest. Operating leases represent the total future minimum lease payments. 

We have standby letters
of credit totaling $5.7 million issued in connection with workers compensation claims and surety bonds. 

We have $35.5 million
in purchase commitments through December 2017 for various raw material commodities, including aluminum, steel and nickel as well
as other raw material components which are within normal production requirements. 

Backlog   

Orders that have been
confirmed by customers in writing and can be produced during the next 18 months are included in our backlog. Orders that comprise
our backlog may be subject to changes in quantities, delivery, specifications and terms. Our backlog of orders was approximately
$643 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $1,209 million at December 31, 2015 and $1,097 million at September 30, 2015. We
expect to complete the majority of our existing backlog orders within the next 12 months. 

OUTLOOK  

The demand environment
for trailers remained strong through the first nine months of 2016, as evidenced by our strong backlog, a trailer demand forecast
by industry forecasters above replacement demand levels for the next several years and our ability to increase prices and improve
margins. Recent estimates from industry analysts, ACT Research Company ( ACT ) and FTR Associates ( FTR ),
forecast demand for 2016 and beyond to remain healthy. ACT currently estimates demand to be approximately 283,000 trailers for
2016, representing a decrease of 8.2% as compared to 2015, and forecasting continued demand levels to be above replacement demand
into the foreseeable future with estimated demand for 2017 to be approximately 239,000 and annual average demand for the four year
period ending 2021 to be approximately 258,000 new trailers. FTR anticipates new trailer production to be approximately 276,000
new trailers in 2016, representing a decrease of 8.6% as compared to 2015 as well as projecting a decrease in 2017 with production
totaling 240,000 trailers. In spite of a strong forecasted demand environment, there remain downside risks relating to issues with
both the domestic and global economies, including the housing, energy and construction-related markets in the U.S. 

Other potential risks
we face for the remainder of 2016 and into 2017 will primarily relate to our ability to effectively manage our manufacturing operations
as well as the cost and supply of raw materials, commodities and components. Significant increases in the cost of certain commodities,
raw materials or components could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. As has been our practice, we will endeavor
to pass raw material and component price increases to our customers in addition to continuing our cost management and hedging activities
in an effort to minimize the risk changes in material costs could have on our operating results. In addition, we rely on a limited
number of suppliers for certain key components and raw materials in the manufacturing of our products, including tires, landing
gear, axles, suspensions aluminum extrusions and specialty steel coil. At the current and expected demand levels, there may be
shortages of supplies of raw materials or components which would have an adverse impact on our ability to meet demand for our products. 

We believe we are well-positioned
for long-term success in the trailer industry because: (1) our core customers are among the dominant participants in the trucking
industry; (2) our DuraPlate    and other industry leading brand trailers continue to have increased market acceptance;
(3) our focus is on developing solutions that reduce our customers  trailer maintenance and operating costs providing the
best overall value; and (4) our presence throughout North America utilizing both our extensive independent dealer network in addition
to the Company-owned branch locations to market and sell our products. 

Based on the published
industry demand forecasts, customer feedback regarding their current requirements, our existing backlog of orders and our continued
efforts to be selective in our order acceptance to ensure we obtain appropriate value for our products, we expect 2016 total unit shipments to be at the low end of our 60,000 to 62,000 shipment range communicated
previously, which reflects trailer volumes 7% lower than 2015 demand levels
and consistent with the decrease in demand as projected by industry forecasters for the overall trailer market. While our expectations
for trailer volumes are similar to the demand levels forecasted by industry analysts, our focus on continuing to grow margins within
our Commercial Trailer Products segment and the continued productivity and cost optimization initiatives through all of our businesses,
we expect to see continued operational improvements as compared to the prior year. 

We are not relying
solely on strong new trailer volumes and price recovery to improve operations and enhance our profitability. We believe our corporate
strategy to continue our transformation into a diversified industrial manufacturer will provide us the opportunity to address new
markets, enhance our financial profile and reduce the cyclicality within our business. While demand for some of these products
is dependent on the development of new products, customer acceptance of our product solutions and the general expansion of our
customer base and distribution channels, we remain committed to enhancing and diversifying our business model through the organic
and strategic initiatives. Through our two operating segments we offer a wide array of products and customer-specific solutions
that we believe provide a good foundation for achieving these goals. In addition, we have been and will continue to focus on developing
innovative new products that both add value to our customers  operations and allow us to continue to differentiate our products
from the competition. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

We
have included a summary of our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to the summary provided in that report.  

ITEM 3.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISKS   

In
addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we have exposure to financial and market risk resulting from volatility in commodity
prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. The following discussion provides additional detail regarding our exposure to
these risks.  

Commodity Prices 

We
are exposed to fluctuation in commodity prices through the purchase of various raw materials that are processed from commodities
such as aluminum, steel, lumber, nickel, copper and polyethylene. Given the historical volatility of certain commodity prices,
this exposure can significantly impact product costs. We manage some of our commodity price changes by entering into fixed price
contracts with our suppliers. As of September 30, 2016, we had $35.5 million in raw material purchase commitments through December
2017 for materials that will be used in the production process, as compared to $72.4 million as of December 31, 2015. We typically
do not set prices for our products more than 45-90 days in advance of our commodity purchases and can, subject to competitive market
conditions, take into account the cost of the commodity in setting our prices for each order. To the extent that we are unable
to offset the increased commodity costs in our product prices, our results would be materially and adversely affected.  

Interest Rates 

As
of September 30, 2016, we had no floating rate debt outstanding under our Credit Facility. During the three month period ended
September 30, 2016, we maintained an average floating rate borrowing level of less than $0.1 million under our revolving line of
credit. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings under our Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended,
totaling $190.0 million that bear interest at a floating rate, subject to a minimum interest rate. Based on the average borrowings
under our Credit Facility and the outstanding indebtedness under our Term Loan Credit Agreement, a hypothetical 100 basis-point
change in the floating interest rate would result in a corresponding change in interest expense over a one-year period of $1.0
million. This sensitivity analysis does not account for the change in the competitive environment indirectly related to the change
in interest rates and the potential managerial action taken in response to these changes.  

Foreign Exchange Rates 

We are subject to fluctuations
in the British pound sterling and Mexican peso exchange rates that impact transactions with our foreign subsidiaries, as well as
U.S. denominated transactions between these foreign subsidiaries and unrelated parties. A five percent change in the British pound
sterling or Mexican peso exchange rates would have an immaterial impact on results of operations. We do not hold or issue derivative
financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

ITEM 4.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Based on an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) were effective
as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.      LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS    

See
Item 3 of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. See also Note 6,  Contingencies, 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  

ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS   

You should carefully
consider the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, including those under the
heading  Risk Factors  appearing in Item 1A of Part I of the Form 10-K and other information contained in this Quarterly
Report before investing in our securities. Realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

ITEM 2.      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS   

Purchases of Our Equity Securities  

For the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 we repurchased a total of 1,155 shares to cover minimum employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting
of restricted stock awards. Additionally, during this period there were 1,633,200 share repurchases made pursuant to our repurchase
program. 

ITEM 6 .     EXHIBITS   

(a)   Exhibits : 

31.01  Certification of Principal Executive Officer   

31.02  Certification of Principal Financial Officer   

SIGNATURE   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION   

Date: October 24, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Jeffery L. Taylor   

Jeffery L. Taylor   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 v450622_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Richard J. Giromini, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Wabash National Corporation; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 24, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Richard J. Giromini   

Richard J. Giromini   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 v450622_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Jeffery L. Taylor, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Wabash National Corporation; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 24, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Jeffery L. Taylor   

Jeffery L. Taylor   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 v450622_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01  

Written
Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant
to Section 906  

  of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)  

The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer of Wabash National Corporation (the  Company ), each hereby certifies that, to his knowledge,
on October 24, 2016: 

(b)  information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ Richard J. Giromini   

Richard J. Giromini   

Chief Executive Officer   

October 24, 2016   

/s/ Jeffery L. Taylor   

Jeffery L. Taylor   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

October 24, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wnc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wnc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wnc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wnc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wnc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wnc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

