<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1395317_0001564590-16-028235_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21753237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>205886</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>498216</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5056706</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8300168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4986410</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028235.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108143750
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028235
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DJO Finance LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001395317
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				205653965
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-142188
		FILM NUMBER:		161980912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 DECISION STREET
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-727-1280

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1430 DECISION STREET
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ReAble Therapeutics Finance LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028235.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 djo-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

djo-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                          
 Commission File Number: 333-142188  
   
 DJO Finance LLC  
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

State of Delaware  
 
 20-5653965  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number)  

1430 Decision Street 
 Vista, California  
 
 92081  

(Address of principal executive offices)  
 
 (Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (800) 336-5690  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No           (Note: Prior to the effectiveness of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-213164) on August 31, 2016, the registrant was a voluntary filer not subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. As a voluntary filer the registrant filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant would have been required to file such reports) as if it were subject to such filing requirements). In addition, since August 31, 2016, when the registrant became subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, it has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No         
 As of November 8, 2016, 100% of the issuer s membership interests were owned by DJO Holdings LLC.  

DJO Finance LLC  
 INDEX 

Page Number  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements    

1  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

1  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015    

2  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015    

3  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016    

4  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015    

5  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

6  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

36  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

45  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    

46  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    

47  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    

47  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    

47  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    

48  

PART 1   FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 DJO Finance LLC 
       U  naudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

1 

DJO Finance LLC  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2 

DJO Finance LLC  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

DJO Finance LLC  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Deficit 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

DJO Finance LLC  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Co  nsolidated Financial Statements  

1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 Organization and Business 
 We are a global developer, manufacturer and distributor of medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. Our product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical implant business offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. 
 DJO Finance LLC (DJOFL) is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of DJO Global, Inc. (DJO). Substantially all business activities of DJO are conducted by DJOFL and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Except as otherwise indicated, references to  us,   we,   DJOFL,   our,  or  the Company,  refers to DJOFL and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Segment Reporting 
 We market and distribute our products through four operating segments: Bracing and Vascular; Recovery Sciences; Surgical Implant; and International. Our Bracing and Vascular, Recovery Sciences, and Surgical Implant segments generate their revenues within the United States. Our Bracing and Vascular segment offers rigid knee braces, orthopedic soft goods, cold therapy products, vascular systems, compression therapy products and therapeutic footwear for the diabetes care market. Our Recovery Sciences segment offers home electrotherapy, iontophoresis, home traction products, bone growth stimulation products and clinical physical therapy equipment. Our Surgical Implant segment offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the knee, hip and shoulder. Our International segment offers all of our products to customers outside the United States. See Note 15 for additional information about our reportable segments. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2015, we ceased manufacturing, selling and distributing products of our Empi business and the related insurance billing operations domestically. The Empi business primarily manufactured and sold transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) devices for pain relief, other electrotherapy and orthopedic products and the related supplies.  Empi was facing a challenging regulatory and compliance environment, decreasing reimbursement rates and remained below the level needed to reach adequate profitability within an economically justified period of time. Empi was part of our Recovery Sciences operating segment. For financial statement purposes, the results of the Empi business are reported within discontinued operations.  
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates and assumptions are used in accounting for, among other things, contractual allowances, rebates, product returns, warranty obligations, allowances for doubtful accounts, valuation of inventories, self-insurance reserves, income taxes, loss contingencies, fair values of derivative instruments, fair values of long-lived assets and any related impairments, capitalization of costs associated with internally developed software and stock-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 We consolidate the results of operations of our 50% owned subsidiary, Medireha GmbH (Medireha), and reflect the 50% share of results not owned by us as non-controlling interests in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We maintain control of Medireha through certain rights that enable us to prohibit certain business activities that are not consistent with our plans for the business and provide us with exclusive distribution rights for products manufactured by Medireha. 

6 

Interim Reporting  
 The accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts and all voting interest entities where we exercise a controlling financial interest through the ownership of a direct or indirect majority voting interest. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10 Q and Article 10 of Regulation S X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these financial statements do not include all of the information required by GAAP or Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations for complete annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, these financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. These Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 The Company operates on a manufacturing calendar. Each quarter consists of thirteen weeks, two four week and one five week period. Our first quarters may have more or fewer shipping days from year to year based on the days of week holidays fall. The first nine months of 2016 had more shipping days than in the first nine months of 2015. 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to revenue from contracts with customers. The new standard provides a five-step approach to be applied to all contracts with customers. The accounting standards update also requires expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. On July 9, 2015, the FASB decided to defer the effective date of the standard. The guidance is now effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted as early as the original effective date of December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to the presentation of debt issuance costs. The standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early application is permitted. The Company has early adopted this update and the impact is reflected in the current and prior periods presented.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to internal-use software. The standard provides guidance to clarify the customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this ASU with prospective application in the first quarter of 2016. Adoption of this new guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. This guidance does not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO). The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this new guidance is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  
 In September 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments. The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The new guidance also sets forth new disclosure requirements related to the adjustments. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this new guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which requires all deferred income taxes be presented on the balance sheet as noncurrent. The new guidance is intended to simplify financial reporting by eliminating the requirement to classify deferred taxes between current and noncurrent. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company has early adopted this update and the impact is reflected prospectively in the Company s financial statements. 
 7 

In January 2016, the   FASB issued an accounting standards update which affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. This guidance retains the current   accounting for classifying and measuring investments in debt securities and loans but requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with subsequent changes recognized in net income, except for those accounted for under the equity method or requ  iring consolidation. The guidance also changes the accounting for investments without a readily determinable fair value and that do not qualify for the practical expedient permitted by the guidance to estimate fair value. A policy election can be made for   these investments whereby estimated fair value may be measured at cost and adjusted in subsequent periods for any impairment or changes in observable prices of identical or similar investments.   The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after D  ecember 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this new guidance is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which affects the accounting for leases.  The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. The amendment also will require qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to give financial statement users information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted.   We are still assessing the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued  an accounting standards update which affects the accounting for  employee share-based payments. The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The guidance is effective for  interim and annual reporting periods beginning after  beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  Adoption of this new guidance is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which affects the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. This ASU is intended to clarify the presentation of cash receipts and payments in specific situations. The guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted.  We are still assessing the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

2. DIVESTITURES 
   
 Discontinued Operations 
 For disposal transactions that occur on or after January 1, 2015, a component of an entity is reported in discontinued operations after meeting the criteria for held-for-sale classification, is disposed of by sale or is disposed of other than by sale (e.g. abandonment) if the disposition represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the entity's operations and financial results.  The Company has evaluated the  quantitative and qualitative factors related to the disposal of the Empi business  and concluded  that those conditions for discontinued operations presentation have been met .     For financial statement purposes, the Empi business financial results are reported within discontinued operations in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes, is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

8 

Net liabilities for discontinued operations are as follows (in thousands):  

3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE RESERVES 
 A summary of activity in our accounts receivable reserves for doubtful accounts is presented below (in thousands): 

Our allowance for sales returns balance was $3.8 million as of September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015. 

4 . INVENTORIES  
 Inventories consist of the following (in thousands): 

A summary of the activity in our reserves for estimated slow moving, excess, obsolete and otherwise impaired inventory is presented below (in thousands): 

The write-offs to the reserve were principally related to the disposition of fully reserved inventory. 

9 

5. LONG-LIVED ASSETS  
 Goodwill 
 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 presented in the table below (in thousands): 

Intangible Assets 
 Identifiable intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

10 

Our definite lived intangible assets are being amortized using the straight line method over their remaining weighted average useful lives of 4.2 years for customer relationships, 7.2 years for patents and technology, 1.3 years for distributor contracts an  d relationships, 6.1 years for trademarks and trade names, and 1.3 years for non-compete agreements. Based on our amortizable intangible asset balance as of September 30, 2016, we estimate that amortization expense will be as follows for the next five year  s and thereafter (in thousands):  

6. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

7. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk related to our variable rate credit facilities and risk related to foreign currency exchange rates. Our objective is to reduce the risk to earnings and cash flows associated with changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Before acquiring a derivative instrument to hedge a specific risk, we evaluate potential natural hedges. Factors considered in the decision to hedge an underlying market exposure include the materiality of the risk, the volatility of the market, the duration of the hedge, and the availability, effectiveness and cost of derivative instruments. We do not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 All derivatives, whether designated as hedging relationships or not, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The fair value of our derivatives is determined through the use of models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curves and other relevant economic measures which are inputs that are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The classification of gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of derivatives is dependent on the intended use of the derivative and its resulting designation. Our interest rate cap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges, and accordingly, effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivatives were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into our Consolidated Statement of Operations when the hedged forecasted transaction affects income (loss). Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized in income (loss). Our foreign exchange contracts have not been designated as hedges, and accordingly, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded in income (loss). 
 Interest Rate Cap Agreements . We utilize interest rate caps to manage the risk of unfavorable movements in interest rates on a portion of our outstanding floating rate loan balances. Our interest rate cap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes, and the hedges were considered effective. As such, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument was reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into interest expense in our Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period in which it affected income (loss).  
 Foreign Exchange Rate Contracts . We utilize Mexican Peso (MXN) foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as our Mexico-based manufacturing operations incur costs that are largely   
 11 

denominated in MX  N. As of September 30, 2016 we did not have any outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts. While our foreign exchange forward contracts act as economic hedges, we have not designated such instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. Therefo  re, gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of these derivative instruments are recorded in Other income (expense), net, in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
   
 The following table summarizes the fair value of derivative instruments in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

Balance Sheet Location  

September 30, 
 2016  

December 31, 
 2015  

Derivative Assets:  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

Other long-term assets  

$  

$  
 
 1,313  

Derivative Liabilities:  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

Other current liabilities  

$  
 
 1,295  

$  
 
 282  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

Other long-term liabilities  

5,714  

The following table summarizes the effect our derivative instruments have on our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands): 

The pre-tax loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) is presented below (in thousands): 

8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 Financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurements requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 The following table presents the balances of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016  

Quoted Prices 
 in Active 
 Markets for 
 Identical   Assets 
 (Level 1)  

Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 2)  

Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3)  

Recorded 
 Balance  

Liabilities:  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

$  

$  
 
 7,009  

$  

$  
 
 7,009  

12 

As of December 31, 2015  

Quoted Prices 
 in Active 
 Markets for 
 Identical   Assets 
 (Level 1)  

Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 2)  

Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3)  

Recorded 
 Balance  

Assets:  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

$  

$  
 
 1,313  

$  

$  
 
 1,313  

Liabilities:  

Interest rate cap agreements designated 
    as cash flow hedges  

$  

$  
 
 282  

$  

$  
 
 282  

9. DEBT 
 Debt obligations consist of the following (in thousands): 

Credit Facilities 
 On May 7, 2015, we entered into (i) a $1,055.0 million new term loan facility (the  Term Loan ) and (ii) a $150.0 million new asset-based revolving credit facility (the  ABL Facility  and together with the Term Loan, the  Credit Facilities ). The Term Loan provides for a $150.0 million incremental facility, subject to customary borrowing conditions and the ABL Facility provides for a $50.0 million facility increase, subject to customary borrowing conditions. A portion of the proceeds from the Credit Facilities was used to repay in full all amounts due and owing under the revolving credit facility and Tranche B term loans, originally entered into on November 20, 2007. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the market values of our Term Loan and drawings under the ABL Facility were $1,027.5 million and $65.0 million, respectively. We determine market value using trading prices for the senior secured credit facilities on or near that date. This fair value measurement is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 13 

Our revolving loan balance under ou  r ABL Facility was $65.0 million as of September 30, 2016, in addition to a $5.7 million outstanding letter of credit related to our travel and entertainment corporate card program and a $0.5 million outstanding letter of credit related to collateral requi  rements under our product liability insurance policy.  
 Term Loan 
 Interest Rates.  Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) 2.25% plus a base rate equal to the highest of (1) the prime rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (3) the Eurodollar rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% or (b) 3.25% plus the Eurodollar rate determined by reference to the ICE Benchmark Administration London Interbank Offered Rate for U.S. dollar deposits, subject to a minimum Eurodollar rate of 1.00%.  As of September 30, 2016 our weighted average interest rate for all borrowings under the Credit Facilities was 4.15%.  
 Principal Payments.  We are required to make principal repayments under the Term Loan in quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining amount payable at maturity in June 2020.  
 Prepayments.  The Term Loan requires us to prepay principal amounts outstanding, subject to certain exceptions, with:  

50% (which percentage will be reduced to 25% and 0% upon attaining certain total net leverage ratios) of annual excess cash flow, as defined in the Term Loan agreement;     

100% of the net cash proceeds above (i) $30.0 million in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (ii) an annual amount of $100.0 million of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions, if we do not reinvest the net cash proceeds in assets to be used in our business, generally within 12 months of the receipt of such net cash proceeds; and     

100% of the net cash proceeds from issuances of debt by us and our restricted subsidiaries, other than proceeds from debt permitted to be incurred under the Credit Facilities.     

 We may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, subject to payment of (i) customary breakage costs applicable to prepayments of Eurodollar loans made on a date other than the last day of an interest period applicable thereto and (ii) a prepayment premium of 1% applicable to prepayments made within 6 months from the date of the closing of the Term Loan. 
 Guarantee and Security.  All obligations under the Credit Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by DJO Holdings LLC and each of our existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions (collectively, the  Credit Facility Guarantors ). In addition, the Term Loan is secured by (i) a first priority security interest in certain of our tangible and intangible assets and those of each of the Credit Facility Guarantors and all the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, DJO Holdings and each of our material direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and direct wholly-owned first-tier foreign subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions and qualifications) (collectively,  Term Loan Collateral ), and (ii) a second priority security interest in the ABL Collateral (as defined below).  
 Certain Covenants and Events of Default.  The Term Loan contains a number of covenants that restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our ability to:  

incur additional indebtedness and make guarantees;     

create liens on assets;     

enter into sale and leaseback transactions;     

engage in mergers or consolidations;     

sell assets;     

pay dividends and other restricted payments;     

make investments, loans or advances, including acquisitions;     

repay subordinated indebtedness or amend material agreements governing our subordinated indebtedness;     

engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and     

change our lines of business.     

 14 

In addition, the Term Loan requires us to maintain a maximum first lien net leverage ratio, as defined,   of Credit Facilities debt, net of cash, to Adjusted EBITDA of no greater than 5.35:1 for a trailing twelve month period commencing with the period ending September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, our actual first lien net leverage ratio was 4.11:1, and   we were in compliance with all other applicable covenants.  
 Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility 
 Interest Rate.  Borrowings under our ABL Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, a margin over, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the administrative agent s prime lending rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (3) the Eurodollar rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% or (b) a Eurodollar rate determined by reference to the Reuters LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing. The margin for the ABL Facility is 1.25% with respect to base rate borrowings and 2.25% with respect to Eurodollar borrowings, each subject to step-downs based upon the amount of the available, unused facility.  
 Fees.  In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders based on the daily amount of the ABL Facility that is unutilized. The commitment fee is an annual rate of 0.25% if the average facility utilization in the previous fiscal quarter is equal to or greater than 50%, and 0.375% if the average facility utilization in the previous fiscal quarter was less than 50%.  
 Guarantee and Security.  The ABL Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in personal property of DJOFL and each of the Credit Facility Guarantors consisting generally of accounts receivable, cash, deposit accounts and securities accounts, inventory, intercompany notes and intangible assets (other than intellectual property and investment property), subject to certain exceptions and qualifications (collectively, the  ABL Collateral , and together with the Term Loan Collateral, the  Collateral ) and a fourth priority security interest in the Term Loan Collateral.  
 Certain Covenants and Events of Default.  The ABL Facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our and our subsidiaries  ability to undertake certain transactions or otherwise make changes to our assets and business.  These are substantially similar to the Term Loan covenants described above.  
 In addition, we are required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement, of 1.0 to 1.0 if the unutilized facility is less than the greater of $9.0 million or 10% of the lesser of (1) $150.0 million and (2) the aggregate borrowing base. This coverage ratio requirement remains in place until the 30 th  consecutive day the unutilized facility exceeds such threshold. The ABL Facility also contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 Notes: 
 8.125% Second Lien Notes 
 On May 7, 2015 we issued $1,015.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Second Lien Notes (8.125% Notes), which mature on June 15, 2021. The 8.125% Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each of DJOFL s existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantees any of DJOFL s indebtedness or any indebtedness of DJOFL s domestic subsidiaries. 
 The net proceeds from the issuance of the 8.125% Notes were used, together with borrowings under the Credit Facilities and cash on hand, to repay our prior notes (see below), repay prior credit facilities and pay all related fees and expenses. 
 The 8.125% Notes and related guarantees are secured by second-priority liens on the Term Loan Collateral and third-priority liens on the ABL Collateral, in each case subject to permitted liens. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the market value of the 8.125% Notes was $938.9 million. We determined market value using trading prices for the 8.125% Notes on or near that date. This fair value measurement is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Optional Redemption.  Prior to June 15, 2018, we have the option to redeem some or all of the 8.125% Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 8.125% Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest plus the  make-whole  premium set forth in the indenture governing the 8.125% Notes. On and after June 15, 2018, we have the option to redeem some or all of the 8.125% Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, we may redeem, using net proceeds from certain equity offerings, (i) up to 15% of the principal amount prior to June 15, 2019 at a price equal to 103%   
 15 

of the principal amount being redeemed, and/or (ii) up to 35% of the principal amount prior to June 15, 2018, at a price equal to 108.125% of the principal amount being redeemed, plu  s accrued and unpaid interest, in each case using an amount not to exceed the net proceeds from certain equity offerings.  
 10.75% Third Lien Notes 
 On May 7, 2015, we issued $298.5 million aggregate principal amount of 10.75% Third Lien Notes (10.75% Notes) which mature on April 15, 2020. The 10.75% Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a secured basis by each of DJOFL s existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantees any of DJOFL s indebtedness or any indebtedness of DJOFL s domestic subsidiaries. 
 The 10.75% Notes were issued in connection with our (i) offer (Exchange Offer) to exchange our 9.75% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2017 (9.75% Notes) for the 10.75% Notes and cash and (ii) solicitation of consents from registered holders of the 9.75% Notes to certain proposed amendments to the indenture for the 9.75% Notes. The 10.75% Notes and related guarantees are secured by third-priority liens on the Term Loan Collateral and fourth-priority liens on the ABL Collateral, in each case subject to permitted liens. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the market value of the 10.75% Notes was $256.7 million. We determined market value using trading prices for the 10.75% Notes on or near that date. This fair value measurement is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Optional Redemption.  We have the option to redeem the 10.75% Notes, in whole or in part, after May 7, 2015, at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 10.75% Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 9.75% Senior Subordinated Notes 
 On October 18, 2010, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 9.75% Senior Subordinated Notes (9.75% Notes and, collectively with the 10.75% Notes and the 8.125% Notes, the  Notes ) maturing on October 15, 2017.  
 On May 13, 2015, a total of $298.5 million aggregate principal of outstanding 9.75% Notes were validly tendered as part of the Exchange Offer. On September 15, 2016, we issued a notice of optional redemption redeeming the remaining $1.5 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding 9.75% Notes, plus accrued interest, at a redemption price of 100.000%, effective October 15, 2016. 
 Change of Control 
 Upon the occurrence of a change of control, DJOFL must give holders of the Notes an opportunity to sell to DJOFL some or all of their 8.125% Notes and 10.75% Notes at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
 Covenants 
 The indentures for the 8.125% Notes and the 10.75% Notes each contain covenants limiting, among other things, our ability to (i) incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred and convertible shares, pay dividends on, redeem, repurchase or make distributions in respect of the capital stock of DJO or make other restricted payments, (ii) make certain investments, (iii) sell certain assets, (iv) create liens on certain assets to secure debt, (v) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (vi) enter into certain transactions with affiliates, and (vii) designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
   
 Our ability to continue to meet the covenants related to our indebtedness specified above in future periods will depend, in part, on events beyond our control, and we may not continue to meet those covenants. A breach of any of these covenants in the future could result in a default under the credit facilities or the Notes, at which time the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable. Any such acceleration would also result in a default under the Indentures. 
   
 16 

Loss on Modification and Extinguishment of Debt  
 During the nine months ended September 26, 2015, we recognized loss on modification and extinguishment of debt of $68.0 million. The loss consists of $47.8 million in premiums related to the redemption of our 8.75% Notes, 9.875% Notes, and 7.75% Notes, $11.9 million related to the non-cash write off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount associated with the portion of our debt that was extinguished and $8.3 million of arrangement and amendment fees and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with the refinancing. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $12.3 million and $14.5 million, respectively, of unamortized debt issuance costs, which are reflected as a direct deduction from the debt liability included in Long-term debt obligations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.    
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, amortization of debt issuance costs was $0.8 million and $2.2 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015, amortization of debt issuance costs was $0.7 million and $4.0 million, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs was included in Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the periods presented. 

10. INCOME TAXES 
 Income taxes for the interim periods presented have been included in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements on the basis of an estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items. The income tax expense for these periods differed from the amounts which would have been recorded using the U.S. statutory rate due primarily to certain valuation allowances provided against deferred tax assets, the impact of nondeductible expenses, foreign taxes, deferred taxes on the assumed repatriation of foreign earnings and tax amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded income tax provision of $2.2 million and $11.2 million on pre-tax losses of $20.5 million and $73.4 million, resulting in negative effective tax rates of 10.6% and 15.2%, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015, we recorded income tax provision of approximately $2.1 million and $10.0 million on pre-tax losses of $23.0 million and $147.1 million, resulting in negative effective tax rates of 9.2% and 6.8%, respectively.  
 Our tax rates are at times negative because our U.S. federal tax losses, and certain state tax losses, are unavailable to offset income taxes arising in other states and in the foreign jurisdictions where we are subject to tax.  
 We record net deferred tax assets to the extent we conclude that it is more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will be realized. In making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. At this time, we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will be available to offset future taxable income. Accordingly, we have provided a valuation allowance of $9.0 million and $35.0 million on the deferred tax assets related to the net operating loss carryforwards generated in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. If our assumptions change and we determine that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize the deferred tax assets related to these net operating losses, reversal of the valuation allowances we have recorded against those deferred tax assets will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. The establishment of valuation allowances does not preclude us from utilizing our loss carryforwards or other deferred tax assets in the future and does not impact our cash resources.  
 We and our subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2012. However, to the extent allowed by law, the tax authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses or tax credits were generated and carried forward and make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating loss or credit carryforward amount. 
 17 

At September 30, 2016, our gross unrecognized tax benefits were $15.6 million reflecting an increase of $0.7 million from the unrecognized amount of $14.9 million at December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2  016, we have $3.2 million accrued for interest and penalties related to these unrecognized tax benefits. To the extent all or a portion of our gross unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in the future, no U.S. federal tax benefit for related state incom  e tax deductions would result due to the existence of the U.S. federal valuation allowance. We anticipate that approximately $0.9 million aggregate of unrecognized tax benefits, each of which are individually immaterial, will decrease in the next twelve mo  nths due to the expiration of statutes of limitation. As of September 30, 2016, we have unrecognized various foreign and U.S. state tax benefits of approximately $6.1 million, which, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate in future periods.  

11. STOCK OPTION PLANS AND STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 Stock Option Plan 
 We have one active equity compensation plan, the DJO 2007 Incentive Stock Plan (2007 Plan) under which we are authorized to grant awards of restricted and unrestricted stock, options, and other stock-based awards based on the shares of common stock of our indirect parent, DJO, subject to adjustment in certain events. The total number of shares available to grant under the 2007 Plan is 10,575,529. 
 Options issued under the 2007 Plan can be either incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of stock options granted will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and the options will expire no more than ten years from the date of grant.        
 In September 2015, all outstanding options granted to employees between 2008 and 2011 were amended to modify the vesting terms of the portion of the options which vest on achievement of a minimum multiple of invested capital (MOIC) from a MOIC of 2.25 for one-third of the options and a MOIC of 2.5 for an additional one-third of the options to a single MOIC vesting component covering two-thirds of the options with the terms described below.  As amended, the options granted between 2008 and 2011 vest as follows: (i) one-third of each stock option grant vests over a specified period of time contingent solely upon the option holder s continued employment or service with us (Time-Based Options); and, (ii) two-thirds of each stock option grant will vest upon achieving MOIC with respect to Blackstone s aggregate investment in DJO s capital stock, to be achieved by Blackstone following a liquidation of all or a portion of its investment in DJO s capital stock (Market Return Options). The Market Return Options provide for vesting within a range of achievement of a MOIC multiple between 1.5 and 2.25. If Blackstone sells all or a portion of its equity interests in DJO while the options are outstanding, then the unvested Market Return Options will vest and become exercisable as follows: 1) 25% of the options will vest and become exercisable if Blackstone realizes a MOIC of 1.5 times its equity investment in DJO; 2) 100% of the options will vest and become exercisable if Blackstone realizes a MOIC of at least 2.25 times its equity investment in DJO; and 3) if Blackstone realizes a MOIC of greater than 1.5 times its equity investment but less than 2.25 times its equity investment, then 25% of the options will vest and become exercisable and a percentage of the remaining unvested options will vest and become exercisable with such percentage equal to a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual MOIC realized by Blackstone, less 1.5 and the denominator of which is 0.75. 
 In July 2015, all outstanding options granted to employees in 2012 and later years were amended to modify the MOIC vesting provision as described below. These options vest in four equal installments beginning with the year of grant and for each of the three calendar years following the year of grant, with each such installment vesting only if the final reported financial results for such year show that the Adjusted EBITDA for such year equaled or exceeded the Adjusted EBITDA amount in the financial plan approved by DJO s Board of Directors for such year (Performance Options). In the event that the Adjusted EBITDA in any of such four years falls short of the amount of Adjusted EBITDA in the financial plan for that year, the installment that did not therefore vest at the end of such year shall be eligible for subsequent vesting at the end of the four year vesting period if the cumulative Adjusted EBITDA for such four years equals or exceeds the cumulative Adjusted EBITDA in the financial plans for such four years and the Adjusted EBITDA in the fourth vesting year equals or exceeds the Adjusted EBITDA in the financial plan for such year. In addition, as amended in July 2015, such options also provide that in the event Blackstone achieves the same MOIC requirement described above for the Market Return Options, any unvested installments from prior years and all installments for future years shall thereupon vest. 
 In February 2013, 310,000 options previously granted to new employees in 2012 were amended to convert one-third of such options into Time-Based Options, with the remaining two-thirds continuing to be Performance Options. Additionally, all 2012 Performance Options were amended to allow for vesting of the 2012 Adjusted EBITDA tranche if the 2013 Adjusted EBITDA results equal or exceed an enhanced amount of Adjusted EBITDA over the amount reflected in the 2013 financial plan. The 2013 Adjusted EBITDA results were not met. In February 2014, all 2012 and 2013 Performance Options were amended to allow for vesting of the 2012 and 2013 Adjusted EBITDA tranches if the 2014 Adjusted EBITDA results equaled or exceeded an enhanced amount of Adjusted EBITDA reflected in the 2014 financial plan. Because the required 2014 Adjusted EBITDA results were not achieved, those tranches did not vest.  
 18 

Options   granted in 2013 and 2014 to existing employees had the same terms as the Performance Options described above and options granted to new employees in 2013 and 2014 had the same terms as the options amended in February 2013.   Commencing with options granted   in September 2015, options granted to existing employees have the same terms as the Market Return Options, and options granted to new employees consist of one-third Time-Based Options and two-thirds Market Return Options.    
 In 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, options were granted to employees following the net exercise of the options they received in 2007 in exchange for options that had previously been granted in DJO s predecessor company (Rollover Options), which were scheduled to expire in 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively. These new options were fully vested on the date of grant and have a term of ten years (Vested Options). 
 Except for options granted to the Chairman of the Board and two other board members as described below, options are typically granted annually to members of our Board of Directors who are not affiliates of Blackstone (referred to as Director Service Options). The Director Service Options vest in increments of 33 1/3% per year on each of the first through third anniversary dates of the grant date, contingent upon the optionee s continued service as a director. The options granted to the Chairman of the Board and the two other board members vest as follows: one-third of the stock option grant vests in increments of 33 1/3% per year on each of the first through third anniversary dates from the grant date contingent upon the optionee s continued service as a director; and, as amended in July 2015, two-thirds of the stock option grant will vest in the same manner as the Market Return Options. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the compensation committee granted 992,818 options to employees, of which 646,998 were Market Return Options, 171,002 were Time-Based Options and 174,818 were Vested Options. Additionally, the compensation committee granted 18,800 Director Service Options to members of the Board of Directors. The weighted average grant date fair value of the Time-Based Options, Director Service Options and Vested Options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $5.99, $5.98, and $5.25 respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 26, 2015, the compensation committee granted 858,621 options to employees, of which 444,169 were Performance Options, 265,000 were Market Return Options, 128,331 were Time-Based Options and 21,121 were Vested Options. Additionally, the compensation committee granted 23,000 Director Service Options to members of the Board of Directors. The weighted average grant date fair values of the Time-Based Options, the Vested Options, and the Director Service Options, granted during the nine months ended September 26, 2015 were $6.04, $5.27, and $6.92, respectively.   
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant, or modification, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for service based awards, and a binomial model for market based awards. In estimating fair value for options issued under the 2007 Plan, expected volatility was based on historical volatility of comparable publicly-traded companies. As our historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term, we used the simplified method. Expected life is calculated in two tranches based on the employment level defined as executive or employee. The risk-free rate used in calculating fair value of stock options for periods within the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield bond curve in effect on the date of grant. 
 The following table summarizes certain assumptions we used to estimate the fair value of the Time-Based Options, the Vested Options and the Director Service Options granted: 

19 

We recorded non-cash stock-based compensation expense during the periods presented as follows (in thousands):  

We have determined that it is not probable that we will meet the Adjusted EBITDA targets related to the Performance Options granted. As such, we did not recognize expense for any of the options which had the potential to vest in 2016. Additionally, we have not recognized expense for any of the options which have the potential to vest based on Adjusted EBITDA for 2017, and 2018 as some of these targets have not yet been established and we are unable to assess the probability of achieving such targets. Accordingly, during each of the periods presented above we recognized stock-based compensation expense only for the Time-Based Options, the Vested Options and the Director Service Options. 
 In each of the periods presented above, we recognized stock-based compensation expense only for Time-Based Options granted to employees, as the performance components of the Market Return Options are not deemed probable at this time. 
 Stock based compensation expense for options granted to non-employees was not significant to the Company for all periods presented, and was included in Selling, general and administrative expense in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12. MEMBERSHIP DEFICIT 
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, DJO issued 43,086 shares of its common stock upon the net exercise of vested stock options that had been granted to current and former employees in 2007 in exchange for options that had previously been granted in the predecessor company to DJO ( Rollover Options ). Our stock incentive plan permits participants to exercise stock options using a net exercise method. In a net exercise, we withhold from the total number of shares that otherwise would be issued to a participant upon exercise of the stock option such number of shares having a fair market value at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate option exercise price and applicable income tax withholdings, and remit the remaining shares to the participant. The current and former employees exercised these Rollover Options for a total of 312,925 shares of DJO s common stock, from which we withheld 269,839 shares to cover $4.4 million of aggregate option exercise price and income tax withholdings and issued the remaining 43,086 shares. 

13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Blackstone Management Partners LLC (BMP) has agreed to provide certain monitoring, advisory and consulting services to us for an annual monitoring fee equal to the greater of $7.0 million or 2% of consolidated EBITDA as defined in the Transaction and Monitoring Fee Agreement, payable in the first quarter of each year. The monitoring fee agreement will continue until the earlier of November 2019, or such date as DJO and BMP may mutually determine. DJO has agreed to indemnify BMP and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from and against all liabilities relating to the services contemplated by the Transaction and Monitoring Fee Agreement and the engagement of BMP pursuant to, and the performance of BMP and its affiliates of the services contemplated by, the Transaction and Monitoring Fee Agreement. At any time in connection with or in anticipation of a change of control of DJO, a sale of all or substantially all of DJO s assets or an initial public offering of common stock of DJO, BMP may elect to receive, in lieu of remaining annual monitoring fee payments, a single lump sum cash payment equal to the then-present value of all then-current and future annual monitoring fees payable under the Transaction and Monitoring Fee Agreement, assuming a hypothetical termination date of the agreement to be November 2019. For each of the three and nine month periods presented, we expensed $1.75 million and $5.25 million, respectively, related to the annual monitoring fee, which is recorded as a component of Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

20 

14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
 California Qui Tam Action 
 On October 11, 2013, we were served with a summons and complaint related to a qui tam action filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles, California in August 2012 and amended in December 2012 that names us as a defendant along with each of the other companies that manufactures and sells external bone growth stimulators for spinal applications. The case is captioned United States of America, et al.ex re. Doris Modglin and Russ Milko, v. DJO Global, Inc., DJO, LLC, DJO Finance LLC, Orthofix, Inc., Biomet, Inc., and EBI, LP., Case No. CV12-7152-MMM (JCGx) (C.D. Cal.). The plaintiffs, or relators, allege that the defendants have violated federal and state false claim acts by seeking reimbursement for bone growth stimulators for uses outside of the FDA approved indications for use for such products. The plaintiffs are seeking treble damages alleged to have been sustained by the United States and the states, penalties and attorney s fees and costs. The federal government and all of the named states have declined to intervene in this case. We filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint, which motion was granted with leave to amend. Relators then filed a third amended complaint and we filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint and that motion has been granted without leave to amend as to the federal false claim act allegations. The Court declined jurisdiction over the remaining state claims. Relators have appealed the decision to the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  
 Empi Investigation 
 Our subsidiary, Empi, Inc., was served with a federal administrative subpoena dated May 11, 2015, issued by the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Defense ( OIG ) seeking a variety of documents primarily relating to the supply of home electrotherapy units and supplies by Empi to beneficiaries covered under medical insurance programs sponsored or administered by TRICARE, the Defense Health Agency and the Department of Defense. The subpoena sought discovery of documents for the period January 2010 through May 2015. The Company is cooperating with the U.S. Attorney s Office in Minnesota (USAO), which is handling the investigation of issues related to the subpoena. We have produced responsive documents to the USAO and are fully cooperating in the investigation. We may need to devote significant time and resources to this inquiry and can give no assurances as to its final outcome, nor can the Company estimate a range of potential loss or whether the outcome will have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.          
 New Jersey Orthotics Investigation 
 In July 2013 we were served with a subpoena under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act seeking documents relating to the fitting of custom-fabricated or custom-fitted orthoses in the states of New Jersey, Washington and Texas. The subpoena was issued by the United States Attorney s Office for the District of New Jersey in connection with an investigation of compliance with professional licensing statutes in those states relating to the practice of orthotics. We have supplied the documents requested under the subpoena. We cannot provide any assurance as to the outcome of the investigation or that any consequences will not have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

15. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
 For the periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015, we reported our business in four operating segments: Bracing and Vascular; Recovery Sciences; Surgical Implant and International. 
 Bracing and Vascular Segment 
 Our Bracing and Vascular segment, which generates its revenues in the United States, offers our rigid knee bracing products, orthopedic soft goods, cold therapy products, vascular systems, therapeutic shoes and inserts and compression therapy products, primarily under the DonJoy, ProCare, Aircast, Dr. Comfort, Bell-Horn and Exos brands. This segment also includes our OfficeCare channel, through which we maintain an inventory of soft goods and other products at healthcare facilities, primarily orthopedic practices, for immediate distribution to patients. The Bracing and Vascular segment primarily sells its products to orthopedic and sports medicine professionals, hospitals, podiatry practices, orthotic and prosthetic centers, home medical equipment providers and independent pharmacies. In 2014 we expanded our consumer channel to focus on marketing, selling and distributing our products, including bracing and vascular products, to professional and consumer retail customers and online. The bracing and vascular products sold through this channel are principally sold under the DonJoy Performance, Bell-Horn and Dr. Comfort brands. 
 21 

Recovery Sciences Segment  
 Our Recovery Sciences segment, which generates its revenues in the United States, is divided into three main channels: 

CMF  . Our CMF channel sells our bone growth stimulation products. We sell these products either directly to patients or to independent distributors. For products sold to patients, we arrange billing to the patients and their third party payors.     

Chattanooga  . Our Chattanooga channel offers products in the clinical rehabilitation market in the category of clinical electrotherapy devices, clinical traction devices, and other clinical products and supplies such as treatment tables, continuous passive motion (CPM) devices and dry heat therapy.     

Consumer  . Our consumer channel offers professional and consumer retail customers our Compex electrostimulation device, which is used in training programs to aid muscle development and to accelerate muscle recovery after training sessions.     

 Surgical Implant Segment 
 Our Surgical Implant segment, which generates its revenues in the United States, develops, manufactures and markets a wide variety of knee, hip and shoulder implant products that serve the orthopedic reconstructive joint implant market. 
 International Segment 
 Our International segment, which generates most of its revenues in Europe, sells all of our products and certain third-party products through a combination of direct sales representatives and independent distributors. 
 Information regarding our reportable business segments is presented below (in thousands). Segment results exclude the impact of amortization and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, certain general corporate expenses, and charges related to various integration activities, as defined by management. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company. We allocate resources and evaluate the performance of segments based on net sales, gross profit, operating income and other non-GAAP measures, as defined in our Credit Facilities. We do not allocate assets to reportable segments because a significant portion of our assets are shared by the segments. 

22 

Geographic Area  
 Following are our net sales by geographic area (in thousands): 

23 

16. SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DJOFL and its direct wholly-owned subsidiary, DJO Finance Corp. (DJO Finco), jointly issued the 8.125% Notes, 10.75% Notes and 9.75% Notes. DJO Finco was formed solely to act as a co-issuer of the notes, has only nominal assets and does not conduct any operations. The indentures generally prohibit DJO Finco from holding any assets, becoming liable for any obligations or engaging in any business activity. 
 The 8.125% Notes are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior secured basis by all of DJOFL s domestic subsidiaries (other than the co-issuer) that are 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by DJOFL (the Guarantors). The 10.75% Notes are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a secured basis by the Guarantors. The 9.75% Notes are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured senior subordinated basis by the Guarantors. Our foreign subsidiaries (the Non-Guarantors) do not guarantee the notes. 
 The following tables present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of DJOFL, the Guarantors, the Non-Guarantors and certain eliminations for the periods presented. 
 DJO Finance LLC 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
 As of September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

24 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

25 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

26 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

27 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands)  

28 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

29 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

30 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
 For the Three Months Ended September 26, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

31 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 26, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

32 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 For the Three Months Ended September 26, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

33 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 26, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

34 

DJO Finance LLC  
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 26, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

17. SUBSEQUENT EVENT 
 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we initiated the restructure of our business units. A change in reportable segments will occur as a result of this restructuring. We will restate segment information for all periods presented in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 2017. 

35 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 Introduction 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to provide an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and where appropriate, factors that may affect future performance. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto as well as the other financial data included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. References to  us,   we,   DJOFL,   our,  or  the Company,  refers to DJO Finance LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This report, and the following management s discussion and analysis, contain  forward looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. To the extent that any statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements that, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified because they use words like  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  expects ,  forecasts ,  future ,  intends ,  plans  and similar terms. Specifically, statements referencing, without limitation, growth in sales of our products, profit margins and the sufficiency of our cash flow for future liquidity and capital resource needs may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The section entitled  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 25, 2016 describes these important risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation, and/or liquidity. Results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results included in these statements as a result of these or other factors. 
 Overview of Business 
 We are a global developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-quality medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. 
 Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. In addition, many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatment. Our product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical implant business offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. 
 Our products are marketed under a portfolio of brands including Aircast   , DonJoy   , DonJoy Performance   ,  ProCare   , CMF , MotionCare TM , Chattanooga, DJO Surgical, Dr. Comfort , Compex   , Bell-Horn  and Exos . 
 Operating Segments 
 The Company s continuing operations consist of four operating segments; Bracing and Vascular; Recovery Sciences; Surgical Implant; and International. See Note 15 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for financial and other additional information regarding our segments. 
 36 

The f  ollowing table presents financial information for our reportable segments for the periods presented. Segment results exclude the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain general corporate expenses, and non-recurring and integration charges.  

37 

Results of Operations  
 The following table sets forth our statements of operations as a percentage of net sales ($ in thousands): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 (third quarter 2016) compared to Three Months Ended September 26, 2015 (third quarter 2015) 
 Net Sales . Net sales for third quarter 2016 increased 3.2% to $287.0 million, compared to net sales of $278.3 million for third quarter 2015. The increase was primarily driven by our Surgical Implant and International segments. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates was negligible for third quarter 2016 compared to third quarter 2015.   
 The following table sets forth our net sales by operating segment ($ in thousands): 

Net sales in our Bracing and Vascular segment were $134.4 million for third quarter 2016, an increase of 0.9% from net sales of $133.2 million for third quarter 2015. The increase was driven by growth in our direct consumer, Aircast and ProCare products, partially offset by lower sales of our Dr. Comfort therapeutic footwear due to disruption as we transitioned our Dr. Comfort therapeutic footwear manufacturing and distribution to a new ERP system and market pressure in the therapeutic shoe market.  
 38 

Net sales in our Recovery Sciences segment were $39.8 million   for third quarter 2016, an increase of 5.0% from net sales of $37.9 million for third quarter 2015. The increase was driven by higher Chattanooga sales as well as strong sales of consumer retail Compex muscle stimulator devices.   
 Net sales in our Surgical Implant segment were $40.9 million for third quarter 2016, an increase of 8.5% from net sales of $37.7 million for third quarter 2015. The increase was primarily driven by strong organic growth in shoulder, hip and knee products of 22.7%, 23.2% and 68.9%, respectively, due to new product introductions and new account acquisition. The increase was partially offset by a decline in bone cement sales compared to the third quarter 2015 as the selling of the bone cement products transitioned to the Company s sales force in the first quarter of 2016 from the Zimmer Biomet sales force (which had continued to sell bone cement products on the Company s behalf during a transition period following the closing of the acquisition). 
 Net sales in our International segment were $72.0 million for third quarter 2016, an increase of 3.5% from net sales of $69.5 million for third quarter 2015. In constant currency, excluding an unfavorable impact of $0.8 million related to changes in foreign exchange rates in effect during third quarter 2016 compared to third quarter 2015, net sales increased 4.7%. Growth in direct markets, primarily France, Canada and Australia, were offset by challenges in export markets due to a stronger U.S. dollar.   
 Cost of Sales . As a percentage of net sales, cost of sales increased to 42.7% for third quarter 2016, compared to 41.1% for third quarter 2015 mainly due to a mix between and within the reporting segments and higher operations costs to recover service levels from delayed shipments as we transitioned our Dr. Comfort therapeutic footwear manufacturing and distribution to a new ERP.  
 Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) . SG A expenses increased to $114.8 million for third quarter 2016, from $113.7 million in third quarter 2015. As a percentage of net sales, SG A expenses remained relatively flat at 40.0% and 40.8% for third quarter 2016 and third quarter 2015, respectively.   
 Research and Development (R D) . R D expenses were $8.5 million for third quarter 2016, compared to $7.6 million in third quarter 2015. As a percentage of net sales, R D expenses increased to 3.0% for third quarter 2016 from 2.7% for third quarter 2015. The company continues to focus on the development of new products, as well as the enhancement of existing products with the latest technology and updated designs, primarily our Bracing and Vascular and Surgical Implant segments.  
 Amortization of Intangible Assets . Amortization of intangible assets decreased to $19.0 million for third quarter 2016, from $20.2 million for third quarter 2015. The decrease is due to certain intangible assets reaching full amortization primarily in our patents and technology category.   
 Interest Expense, net . Our interest expense, net was $42.7 million for third quarter 2016 compared to $42.1 million for third quarter 2015. The increase is due to a higher balance on our senior secured credit facilities for third quarter 2016 compared to third quarter 2015.  
 Other Income (Expense), Net . Other expense, net, decreased to $20.0 thousand for third quarter 2016 from $3.1 million for third quarter 2015. Results for both periods presented primarily represent net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses.  
 Income Tax Provision . For third quarter 2016, we recorded an income tax provision of $2.2 million on a pre-tax loss of $20.5 million, resulting in a negative effective tax rate of 10.6%. For third quarter 2015, we recorded a tax provision of $2.1 million on pre-tax losses of $23.0 million, resulting in a negative effective tax rate of 9.2%.   
 We recorded income tax expense in the period, although there were pre-tax losses.  The income tax expense recorded primarily relates to foreign tax expense and the accrual of non-cash tax expense related to an additional valuation allowance recorded in connection with the tax amortization of indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Our tax rates are sometimes negative because our U.S. federal tax losses, and certain state tax losses, are unavailable to offset income taxes arising in other states and in the foreign jurisdictions where we are subject to tax. In addition, we do not currently recognize a tax benefit for our U.S. and state tax loss carryovers because we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not the carryovers will be available to offset future taxable income. 
 39 

Discontinued Operations.   During the fourth quarter of 2015, we ceased production, selling and billing operations of our Empi product line, and as a result, our Empi business is reported as a discontinued operation. Income of $0.1   million was recognized for   third quarter   2016, primarily consisting of income from liquidation of certain assets offset by severance and other termination costs. Net loss from discontinued operations was $152.5 million for   third quarter   of 2015.     
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (nine months 2016) compared to Nine Months Ended September 26, 2015 (nine months 2015) 
 Net Sales . Net sales for nine months 2016 increased 6.6% to $858.8 million, compared to net sales of $805.7 million for nine months 2015. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates, net sales increased 7.0% for nine months 2016 compared to nine months 2015. The Company operates on a manufacturing calendar. Each quarter consists of thirteen weeks, two four week and one five week period. Our nine months may have more or fewer shipping days from year to year based on the days of the week on which holidays fall. The first nine months of 2016 had four more shipping days than in the first nine months of 2015. Adjusted for the number of shipping days and the 0.4% negative impact of currency exchange rates, net sales grew 4.7% over the prior year nine months. The increase was primarily driven by our Surgical Implant segment as a result of assets purchased from Zimmer Biomet in third quarter 2015.  
 The following table sets forth our net sales by operating segment ($ in thousands): 

Net sales in our Bracing and Vascular segment were $390.4 million for nine months 2016, an increase of 1.9% from net sales of $383.3 million for nine months 2015. Adjusted for the number of shipping days, net sales increased 1.1% in nine months 2016 compared to nine months 2015. The increase was driven by growth in our direct consumer products as well as our Aircast and ProCare products, partially offset by lower sales of our Dr. Comfort therapeutic footwear.  
   
 Net sales in our Recovery Sciences segment were $114.8 million for nine months 2016, an increase of 2.0% from net sales of $112.5 million for nine months 2015. Adjusted for the number of shipping days, net sales in our Recovery Sciences segment decreased 2.5% for nine months 2016 compared to the prior year nine months. The decrease was driven by lower sales of spine products to our insurance and wholesale customers partially offset by strong sales of consumer retail Compex muscle stimulator devices and growth in Chattanooga product sales.  
 Net sales in our Surgical Implant segment were $126.5 million for nine months 2016, an increase of 36.5% from net sales of $92.6 million for nine months 2015. Adjusted for the number of shipping days, net sales in our Surgical Implant segment grew 33.7% over the prior year nine months. The increase was primarily driven by sales of bone cement and new account acquisition due to contribution from new sales representatives attained as a result of the assets purchased from Zimmer Biomet in third quarter 2015. The segment also had strong organic growth in shoulder, hip and knee products due to new product introductions.  
 Net sales in our International segment were $227.1 million for nine months 2016, an increase of 4.6% from net sales of $217.2 million for nine months 2015. In constant currency, excluding an unfavorable impact of $3.4 million related to changes in foreign exchange rates in effect during nine months 2016 compared to the rates in effect in nine months 2015, net sales increased 6.1% for nine months 2016 compared to nine months 2015. Adjusted for the number of shipping days, net sales in our International segment increased 3.7% for nine months 2016 compared to nine months 2015. Growth in direct markets, primarily France, Spain and Australia, were offset by challenges in export markets due to a stronger U.S. dollar.   
 Cost of Sales . As a percentage of net sales, cost of sales increased to 42.0% for nine months 2016, compared to 41.4% for nine months mainly due to mix between and within the reporting segments and higher operations costs to recover service levels from delayed shipments as we transitioned our Dr. Comfort therapeutic footwear manufacturing and distribution facility to a new ERP.  
 40 

Selling, General and Administrative (SG A)  . SG A expenses increased to $358.3 million for nine months 2016, from $329  .5 million in nine months 2015, consistent as a percentage of revenue at 41.8% and 41.0%, respectively. The increase was mainly due to variable expenses related to additional shipping days and sales growth in nine months 2016 and integration costs in our S  urgical Implant segment related to our asset purchase from Zimmer Biomet.  
 Research and Development (R D) . R D expenses were $28.5 million for nine months 2016, compared to $25.2 million in nine months 2015, constant as a percentage of net sales at 3.3% and 3.1% of net sales, respectively. The company continues to focus on the development of new products, as well as the enhancement of existing products with the latest technology and updated designs, primarily our Bracing and Vascular and Surgical Implant segments.  
 Amortization of Intangible Assets . Amortization of intangible assets decreased to $57.7 million for nine months 2016, from $59.9 million for nine months 2015. The decrease is due to certain intangible assets reaching full amortization primarily in our patents and technology category.   
 Interest Expense, net . Our interest expense, net was $127.3 million for nine months 2016 compared to $129.6 million for nine months 2015. The decrease is due to lower weighted average interest rates on our senior secured credit facilities.  
 Other Income (Expense), Net . Other income (expense), net, increased to income of $0.7 million for nine months 2016 from expense of $6.5 million for nine months 2015. Results for both periods presented primarily represent net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses.  
 Income Tax Provision . For nine months 2016, we recorded an income tax provision of $11.2 million on a pre-tax loss of $73.4 million, resulting in a negative effective tax rate of 15.2%. For nine months 2015, we recorded a tax provision of $10.0 million on pre-tax losses of $147.1 million, resulting in a negative effective tax rate of 6.8%.   
 We recorded income tax expense in the period, although there were pre-tax losses.  The income tax expense primarily relates to foreign tax expense and the accrual of non-cash tax expense related to an additional valuation allowance recorded in connection with the tax amortization of indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Our tax rates are sometimes negative because our U.S. federal tax losses, and certain state tax losses, are unavailable to offset income taxes arising in other states and in the foreign jurisdictions where we are subject to tax. In addition, we do not currently recognize a tax benefit for our U.S. and state tax loss carryovers because we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not the carryovers will be available to offset future taxable income. 
 Discontinued Operations.  During the fourth quarter of 2015, we ceased production, selling and billing operations of our Empi product line, and as a result, our Empi business is reported as a discontinued operation. Income of $0.8 million was recognized for nine months 2016, primarily consisting of income from liquidation of certain assets offset by severance and other termination costs. Net loss from discontinued operations was $133.7 million for nine months of 2015.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2016, our primary sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents totaling $46.4 million and our $150.0 million ABL Facility, of which $78.8 million was available. Our revolving loan balance under our ABL Facility was $65.0 million as of September 30, 2016, in addition to a $5.7 million outstanding letter of credit related to our travel and entertainment corporate card program and a $0.5 million outstanding letter of credit related to collateral requirements under our product liability insurance policy. Working capital at September 30, 2016 was $215.2 million. 
 We believe that our existing cash, plus the amounts we expect to generate from operations and amounts available through our ABL Facility, will be sufficient to meet our operating needs for the next twelve months, including working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt and interest repayment obligations. While we currently believe that we will be able to meet all of the financial covenants imposed by our senior secured credit facilities, there is no assurance that we will in fact be able to do so or that, if we do not, we will be able to obtain from our lenders waivers of default or amendments to the senior secured credit facilities.  
 As market conditions warrant, we and our equity holders, including Blackstone, its affiliates and members of our management, may from time to time, seek to purchase our outstanding debt securities or loans, including the notes and borrowings under our credit facilities, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. Subject to any applicable limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, any purchases made by us may be funded by the use of cash on our balance sheet or the incurrence of new secured or unsecured debt, including borrowings under our credit facilities. The amounts involved in any such purchase transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Any such purchases may be with respect to a substantial amount of a  
 41 

particular class or series of debt, with the attendant reduction in the trading liquidity of such clas  s or series. In addition, any such purchases made at prices below the  adjusted issue price  (as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) may result in taxable cancellation of indebtedness income to us, which amounts may be material, and in related ad  verse tax consequences to us.  
 Cash Flows 
 Operating activities from continuing operations provided $19.9 million and $11.5 million of cash for nine months 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash from operating activities for all periods presented primarily represented our net loss, adjusted for non-cash expenses and changes in working capital. Working capital provided $1.8 million in nine months 2016 primarily due to higher accrued interest due to timing of interest payments offset by increased accounts receivable from increased sales and higher inventory due to seasonality and to support growth in the Surgical Implant segment. For nine months 2016 and 2015, cash paid for interest was $92.9 million and $95.6 million, respectively. 
 Investing activities from continuing operations used $39.8 million and $51.6 million of cash for nine months 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash used in investing activities for nine months 2016 and 2015 was for purchases of property and consigned surgical instruments to support growth, vascular system pumps used as rental units and IT automation technology.   
 Financing activities provided cash of $27.1 million and $16.5 million in nine months 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash provided by financing activities in nine months 2016 and 2015 consisted of net borrowings under and repayments of our ABL Facility.  
 Indebtedness 
 The principal amount and carrying value of our debt, exclusive of debt issuance costs and net unamortized original issue discount of $36.5 million, was as follows for September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Credit Facilities. 
 Our credit facilities at September 30, 2016 consisted of $1,044.5 million term loans (the  Term Loan ) and a $150.0 million asset-based revolving credit facility (the  ABL Facility ), which mature on June 7, 2020 (collectively, the  Credit Facilities ). Our revolving loan balance under our ABL Facility was $65.0 million at September 30, 2016, in addition to a $5.7 million outstanding letter of credit related to our travel and entertainment corporate card program and a $0.5 million outstanding letter of credit related to collateral requirements under our product liability insurance policy. 
 We are required to repay installments on the term loans in quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of the term loans, with the remaining amount payable at maturity in June 2020. 
 Notes . Assuming we are in compliance with the terms of the indentures governing our 8.125% Notes, 10.75% Notes and 9.75% Notes 2021 we are not required to repay principal related to any of the notes prior to their final maturity dates of the notes. We pay interest semi-annually on the Notes.  
 See Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our indebtedness. 
 42 

Certain Covenants and Related Compliance  . Our Term Loan requires us to maintain a leverage ratio of debt from our Credit Facilities, net of cash, to Adjusted EBITDA of no higher than 5.35:1, computed on a trailing twelve month period commenci  ng on September 30, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) attributable to DJOFL plus: net interest expense,  income tax expense,  depreciation, and amortization, further adjusted for certain non-cash items, non-recurring items and other adj  ustment items, as described in our Term Loan agreement.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our actual first lien net leverage ratio was 4.11:1, meeting the requirement.   
 Our debt agreements restrict our ability to incur additional debt and make certain payments. The indentures governing our Notes generally permit additional debt only if the ratio of our Adjusted EBITDA to fixed charges is at least 2.00:1, or, in the case of additional debt to finance an acquisition, such ratio improves on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such incurrence. Our Credit Facilities permit us to incur additional debt for an acquisition only if the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to debt, net of cash, improves or is no higher than 7.50:1, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to acquisition and additional debt.  The indentures governing our Notes generally prevent us from making certain payments, such as dividends and junior debt prepayments, unless the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to fixed charges is at least 2.00:1 on a pro forma basis. Our ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to fixed charges for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 was 1.55:1. Fixed charges, as defined in the indentures, generally means consolidated interest expense plus all cash dividends or other distributions paid on certain preferred equity. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income or other performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flow from operations as a measure of our liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent net income (loss) or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by GAAP and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. In particular, the definition of Adjusted EBITDA in our debt agreements allows us to add back certain non-cash, extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges that are deducted in calculating net loss. However, these are expenses that may recur, vary greatly and are difficult to predict. While Adjusted EBITDA and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements, Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation. 
 As described above, our Credit Facilities and Notes represent significant components of our capital structure. We have pledged substantially all of our assets as collateral under the Credit Facilities and Notes. If we fail to comply with the leverage and other requirements of our Credit Facilities and Notes, we would be in default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders and the trustee for the Notes could, subject to certain provisions described in the agreements by which we can cure the default, declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable. In addition, the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under Credit Facilities and investors in our Notes could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. Our ability to meet the covenants described in our Credit Facilities and Notes will depend on future events, some of which are beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet those covenants.  
 43 

The following table provides a   reconciliation from our net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015 and the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands). The terms and related calculations are defined in the credit a  greement relating to our senior secured credit facilities and the Indentures.  

(a)   
 
 Non-cash items are comprised of the following (in thousands):    

(1)   
 
 Purchase accounting adjustments consisted of amortization of fair market value inventory adjustments for all periods presented.    

(b)   
 
 Non-recurring and integration charges are comprised of the following (in thousands):    

(1)   
 
 Consists of direct acquisition costs and integration expenses related to acquired businesses and costs related to potential acquisitions.    

(2)   
 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, litigation and regulatory costs consisted of $2.8 million in litigation costs related to ongoing product liability issues and $13.2 million related to other litigation and regulatory costs and settlements.    

 44 

(3)   
 
    For the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, other non-recurring items consisted of $1.7 million in specifically identified non-recurring operational and regulatory projects and $0.2 million in other non-recurring travel   and professional fees.     

(c)   
 
 Other adjustment items before permitted pro forma adjustments are comprised of the following (in thousands):    

(1)   
 
 Loss on modification and extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 26, 2015 consisted of $47.8 million in premiums related to the redemption of our 8.75% Notes, 9.875% Notes and 7.75% Notes, $11.9 million related to the non-cash write off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount associated with the portion of our debt that was extinguished and $8.3 million of arrangement and amendment fees and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with the refinancing.     

(2)   
 
 Other adjustments consist primarily of net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses.    

(  d)   
 
 Permitted pro forma adjustments include future cost savings related to the exit of our Empi business and the restructuring of our Recovery Sciences segment.    

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 There are currently no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition. 
 Contractual Commitments 
 There have been no material changes outside the normal course of business in our contractual obligations as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks as part of our ongoing business operations, primarily risks from changing interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to the risk of rising interest rates. We have historically managed our interest rate risk by including components of both fixed and variable debt in our capital structure. For our fixed rate debt, interest rate changes may affect the market value of the debt, but do not impact our earnings or cash flow. Conversely, for our variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of the debt, but do impact future earnings and cash flow, assuming other factors are constant. As of September 30, 2016, we have $1,315.0 million of aggregate fixed rate notes and $1,109.5 million of borrowings under our credit facilities which bear interest at floating rates. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in variable interest rates for the floating rate borrowings would have impacted our earnings and cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 by $2.5 million. As of September 30, 2016, our term loans are subject to a 1.00% minimum LIBOR rate which is higher than the actual LIBOR rate of 0.52% as of September 30, 2016. Accordingly, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the LIBOR rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 would have increased the rate applicable to our variable debt by 0.52%.  In October 2015, we executed interest rate caps with an  
 45 

aggregate notional amount of $500.0 million and a cap rate of 1.00% to mitigate some of the e  xposure. We may use additional derivative financial instruments where appropriate to manage our interest rate risk (see Note 7 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 2, herein). However, as a matter of policy,   we do not enter into derivative or other financial investments for trading or speculative purposes.  
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our wholly owned foreign subsidiaries are consolidated into our financial results and are subject to risks typical of an international business including, but not limited to, differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other regulations and restrictions and foreign exchange volatility. To date, we have not used international currency derivatives to hedge against our investment in our subsidiaries or their operating results, which are converted into U.S. Dollars at period-end and average foreign exchange rates, respectively. However, as we continue to expand our business through acquisitions and organic growth, the sales of our products that are denominated in foreign currencies has increased, as well as the costs associated with our foreign subsidiaries which operate in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, our future results could be materially impacted by changes in these or other factors. 
 We are exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly with respect to the Euro and the Mexican Peso (MXN). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales denominated in foreign currencies accounted for 21.0% and 23.7% of our consolidated net sales, of which 13.4% and 16.1% were denominated in the Euro, respectively. In addition, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies arises because certain of our subsidiaries enter into purchase or sale transactions using a currency other than the subsidiaries  functional currencies. Accordingly, our future results could be materially impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates or other factors. Occasionally, we seek to reduce the potential impact of currency fluctuations on our business through hedging transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we utilized MXN foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as our Mexico-based manufacturing operations incur costs that are largely denominated in MXN (see Note 7 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, herein). As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as the term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter covered by this report. Based on this evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the quarter covered by this report, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

46 

PART II   OTHE  R INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are plaintiffs or defendants in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of our business, some of which involve claims for damages that are substantial in amount. We believe that the disposition of claims currently pending will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. There have been no material developments in the Legal Proceedings discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For a discussion of the Company s potential risks or uncertainties, please see Part I, Item IA, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 25, 2016. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in such Form 10-K. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Iran Sanctions Related Disclosure 
 Under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012 ( ITRSHRA ), which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, we are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our  affiliates  knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings related to Iran or certain designated parties during the period covered by the report. An issuer must also concurrently file a separate notice with the SEC that such activities have been disclosed. We are not presently aware that we or our consolidated subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in any transaction or dealing reportable under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   
 Because the SEC defines the term  affiliate  broadly, it includes any entity controlled by us as well as any person or entity that controls us or is under common control with us ( control  is also construed broadly by the SEC). As a result, The Blackstone Group L.P. ( Blackstone ), an affiliate of our major shareholder, and certain of the companies in which Blackstone s affiliated funds are invested ( portfolio companies ), may be deemed to be our affiliates. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, Blackstone and certain of its portfolio companies included information in its periodic reports filed with the SEC regarding activities of its portfolio companies that require disclosure under the ITRSHR. These disclosures are reproduced in Exhibit 99.1 of this report and are incorporated by reference herein. We have no involvement in or control over such activities and we have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of the disclosures described in the filing. 
   
 Appointment of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 On September 6, 2016, our parent company, DJO Global, Inc. announced that it had appointed Mike Eklund as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of DJO Global, Inc. effective September 12, 2016. Pursuant to a written consent dated November 7, 2016, the Board of Managers of DJOFL also confirmed the appointment of Mike Eklund as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of DJOFL. 
 47 

ITEM 6. E  XHIBITS  
 (a)  Exhibits  

3.1  
 
 Certificate of Formation of DJOFL and amendments thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to DJOFL s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007).  

3.2  
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of DJOFL (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to DJOFL s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed April 18, 2007 (File No. 333-142188)).  

10.1+  
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2016, between DJO Global, Inc. and Mike Eklund.  

10.2+  
 
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement, between DJO Global, Inc. and Mike Eklund.  

10.3+  
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, between DJO Global, Inc. and Mike Eklund.    

31.1+  
 
 Certification (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14a) by Chief Executive Officer.  

31.2+  
 
 Certification (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14a) by Chief Financial Officer.  

32.1+  
 
 Section 1350 Certification (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) by Chief Executive Officer.  

32.2+  
 
 Section 1350 Certification (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) by Chief Financial Officer.  

99.1+  
 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure Iran Sanctions.  

101+  
 
 The following financial information from DJO Finance LLC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015, (iii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015, (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, (v) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 26, 2015 and (vi) the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

+   
 
 Filed herewith    

48 

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DJO FINANCE LLC  

Date: November 8, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL  P. M OGUL   

Michael P. Mogul  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 8, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/  MICHAEL EKLUND   

Michael Eklund  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

49  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 djo-ex101_196.htm
 EX-10.1

djo-ex101_196.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 (Mike Eklund; Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer) 
   EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ) dated as of August 25, 2016 by and between DJO Global, Inc. (the   Company  ) and Mike Eklund (the   Executive  ). 
   The Company desires to employ Executive and to enter into an employment agreement embodying the terms of such employment. 
   Executive desires to accept such employment and enter into such agreement. 
   In consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows: 
       1.    Term of Employment .  Subject to the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement, Executive shall be employed by the Company and certain of its affiliates for a period commencing on October 3, 2016 (the   Start Date  ) and ending two years later on October 2, 2018 (the   Employment Term  ) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that commencing with October 3, 2018 and on each October 3 thereafter (each an   Extension Date    ), the Employment Term shall be automatically extended for an additional one-year period, unless the Company or Executive provides the other party hereto 60 days prior Notice before the next Extension Date that the Employment Term shall not be so extended. 
    2.     Position  .  
   (a) During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.  In such position, Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer and have such duties and authority as are customary for the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and as shall be otherwise determined from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer. 
   (b) During the Employment Term, Executive will devote Executive s full business time and best business efforts to the performance of Executive s duties as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the rendition of such services either directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer;  provided  that nothing herein shall preclude Executive, (i) from engaging in charitable and civic activities, including accepting appointment to or continuing to serve on any board of directors or trustees of any charitable organization or (ii) subject to the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer, from accepting appointment to or continuing to serve on any board of directors or trustees of any business corporation;  provided  in each case, and in the aggregate, that such activities do not conflict or interfere with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder or the terms of any restrictive covenant obligations to which you are subject, including the Confidentiality and IP Agreement (as defined below). 

3.     Base Salary  .  During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary at the annual rate of $650,000, payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company s usual payment practices.  Base salaries are normally reviewed annually, and Executive shall be entitled to such increases in Executive s base salary, if any, as may be determined in the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the Company s Board of Directors (the    Board   ).  Executive s annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as the  Base Salary.   
    4.   Incentive Compensation  .  
   (a)    Annual Bonus  .  With respect to each full fiscal year during the Employment Term, beginning with fiscal year 2017, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus award (an    Annual Bonus   ) in such amount, if any, as may be determined in the sole discretion of the Board, of eighty percent (80%) of Executive s Base Salary at target performance (the    Target Annual Bonus   ), and of one hundred sixty percent (160%)     of Executive s Base Salary at maximum, based upon the achievement of such target and maximum performance objectives as may be established by the Board and subject to the terms and conditions of the bonus plan in effect from time to time.  Under the terms of the existing bonus plan for Company management, 50% of the bonus achievement is paid based on cumulative quarterly results and 50% based on annual results, with any overachievement payment only paid on annual results, in each case subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable payment date (and subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and the terms of the bonus plan).   
 (b)  Guaranteed Bonus  .    
 (i)  2016 . The Company agrees that Executive shall be paid, in lieu of an Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2016, a guaranteed bonus amount equal of $520,000 (the   2016 Bonus Amount  ), at the time the annual portion of the annual bonuses for 2016 is paid to other executives of the Company, in each case, subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable payment date (and subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and the terms of the bonus plan). In the event of Executive s death or his termination without cause or constructive termination after his Start Date but prior to the applicable payment date, the 2016 Bonus Amount will be paid to the Executive or his heirs. 
 (ii)  2017 . The Company agrees that Executive s Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2017 shall be no less than $346,667 (the   2017 Minimum Amount  ).  The Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2017 will be payable in a manner consistent with the payment schedule applicable to other executives of the Company under the bonus plan for fiscal year 2017, subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable payment date (and subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and the terms of the bonus plan). For the avoidance of doubt, the 2017 Minimum Amount shall constitute a part of Executive s Annual Bonus opportunity for fiscal year 2017 and all other provisions of Section 4(a) shall apply to the Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2017. 
   (c)  Make-Whole Bonus  .  Executive shall receive a one-time signing bonus in an amount equal to $1,000,000 (the    Make-Whole Bonus   ). The Make-Whole Bonus shall be   

payable   in two installments as follows: the first installment of $500,000 shall be paid within 30 days of Executive s Start Date; and, the second installment of $500,000 shall be paid   at such time as annual bonuses are paid to other executives of the Company, subject to Executive s continued employment with the Company through such payment date.    In the event of Executive s death or his termination without cause or constructive termination after his Start Date but prior to the applicable payment date, then the Make-Whole Bonus will be paid to the Executive or his heirs.  
 (d)  Equity Incentive  .  The Board or its Compensation Committee shall, on the date of its first meeting following the Start Date, grant to Executive (x) 450,000 options to acquire shares of Company common stock (at a price per share equal to $16.46, which is not less than the then-fair market value) pursuant to the option award agreement attached as   Exhibit A   and (y) 121,507 restricted stock units (   RSUs   ) to be settled in shares of Company common stock pursuant to the RSU award agreement attached as   Exhibit B  .    
      5.   Employee     Benefits  .  During the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans (other than annual bonus and incentive plans) as in effect from time to time (collectively    Employee Benefits   ), on the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other senior executives of the Company.  
 Executive acknowledges that the primary business location for Executive s employment will be Vista, California. As a result, Executive will be expected to relocate to that area on or around the Start Date. The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and customary moving expenses in accordance with the Company s relocation policy for other senior executives of the Company. 
    6.     Business Expenses  .  During the Employment Term, reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties hereunder shall be advanced or promptly reimbursed by the Company in accordance with Company policies.  
      7.     Termination  .  The Employment Term and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated (i) by the Company at any time and for any reason upon Notice to Executive and (ii) by Executive upon at least 30 days  advance Notice to the Company; provided, that in the event that the Company terminates Executive s employment without Cause (as defined in Section 7(a)(ii)) after Executive has given advance Notice of his resignation but before the end of the notice period, Executive shall receive full payment of Base Salary, any Annual Bonus, and benefits as an active employee for the unexpired portion of such notice period.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 7 shall exclusively govern Executive s rights to payment of compensation, severance, employee benefits and Executive s business expenses upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliates.  

(a)   By the Company For Cause or By Executive Other Than as a Result of a Constructive Termination  .  
   (i) The Employment Term and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company for Cause and shall terminate automatically upon the effective date of Executive s resignation other than as result of a Constructive Termination (as defined in Section 7(c)(ii)). 
   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement,   Cause   shall mean (A) Executive s willful and continued failure to substantially perform Executive s duties (other than any such failure resulting from the Executive s Disability or any such failure subsequent to the Executive  being delivered notice of the Company s intent to terminate the Executive s employment without Cause), (B) Executive s admission or conviction of, or a plea of  nolo contendere  to, (x) a felony (other than traffic-related) under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any similar criminal act in a jurisdiction outside the United States or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude that could be injurious to the Company or its reputation, (C) the Executive s willful malfeasance or willful misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, (D) any act of fraud by the Executive in the performance of the Executive s duties, or (E) a material breach by the Executive of this Agreement or the Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Agreement in the form of  Exhibit C  attached hereto that he must sign with the Company (the   Confidentiality and IP Agreement  ).  The determination of Cause shall be made by the Company.  
   (iii) If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or if Executive resigns other than as a result of a Constructive Termination, Executive shall be entitled to receive: 
   (A)  the Base Salary accrued through the date of termination, payable within fifteen days following the date of such termination;  
   (B)  any Annual Bonus earned, but unpaid, as of the date of termination for the immediately preceding fiscal year, paid in accordance with Section 4 (except to the extent payment is otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable deferred compensation arrangement with the Company, in which case such amount shall be paid in full at the earliest such time as is provided under such arrangement);  
   (C)  reimbursement, within 60 days following submission by Executive to the Company of appropriate supporting documentation) for any unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by Executive in accordance with Company policy prior to the date of Executive s termination;   provided,   that claims for such reimbursement (accompanied by appropriate supporting documentation) are submitted to the Company within 90 days following the date of Executive s termination of employment; and  

(D)   such Employee Benefits, if any, as to which Executive may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of the Company (the amounts described in clauses (A) through (D) hereof being referred to as the    Accrued Rights   ).  
   Following such termination of Executive s employment by the Company for Cause or resignation by Executive other than as a result of a Constructive Termination, except as set forth in this Section 7(a)(iii),  Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.  
     (b)    Disability or Death . 
   (i) The Employment Term and Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon Executive s death and may be terminated by the Company if Executive becomes physically or mentally incapacitated and is therefore unable, for a period of six consecutive months or for an aggregate of nine months in any twelve consecutive month period, to perform Executive s duties.  The period of six months shall be deemed continuous unless Executive returns to work for a period of at least 30 consecutive days during such period and performs during such period at the level and competence that existed prior to the beginning of the six-month period.  Such incapacity is hereinafter referred to as   Disability  .  Any question as to the existence of the Disability of Executive as to which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to Executive and the Company.  If Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third qualified independent physician which third such physician shall make such determination.  The determination of Disability made by such physician in writing to the Company and Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of the Agreement and any other agreement between any Company and Executive that incorporates the definition of  Disability . 
   (ii) Upon termination of Executive s employment hereunder for either Disability or death, Executive or Executive s estate (as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive (A) the Accrued Rights; (B) a pro rata portion of the actual Annual Bonus   paid for the year of termination  (or in the case of fiscal year 2016, the 2016 Bonus Amount) to the extent not previously paid , payable on the date when bonuses are otherwise paid to executives (but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year following the year of termination),  based upon the percentage of the fiscal year that shall have elapsed through the date of Executive s termination of employment; and (C) the rights of the Executive or the Executive s legal representative, as applicable, with respect to any equity or equity-related awards (if any) which shall be governed by the applicable terms of the related plan or award agreement . 
   Following Executive s termination of employment due to death or Disability, except as set forth in this Section 7(b)(ii), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 

(c)   By the Company Without Cause or Resignation by Executive as a result of Constructive Termination  .    
   (i) The Employment Term and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive as a result of a Constructive Termination.   
   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a   Constructive Termination   shall be deemed to have occurred upon (A) the failure of the Company to pay or cause to be paid Executive s base salary or annual bonus (if any) when due; (B) a reduction in Executive s base salary or target bonus opportunity percentage of base salary (excluding any reduction in base salary or bonus opportunity affecting substantially all similarly situated executives by the same percentage of base salary); (C) any diminution in Executive s title or any substantial and sustained diminution in Executive s duties; (D) a relocation of Executive s primary work location more than 50 miles without Executive s prior written consent; or (E) a Company Notice to Executive of the Company s election not to extend the Employment Term;  provided , that none of these events shall constitute Constructive Termination unless the Company fails to cure such event within 30 days after Notice is given by Executive specifying in reasonable detail the event which constitutes Constructive Termination;  provided ,  further , that  Constructive Termination  shall cease to exist for an event on the 60 th  day following Executive s knowledge thereof, unless Executive has given the Company Notice thereof prior to such date. 
   (iii) If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of death or Disability) or if Executive resigns as a result of a Constructive Termination and in either case the provisions of the following section (iv) do not apply, Executive shall be entitled to receive: 
   (A)  the Accrued Rights;   
   (B)  a pro rata portion of the actual Annual Bonus paid for the year of termination (or in the case of fiscal year 2016, the 2016 Bonus Amount) to the extent not previously paid, payable on the date when bonuses are otherwise paid to executives  (but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year following the year of termination) and after Executive has entered into a Release as set forth below , based upon the percentage of the fiscal year that shall have elapsed through the date of Executive s termination of employment;   

(C)   subject to Executive s continued compliance with the provisions of the Confidentiality and IP Agreement, payment of an amount equal to the sum of the annual Base Salary amount plus Executive s Target Annual Bonus amount for the year of termination, which shall be payable to Executive in equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, as in effect on the date of termination of Executive s employment, for twelve months after the date of such termination;   provided  , that the aggregate amount described in this clause (C) shall be reduced by the present value of any other cash severance benefits payable to Executive under any other severance plans, programs or arrangements of the Company or its affiliates;  
   (D)    continued coverage under the Company s group health, life and disability plans until the earlier of (i) twelve months from Executive s date of termination of employment with the Company and (ii) the date such Executive receives comparable coverage (determined, to the extent practicable, on a coverage-by-coverage and benefit-by-benefit basis) under health, life and disability plans of another employer; and  
 (E)  the rights of the Executive with respect to any equity or equity-related awards (if any) which shall be governed by the applicable terms of the related plan or award agreement.  
 (iv) If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of death or Disability) or if Executive resigns as a result of a Constructive Termination and such termination or resignation occurs within 90 days before or 12 months after a Change in Control (as defined below), Executive shall be entitled to receive the amounts set forth in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (E) in paragraph 7(c)(iii) above;  provided  that (x) the severance amount in clause (C) above shall be equal to 1.5 times the sum of Executive s annual Base Salary plus Executive s Target Annual Bonus for the year of such termination and such amount shall be payable over eighteen months after the date of such termination, and (y) the number of months of continued coverage under benefit plans of the Company described in clause (D)(i) above shall be eighteen.  
   (v) For purposes of this Agreement,   Change in Control   means (i) the sale or disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any  person  or  group  (as such terms are defined in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) other than a sale or disposition where Blackstone (as defined below) retains all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (ii) any person or group, other than Blackstone, is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under said Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Company, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an offering of stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission); or (iii) the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company.    Blackstone   means each of Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P. a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone  

Family Investment Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V-A L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Participation Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership and each of their respective Affiliates.  
   (vi) Amounts payable to Executive under subparagraphs (B), (C), (D) and (E) above pursuant to either clause (iii) or clause (iv) above, are subject to Executive providing a release of all claims to the Company in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  (the   Release  ) within thirty (30) days following the date of Executive s termination of employment hereunder.  Following Executive s termination of employment by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or by Executive s resignation as a result of a Constructive Termination, except as set forth in Section 7(c)(iii) or 7(c)(iv), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.  
   (d)  Expiration of Employment Term .  
         (i)  Election Not to Extend the Employment Term   .  In the event either party elects not to extend the Employment Term pursuant to Section 1, unless Executive s employment is   terminated pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section    7,  Executive s termination of employment hereunder (whether or not Executive continues as an employee of the Company thereafter) shall be deemed to occur on the close of business on the day immediately preceding the next scheduled Extension Date and Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Rights.  Following such termination of Executive s employment hereunder as a result of either party s election not to extend the Employment Term, except as set forth in this Section 7(d)(i) and subject to the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 7 as may apply, Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 
   (ii)  Continued Employment Beyond the Expiration of the Employment Term .  Unless the parties otherwise agree in writing, continuation of Executive s employment with the Company beyond the expiration of the Employment Term shall be deemed an employment at-will and shall not be deemed to extend any of the provisions of this Agreement and Executive s employment may thereafter be terminated at will by either Executive or the Company;  provided , that any accrued and vested rights of Executive as of the last day of the Employment Term, shall survive any termination of this Agreement or Executive s termination of employment hereunder. 
   (e)  Notice of Termination .  Any purported termination of employment by the Company or by Executive (other than due to Executive s death) shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 8(i) hereof.  For purposes of this Agreement, a   Notice of Termination   shall mean a Notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of employment under the provision so indicated.  If Executive receives a Notice of Termination from the Company pursuant to Section 7(c) of this Agreement, the Company may not thereafter assert that the termination of Executive constitutes a termination by the Company for Cause. 

(f)   Board/Committee Resignation  .  Upon termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive agrees to resign, as of the date of such termination, to the extent applicable, from the Board of Directors (and any committees thereof) of any of the Company s affiliates (and if Executive fails to tender such resignation within five (5) business days following the Company s request for such resignation, all amounts payable under this Section 7 other than the Accrued Rights shall be forfeited).  
          8.     Miscellaneous  .  
   (a)  Governing Law .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. 
   (b)  Entire Agreement/Amendments .  This Agreement and the exhibits attached hereto contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the employment of Executive by the Company.  There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein other than those expressly set forth herein or as may be set forth from time to time in the Company s employee benefit plans and policies applicable to Executive.  This Agreement may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by the parties hereto.  In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and any other plan, program, practice or agreement of which Executive is a participant or a party, this Agreement shall control unless such other plan, program, practice or agreement specifically refers to the provisions of this sentence.   
   (c)  No Waiver .  The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such party s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 
   (d)  Severability .  In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
   (e)  Assignment .  This Agreement, and all of Executive s rights and duties hereunder, shall not be assignable or delegable by Executive.  Any purported assignment or delegation by Executive in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void  ab initio  and of no force and effect.  This Agreement may be assigned by the Company to a person or entity which is an affiliate or a successor in interest to substantially all of the business operations of the Company.  Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such affiliate or successor person or entity. 
   (f)  No Mitigation .  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment, and such payments shall not be reduced by any compensation or benefits received from any subsequent employer or other endeavor except as provided at Section 7(c)(iii)(D)(ii).   

(g)   Compliance with IRC Section 409A  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) if at the time of Executive s termination of employment with the Company Executive is a  specified employee  as defined in Section 409A of   the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   )   and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such termination of employment is necessary in order to prevent any accelerate  d or additional tax under Section 409A of the Code, then the Company will defer the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) until the date that is six months following Executive s termination of employment with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code) and (ii) if any other payments of money or other benefits due to Executive hereunder could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A of the Code, such payments or other benefits shall be deferred if deferral will make such payment or other benefits compliant under Section 409A of the Code, or otherwise such payment or other benefits shall be restructured, to the extent possible, in a manner, determined by the Board, that does not cause such an accelerated or additional tax.    Further, to the extent that any of the amounts payable to Executive under subparagraphs (B), (C) and (D) pursuant to either Section 7(c)(iii) or 7(c)(iv) (the    Severance Benefits   ) constitutes  nonqualified deferred compensation  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any payment of any amount or provision of any benefit otherwise scheduled to occur prior to the thirtieth (30   th   ) day following the date of Executive s termination of employment hereunder, but for the condition on executing and not revoking the Release as set forth herein, shall not be made until the first regularly scheduled payroll date following such thirtieth (30   th   ) day, after which any remaining Severance Benefits shall thereafter be provided to Executive according to the applicable schedule set forth in Section 7(c)(iii) or 7(c)(iv).    For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a  separate payment  within the meaning of the Section 409A of the Code, and references herein to Executive s  termination of employment  shall refer to Executive s separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A.  To the extent any reimbursements or in-kind benefits due to Executive under this Agreement constitute  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code, any such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall be paid to Executive in a manner consistent with Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).    The Company shall consult with Executive in good faith regarding the implementation of the provisions of this Section 11(g);   provided   that neither the Company nor any of its employees or representatives shall have any liability to Executive with respect to thereto.  
   (h)  Successors; Binding Agreement .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  In the event of Executive s death prior to receipt of all amounts payable to Executive (including any unpaid amounts due under Section 7), such amounts shall be paid to Executive s beneficiary designated by him by Notice to the Company or, in the absence of such designation, to his estate. 
     (i)  Notice .  For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or overnight courier or three postal delivery days after it has been mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,  

addressed to the respective addresses set forth below in this Agreement, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that Notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt (each such communication,     Notice   ).  
   If to the Company, addressed to: 
   DJO Global, Inc. 
   1430 Decision Street 
   Vista, CA 92081 
   Attention:  General Counsel 
               If to Executive, to the address listed in the Company s payroll records from time to time. 
   (j)  Executive Representation .  Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound. 
   (k)  Prior Agreements .  This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (including verbal agreements) between Executive and the Company and/or its affiliates regarding the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates. 
   (l)  Cooperation .  Executive shall provide Executive s reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during Executive s employment hereunder,  provided , that, following termination of Executive s employment, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by Executive in providing such cooperation, including, without limitation, all transportation, lodging and meal expenses (in the same level of comfort provided to Executive for his business travel during his period of employment) and reasonable attorney s fees.  This provision shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
   (m)  Mutual Non-Disparagement .  Executive will not, other than as required by law or by order of a court or other competent authority, make or publish, or cause any other person to make or publish, any statement that is disparaging or that reflects negatively upon the Company or its affiliates, or that is or reasonably would be expected to be damaging to the reputation of the Company or its affiliates.      The Company will not (and it will instruct its executive officers and members of the board of directors or other governing board of the Company not to), other than as required by law or by order of a court or other competent authority, make or publish, or cause any other person to make or publish, any public statement that is disparaging or that reflects negatively upon the Executive, or that is or reasonably would be expected to be damaging to the reputation of the Executive. 

(n)   Withholding Taxes  .  The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state and local taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  
     (o)  Counterparts   .  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
       [Signature Page Follows this Page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

DJO GLOBAL, INC.   

/s/ MICHAEL MOGUL  

By:  

Michael Mogul  

Title:  

President and CEO  

EXECUTIVE  

/s/ MIKE EKLUND  

Mike Eklund  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 djo-ex102_195.htm
 EX-10.2

djo-ex102_195.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
  FORM OF NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT  
 (2015-2016 New Hire Version) 
 This NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ), dated as of ____________, 2016 (the  Grant Date ), is made by and between DJO Global, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Mike Eklund (the  Optionee ).  
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to grant the Optionee a nonqualified stock option in recognition of the Optionee s service to the Company and to further align the Optionee s interests with those of the Company s stockholders. 
 NOW THEREFORE, the parties to this Agreement, hereby agree as follows: 
  1.   Certain Definitions.    Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the Company s 2007 Incentive Stock Plan (the  Plan ).  As used in this Agreement:  
 (a)   Blackstone  means each of Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P. a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V-A L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Participation Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership and each of their respective Affiliates.  
 (b)   Cause  shall mean the termination by the Company of Optionee s employment with the Company as a result of (i) the Optionee s willful and continued failure to substantially perform Optionee s duties (other than any such failure resulting from the Optionee s Disability or any such failure subsequent to the Optionee being delivered notice of the Company s intent to terminate the Optionee s employment without Cause), (ii) conviction of, or a plea of nolo contendere to, (A) a felony (other than traffic-related) under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any similar criminal act in a jurisdiction outside the United States or (B) a crime involving moral turpitude that could be injurious to the Company or its reputation, (iii) the Optionee s willful malfeasance or willful misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (iv) any act of fraud by the Optionee in the performance of the Optionee s duties.    
 (c)   Change in Control  means (i) the sale or disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any  person  or  group  (as such terms are defined in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than a sale or disposition where Blackstone retains all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (ii) any person or group, other than Blackstone, is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Company, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an offering of stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission); or (iii) the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company.  

(d)    Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   
 (e)   Company  has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement or its successors; provided, that to the extent that any class of equity securities of a member of the Company s controlled group becomes publicly traded on an established securities market, the term  Company  shall be deemed to refer to such publicly traded entity.  
 (f)   Compensation Committee  means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 (g)   Determination Date  shall mean, while the Option remains outstanding, each date on which Blackstone has disposed of some or all of its holdings of common stock in the Company.  
 (h)   Disability  shall mean the Optionee is disabled as determined under Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Code.  
 (i)   Fair Market Value  has the meaning specified in the Plan, except as expressly set forth herein.  
 (j)   Good Reason  shall mean a material reduction in the Optionee s compensation below the amount of compensation in effect on the date of this Agreement which is not cured within thirty (30) days following the Company s or its subsidiary s, as applicable, receipt of written notice from such Optionee describing the event constituting Good Reason.  
 (k)   Market Return Tranche  has the meaning specified in Section 2 of this Agreement.  
 (l)   MOIC  shall mean the multiple of Blackstone s aggregate invested equity capital in the Company since its initial investment in the Company through the date of determination as determined by the Compensation Committee based on an analysis provided by the Company s management.  It being understood that the invested capital on the date hereof equals $792 million.    
 (m)   Option  has the meaning specified in Section 2 of this Agreement.  
 (n)   Option Price  has the meaning specified in Section 2 of this Agreement.  
 (o)   Option Shares  has the meaning specified in Section 2 of this Agreement.  
 (p)   Stockholders Agreement  shall mean that certain stockholders agreement with Blackstone applicable to the Optionee, as amended from time to time.  
    2.   Grant of Stock Option  .  Subject to and upon the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company has granted to Optionee an option (the  Option ) to purchase 450,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the  Option Shares ) at a price (the  Option Price ) of $16.46 per share, which is the Fair Market Value per share on the Grant Date.  Subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided, 150,000 of the Option Shares   

constitute the  Time-Based Tranche  and   300,000   of the Option Shares constitute the  Market Return Tranche . The Option may be exercised from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.    
  3.   Term of Option  .  The term of the Option shall commence on the Grant Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, shall expire ten (10) years from the Grant Date.   
  4.   Right to Exercise  .  
 (a)  The Option Shares in the Time-Based Tranche shall become vested and exercisable in increments of 20% each on the first through fifth anniversary dates of the Grant Date, provided the Optionee remains in the continuous employ of the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate as of the applicable anniversary date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Option Shares in the Time-Based Tranche shall become immediately exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change in Control if Optionee remains in the continuous employ of the Company or any Subsidiary until the date of the consummation of such Change in Control.  
 (b)  The Option Shares in the Market Return Tranche will be eligible to vest and become exercisable on each Determination Date, as follows:  

If Blackstone has realized an aggregate MOIC of 1.5 times on a Determination Date, then a total of 25% of the Market Return Tranche will vest and become exercisable on such Determination Date;     

If Blackstone has realized an aggregate MOIC of 2.25 times on a Determination Date, then a total of 100% of the Market Return Tranche will, to the extent not previously vested, vest and become exercisable on the such Determination Date; and     

If Blackstone has realized an aggregate MOIC of greater than 1.5 times but less than 2.25 times on a Determination Date, then the percentage of the Market Return Tranche that will be vested and become exercisable on such Determination Date will be calculated based on a straight-line interpolation between the above numbers. For illustrative purposes, a table that shows sample calculations for the foregoing formula is attached hereto as Annex 1.     

 (c)  The Optionee shall be entitled to the privileges of ownership with respect to Option Shares purchased and delivered to Optionee upon the exercise of all or part of this Option, subject to Section 8 hereof.   
 (d)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Optionee is on an approved leave of absence, as provided in the last paragraph of Section 7 hereof, the Optionee will be considered as still in continuous employ of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate for purposes of this Plan.  
    5.   Option Nontransferable  . The Optionee may not transfer or assign all or any part of the Option other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  This Option may be   

exercised, during the lifetime of the Optionee, only by the Optionee, or in the event of the Optionee s legal incapacity, by the Optionee s guardian or legal representative acting on behalf of the Optionee in a fiduciary capacity under state law and court supervision.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Optionee may transfer or assign all or any part of the Option to  family members  (as defined in the General Instructions to Form S   8 of the Securities Act of 1933) or trusts, partnerships or similar entities for the benefit of such family members, for estate planning purposes or in connection with the disposition of Optionee s estate.  
  6.   Notice of Exercise; Payment  .  
 (a)  To the extent then exercisable, the Option may be exercised in whole or in part by written notice to the Company stating the number of Option Shares for which the Option is being exercised and the intended manner of payment.  The date of such notice shall be the exercise date.  Payment equal to the aggregate Option Price of the Option Shares being purchased pursuant to an exercise of the Option must be tendered in full with the notice of exercise to the Company in one or a combination of the following methods as specified by the Optionee in the notice of exercise:  (i) cash in the form of currency or check or by wire transfer as directed by the Company, (ii)  provided that the shares of the Company s common stock ( Shares ) are traded on an established securities market,  through the surrender to the Company of Shares owned by the Optionee for at least six months as valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, (iii) through net exercise, using Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Option, such Shares being valued at their Fair Market Value (which for such purpose shall have the meaning set forth in the Stockholders Agreement) on the date of exercise, or (iv) through such other form of consideration as is deemed acceptable by the Compensation Committee.  
 (b)  As soon as practicable upon the Company s receipt of the Optionee s notice of exercise and payment, the Company shall direct the due issuance of the Option Shares so purchased.  
 (c)  As a further condition precedent to the exercise of this Option in whole or in part, the Optionee shall comply with all regulations and the requirements of any regulatory authority having control of, or supervision over, the issuance of the shares of  common stock  and in connection therewith shall execute any documents which the Compensation Committee shall in its sole discretion deem necessary or advisable.  
  7.   Termination of Agreement  .  The Agreement and the Option granted hereby shall terminate automatically and without further notice on the earliest of the following dates:  
   (a)  After the Optionee s termination of employment due to the Optionee s death or Disability,  all unvested Time-Based Options will be forfeited immediately and terminate and all vested Options from any Tranche shall remain exercisable until the lesser of (i) one (1) year following the Optionee s date of termination of employment or (ii) the remaining term of the Option; provided, however, that it shall be a condition to the exercise of the Option in the event of the Optionee s death that the Person exercising the Option shall (i) have agreed in a form satisfactory to the Company to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and (ii) comply with all regulations and the requirements of any regulatory authority having control of, or supervision over, the issuance of the shares of  common  

stock   and in connection therewith shall execute any documents which the Compensation Committee shall in its sole discretion deem necessary or advisable.  All unvested Option Shares in the Market Return Tranche shall remain outstanding for the twelve (12) month period following the date of such termination of employment by reason of death or Disability.  To the extent an event described in Section 4(b) occurs during such twelve (12) month period that would cause some or all of such unvested Option Shares to become vested (a  Post-Termination Vesting Event ), the appropriate number of Option Shares will vest as of such Post-Termination Vesting Event, and remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following such Post-Termination Vesting Event (but not beyond the remaining term of the Option).  On the twelve (12) month anniversary of the date of termination of employment by reason of death or Disability, all remaining unvested Option Shares will be forfeited;  
 (b)  After the Optionee s termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by the Optionee for Good Reason,  all vested Option Shares shall remain exercisable until the lesser of (i) ninety (90) calendar days following the Optionee s date of termination of employment or (ii) the remaining term of the Option.  All unvested Option Shares in the Time-Based Tranche shall be forfeited immediately and terminate on the date of such termination of employment by Optionee.  All unvested Option Shares in the Market Return Tranche shall remain outstanding for the twelve (12) month period following the date of such termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by the Optionee for Good Reason.  To the extent a Post-Termination Vesting Event occurs within such twelve (12) month period, the appropriate number of Option Shares in the Market Return Tranche will vest as of such Post-Termination Vesting Event, and remain exercisable for ninety (90) calendar days following such Post-Termination Vesting Event (but not beyond the remaining term of the Option).  On the twelve (12) month anniversary of the date of termination of employment by reason of termination by the Company without Cause or by the Optionee with Good Reason, all remaining unvested Option Shares will be forfeited;  
 (c)  The date of the Optionee s termination of employment for Cause, upon which all unvested Option Shares will be forfeited immediately and terminate and all vested Option Shares shall remain exercisable until the lesser of (i) ninety (90) calendar days following the Optionee s date of termination or (ii) the remaining term of the Option;  
 (d)  After the Optionee s termination of employment without Good Reason, all unvested Option Shares will be forfeited immediately and terminate and all vested Option Shares shall remain exercisable until the lesser of (i) ninety (90) calendar days following the Optionee s date of termination or (ii) the remaining term of the Option; or  
 (e)  Ten (10) years from the Grant Date.  
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in all termination events if the last day to exercise vested Option Shares occurs after the date on which the Company s common stock is publicly traded on a national stock exchange and during a lock-up period or securities law blackout period, the otherwise applicable post-termination Option exercise period shall continue, but not beyond the remaining term of the Option, until thirty (30) calendar days after the first day when the terminating Optionee is no longer precluded from selling stock acquired upon exercise of Options for either of such reasons.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing  

herein shall prohibit the Optionee from exercising his or her vested Options through net exercise, using Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Option, during any lock-up or securities law blackout period to the extent not prohibited by law.  
 The Optionee shall be deemed to be an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary if on a leave of absence approved in writing by the Compensation Committee or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to the extent consistent with Section 409A of the Code. 
  8.   Stockholders Agreement  . The Optionee agrees that any Option Shares that the Optionee receives pursuant to this Agreement or under the Plan are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement.  
  9.   No Employment Contract  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall (a) confer upon the Optionee any right to be employed by or remain employed by the Company or any Subsidiary, or (b) limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Optionee.  
  10.   Dividend Equivalents  . Upon the payment of any ordinary or extraordinary cash dividend (or similar distributions) to holders of Company common stock, the Optionee will be credited with dividend equivalent rights with respect to the Options as follows.  Dividend equivalents relating to vested Option Shares shall be paid to the Optionee in cash at the same time dividends are paid to holders of Company common stock.  Dividend equivalents relating to unvested Option Shares will be credited to a notional account maintained on the books of the Company for the benefit of the Optionee, which account shall not accrue interest.  The Optionee will become vested in such account at the same time as the Options to which the dividend equivalents relate vest and become exercisable, and such vested amounts shall be payable in cash upon the applicable vesting date, and in no event later than 2  months following the end of the calendar year in which the applicable vesting date occurs.  Unvested amounts held in such account shall be forfeited by the Optionee upon the date of any termination of employment; provided, however, that if such termination of employment results in the continuation of unvested Option Shares, as provided in Sections 7(a) and 7(b), above, forfeiture of dividend equivalents shall be delayed until the twelve (12) month anniversary of such termination, and to the extent that any Option Shares vest during such twelve (12) month period, such related dividend equivalents shall also vest and be paid to the Optionee in cash on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such termination or, if the Options are forfeited, such related dividend equivalents shall also be forfeited.  
    11.   Taxes and Withholding  . The Company or any Subsidiary may withhold, or require the Optionee to remit to the Company or any Subsidiary, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local or foreign taxes (including the Optionee s FICA obligation) in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by the Optionee or other person under this Agreement or otherwise, and if the amounts available to the Company or any Subsidiary for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that Optionee or such other person make arrangements satisfactory to the Company or any Subsidiary for payment of the balance of such taxes required to be withheld.  The Optionee may elect to have such withholding obligation satisfied by surrendering to the Company or any Subsidiary a portion of the Option Shares that are issued or transferred to the Optionee upon the   

exercise of an Option (but only to the extent of the minimum withholding required by law), and the Option Shares so surrendered by Optionee shall be credited against any such withholding obligation at the Fair Market Value   (which for such purpose shall have the meaning set forth in the Stockholders Agreement)   of such Shares on the date of such surrender.  
  12.   Compliance with Law  . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided, however, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Option shall not be exercisable if the exercise thereof would result in a violation of any such law.  
  13.   Adjustments  .  
 (a)  The Compensation Committee shall make or provide for such substitution or adjustments in the number of Option Shares covered by this Option, in the Option Price applicable to such Option, and in the kind of shares covered thereby and/or such other equitable substitution or adjustments as the Compensation Committee may determine to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Optionee s rights that otherwise would result from (i) any stock dividend, extraordinary cash-dividend, stock split, combination of shares, recapitalization, or other change in the capital structure of the Company, (ii) any merger, consolidation, spin-off, split-off, spin-out, split-up, reclassification, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation, or other distribution of assets or issuance of rights or warrants to purchase securities, or (iii) any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing.  In the case of a Change in Control, such substitutions and adjustments include, without limitation, canceling any and all Options Shares in the Time-Based Tranche in exchange for cash payments equal to the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration paid to a shareholder of an Option Share over the Option Price per share subject to such Option in connection with such an adjustment event.  
 (b)  To the extent that any equity securities of any member of the Company s controlled group become publicly traded, at such time all Options shall be exchanged, in a manner consistent with Sections 409A and 424 of the Code, for options with the same intrinsic value in the publicly-traded entity, and all Shares shall be exchanged for shares of common stock with the same aggregate value of the publicly-traded entity.  
  14.   Relation to Other Benefits  . Any economic or other benefit to Optionee under this Agreement shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which Optionee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any Subsidiary.  
  15.   Amendments  . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto.  
  16.   Severability  . If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable.  

17.   Relation to Plan  .     This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistent provisions between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern.  The Compensation Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the Option or its exercise.  
  18.   Successors and Assigns  . The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of Optionee, and the successors and assigns of the Company.  
  19.   Governing Law  . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof and all parties, including their successors and assigns, consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of New York.  
  20.   Prior Agreement  . As of the Grant Date, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto, or between either or both of the parties hereto and the Company, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or other agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, which are not embodied     herein, and that no prior and/or contemporaneous agreement, statement or promise pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.  
  21.   Notices  . For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof confirmed), or five business days after having been mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or three business days after having been sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service such as Federal Express, UPS, or Purolator, addressed to the Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) at its principal executive offices and to Optionee at his principal residence, or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.  
  22.   Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and the Optionee has executed this Agreement, as of the day and year first above written.  

DJO GLOBAL, INC.:  

[DRAFT]  

BRADLEY J. TANDY  

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

I hereby agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement.  I hereby further agree that all the decisions and determinations of the Compensation Committee shall be final and binding. 

OPTIONEE:  

[DRAFT]  

ANNEX 1  
  ILLUSTRATIVE CHART OF AGGREGATE VESTED PERCENTAGE BASED ON ACHIEVEMENT OF MOIC  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 djo-ex103_194.htm
 EX-10.3

djo-ex103_194.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
  Form of   
  DJO Global, Inc.  
  Restricted Stock Unit Agree  ment   
 THIS AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  ) is made between DJO Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), and the individual specified on the signature page hereto (the   Participant  ), effective as of the date specified on the signature page hereto. 
  R   E   C   I   T   A   L   S : 
 WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the 2007 DJO Global, Inc. (f/ka/  DJO Incorporated ) Incentive Stock Plan (the   Plan  ) in the form attached as Exhibit A, which Plan is incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Plan; and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant units representing the right (  Restricted Stock Units   or   RSUs  ) to receive a share (  Shares  ) of common stock of the Company to the Participant pursuant to the Plan and the terms set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  1.   Grant of the RSUs  .  Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, effective as of the date specified on the signature page hereto (such date, the  Date of Grant ), the Company shall grant to the Participant 121,507 RSUs.    
  2.   Vesting  .      
 (a)  One-fourth of the RSUs shall vest on the first anniversary of the date on which Grantee s employment commences with the Company (the    Start Date   ) and the other three-fourths of the RSUs shall vest in equal installments on the second, third and fourth anniversary of the Start Date respectively, subject to the Participant s continued employment through the applicable anniversary by the Company or its subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of the Participant s employment agreement dated August 25, 2016 (the    Employment Agreement   ).  If the Participant s employment with the Company under the Employment Agreement terminates for any reason prior to the applicable anniversary, then the unvested RSUs shall be forfeited immediately without consideration or further action, and the Committee shall be empowered to take any actions necessary to effectuate the foregoing, without any action by the Participant.    Any RSU that becomes vested pursuant to this Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) shall hereinafter be referred to as a    Vested RSU   .    
   (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited or cancelled, the RSUs shall vest as to one hundred percent (100%) of the RSUs upon a Change in Control that occurs during the Participant s continued employment by the Company   
 1 

or its subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement.  For the purpose of this Agreement,    Change in Control    shall mean (i) the sale or disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to any  person  or  group  (as such terms are defined in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than a sale or disposition where Blackstone retains all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (ii) any person or group, other than Blackstone, is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Company, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise (other than an offering of stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission); or (iii) the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company. For the purposes of this Agreement,    Blackstone    shall mean each of Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P. a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V-A L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Blackstone Participation Partnership V L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership and each of their respective Affiliates.  
  3.   Delivery of Shares  .  The Company shall deliver to the Participant, without charge, one (1) Share for each such outstanding Vested RSU on a date selected by the Company between five (5) business days and thirty (30) business days following the applicable vesting date.  
    4.   Stockholders Agreement  .  The Participant agrees that any Shares that the Participant receives pursuant to this Agreement or under the Plan are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the certain stockholders agreement applicable to the Participant, as amended from time to time.  
  5.   No Employment Contract  .  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall (a) confer upon the Participant any right to be employed by or remain employed by the Company or any subsidiary, or (b) limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any subsidiary to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant.  
  6.  Dividend Equivalents  .  Upon the payment of any ordinary or extraordinary cash dividend (or similar distributions) to holders of Shares, the Participant will be credited with dividend equivalent rights with respect to the RSUs as follows.  Dividend equivalents relating to Vested RSUs shall be paid to the Participant in cash at the same time dividends are paid to holders of Company common stock.  Dividend equivalents relating to unvested RSUs will be credited to a notional account maintained on the books of the Company for the benefit of the Participant, which account shall not accrue interest.  The Participant will become vested in such account at the same time as the RSUs to which the dividend equivalents become Vested RSUs, and such vested amounts shall be payable in cash on the date of such vesting, and in no event later than 2  months following the end of the calendar year in which the RSUs vest.  Unvested amounts held in such account shall be forfeited by the Participant upon the date of any termination of employment.  
    7.  Taxes and Withholding  .  The Company or any subsidiary will withhold a portion of the Shares that are otherwise deliverable to the Participant  upon the vesting of the   
 2 

RSUs to satisfy federal, state, local or foreign taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) in connection with any payment made or benefit realized by the Participant or other person under this Agreement or otherwise, unless the Participant delivers notice in writing prior to the applicable vesting date that the Participant wishes to pay such withholding obligations and makes such payments within five (5) business days of the applicable vesting date.  The Shares so withheld shall be credited against any such withholding obligation at the Fair Market Value (which for such purpose shall have the meaning set forth in the stockholders agreement) of such Shares on the date such Shares are withheld.  If the amounts available to the Company or any subsidiary for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the receipt of such payment or the realization of such benefit that the Participant or such other person make arrangements satisfactory to the Company or any subsidiary for payment of the balance of such taxes required to be withheld.  
  8.   Compliance with Law  .  The Company shall comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws.  
  9.   Adjustments  .  The Board shall make or provide for such substitution or adjustments in the number of Shares covered by this Agreement and in the kind of shares covered thereby and/or such other equitable substitution or adjustments as the Board may determine to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant s rights that otherwise would result from (i) any stock dividend, extraordinary cash-dividend, stock split, combination of shares, recapitalization, or other change in the capital structure of the Company, (ii) any merger, consolidation, spin-off, split-off, spin-out, split-up, reclassification, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation, or other distribution of assets or issuance of rights or warrants to purchase securities, or (iii) any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing.  In the case of a Change in Control, such substitutions and adjustments include, without limitation, canceling any and all RSUs in exchange for cash payments in connection with such an adjustment event.  
  10.   Relation to Other Benefits  .  Any economic or other benefit to Participant under this Agreement shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which Participant may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any subsidiary and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any subsidiary.  
  11.   Amendments  .  Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto.  
  12.   Severability  .  If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable.  
 3 

13.   Relation to Plan  .  This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  In the event of any inconsistent provisions between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern.  The Board acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the RSU or its settlement.  
  14.   Successors and Assigns  .  The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company.  
  15.   Governing Law  .  The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof and all parties, including their successors and assigns, consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of New York.  
  16.   Prior Agreement  .  As of the Date of Grant, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto, or between either or both of the parties hereto and the Company, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or other agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, which are not embodied herein, and that no prior and/or contemporaneous agreement, statement or promise pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.  
  17.   Notices  .  For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof confirmed), or five business days after having been mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or three business days after having been sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service such as Federal Express, UPS, or Purolator, addressed to the Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) at its principal executive offices and to Participant at his principal residence, or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.  
  18.   Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.  
    19.   Transferability  .  The RSUs may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, in any manner (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily and whether by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any such purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate; provided that the designation of a   
 4 

beneficiary shall not breach the foregoing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may transfer the RSUs or the Shares delivered in respect of the RSUs to a family member or estate planning vehicle (so long as the Participant and the Participant s family members constitute the primary beneficiaries thereof) for personal and financial tax planning purposes; provided that the transferee becomes subject to the Stockholders Agreement and any other similar agreement to which the Company and the Participant are parties.  No otherwise permitted transfer of the RSUs to heirs, legatees, family members or an estate planning vehicle shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and a copy of such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and the acceptance by the transferee or transferees of the terms and conditions hereof.    All of the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement shall be binding upon any permitted successors and assigns.     
  20.   Financial Condition of Participant  .  The Participant further represents and warrants that (i) the Participant s financial condition is such that the Participant can afford to bear the economic risk of holding the RSUs and/or the Shares for an indefinite period of time and has adequate means for providing for the Participant's current needs and personal contingencies, (ii) the Participant can afford to suffer a complete loss of his or her investment in the RSUs and/or the Shares, (iii) the Participant understands and has taken cognizance of all risk factors related to the grant of the RSUs, (iv) the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters are such that the Participant is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the grant of the RSUs, and (v) unless Participant has circled  (is not)  in the provision under the signature line on the signature page hereto, the Participant represents he is an  accredited investor  within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the 1933 Act, as amended.  
  21.   Section 409A  . Each RSU constitutes an unfunded, unsecured promise to deliver a Share subject to Section 409A of the Code.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or the Plan, the RSUs granted hereunder shall not be deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out or modified in a manner that would result in the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A of the Code upon the Participant.  In the event it is reasonably determined by the Committee that, as a result of Section 409A of the Code, the transfer of Shares under this Agreement may not be made at the time contemplated hereunder without causing the Participant to be subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, the Company will make such payment on the first day that would not result in the Participant incurring any tax liability under Section 409A of the Code.  
 [Signature Page Follows] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and the Participant has executed this Agreement, as of the day and year first above written.  

DJO GLOBAL, INC.:  

DRAFT  

I hereby agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan, this Agreement and the Stockholder s Agreement.  I hereby further agree that all the decisions and determinations of the Board or an officer as provided in this Agreement shall be final and binding. 

PARTICIPANT:  

DRAFT  

Mike Eklund  

Participant ( is) (is not)   [circle one]  an  accredited investor   1  within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

1.    
 
 An  Accredited Investor  includes any person who meets one or more of the following tests (other tests may also be applicable, but Participant is an  accredited investor  if  any  of these tests is satisfied):    

Any director or executive officer of the Company;     

Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person's spouse, on the Date of Grant exceeds $1,000,000; or     

Exhibit A  
 Form of Plan 
 (Distributed Separately) 

Exhibit B  
 Form of Stockholders Agreement 
 (Distributed Separately) 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 djo-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

djo-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael P. Mogul, certify that: 

(1)   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of DJO Finance LLC;    

(2)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

(3)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

(4)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/   Michael P. Mogul   

Michael P. Mogul  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Manager  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 djo-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

djo-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael Eklund, certify that: 

(1)   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 of DJO Finance LLC;    

(2)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

(3)   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

(4)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5)   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/Michael Eklund  

Michael Eklund  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 djo-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

djo-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DJO Finance LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Michael P. Mogul, President, Chief Executive Officer and Manager of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(i)   
 
 This Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(ii)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Michael P. Mogul  

Michael P. Mogul  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Manager  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 djo-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

djo-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DJO Finance LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Michael Eklund, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Manager of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(i)   
 
 This Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(ii)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Michael Eklund  

Michael Eklund  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 djo-ex991_10.htm
 EX-99.1

djo-ex991_10.htm

Exhibit 99.1 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 Travelport Worldwide Limited ( Travelport ), a company that may be considered one of our affiliates, has made the following disclosure in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 (the  Travelport Disclosure ). We have no involvement in or control over the activities of Travelport, any of its predecessor companies or any of its subsidiaries, and we have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of the Travelport Disclosure. 
  As part of our global business in the travel industry, we provide certain passenger travel related Travel Commerce Platform and Technology Services to Iran Air. We also provide certain Technology Services to Iran Air Tours. All of these services are either exempt from applicable sanctions prohibitions pursuant to a statutory exemption permitting transactions ordinarily incident to travel or, to the extent not otherwise exempt, specifically licensed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Subject to any changes in the exempt/licensed status of such activities, we intend to continue these business activities, which are directly related to and promote the arrangement of travel for individuals. 
 The gross revenue and net profit attributable to these activities in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 were approximately $171,000 and $126,000, respectively.  
 NCR Corporation ( NCR ), which may be considered our affiliate, made the following disclosures in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 (the  NCR Disclosure ). We have no involvement in or control over the activities of NCR, any of its predecessor companies or any of its subsidiaries, and we have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of the NCR Disclosure. 
  Pursuant to Section 13(r)(1)(D)(iii) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we note that, during the period from April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016, we continued to maintain a bank account and guarantees at the Commercial Bank of Syria ( CBS ), which was designated as a Specially Designated National pursuant to Executive Order 13382 ( EO 13382 ) on August 10, 2011. This bank account and the guarantees at CBS were maintained in the normal course of business prior to the listing of CBS pursuant to EO 13382. We note that the last known account balance as of April 30, 2016 was approximately $3,468. The bank account did not generate interest from April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016, and the guarantees did not generate any revenue or profits for the Company. Pursuant to a license granted to the Company by OFAC on January 3, 2013, and subsequent licenses granted on April 29, 2013, July 12, 2013, February 28, 2014, November 12, 2014, and October 24, 2015, the Company had been engaged in winding down its past operations in Syria. The Company s last such license expired on April 30, 2016. In addition, the Company s application to renew its license to transact business with CBS, which was submitted to OFAC on May 18, 2015, was not acted upon prior to the expiration of the Company s last such license. As a result, and in connection with the license expiration, the Company abandoned its remaining property in Syria, which, including the CBS account, was commercially insignificant, and ended the employment of its final two employees in Syria, who had remained employed by the Company to assist with the execution of the Company s wind-down activities pursuant to authority granted by the OFAC licenses. The Company does not intend to engage in any further business activities with CBS.  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 djo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 djo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 djo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 djo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 djo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 djo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

