<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_35527_0001193125-16-763671_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29909676</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>485629</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1297469</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9414320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>14145159</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3463272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>189</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763671.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109070330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763671
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		169
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIFTH THIRD BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000035527
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				310854434
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33653
		FILM NUMBER:		161982762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 FOUNTAIN SQ PLZ
		STREET 2:		FIFTH THIRD CENTER
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45263
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5135795300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 FOUNTAIN SQ PLZ
		STREET 2:		FIFTH THIRD CENTER
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45263

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763671.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d264631d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission File Number 001-33653       

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Ohio  
   
  31-0854434   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction  
  of incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    
    Fifth Third Center   
  Cincinnati, Ohio 45263   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (800) 972-3030   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer      
   
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 There were 755,613,518 shares of the Registrant s common stock, without par value, outstanding as of October 31, 2016.  

Table of Contents  

FINANCIAL CONTENTS   

Part I. Financial Information    

Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms   

2 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations (Item 2)   

Selected Financial Data   

3 

Overview   

4 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures   

9 

Recent Accounting Standards   

12 

Critical Accounting Policies   

12 

Statements of Income Analysis   

13 

Balance Sheet Analysis   

22 

Business Segment Review   

28 

Risk Management Overview   

35 

Credit Risk Management   

36 

Market Risk Management   

50 

Liquidity Risk Management   

54 

Operational Risk Management   

56 

Compliance Risk Management   

56 

Capital Management   

57 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

59 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk (Item
3)   

60 

Controls and Procedures (Item 4)   

60 

Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (Item
1)   

Balance Sheets (unaudited)   

61 

Statements of Income (unaudited)   

62 

Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)   

63 

Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)   

64 

Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   

65 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)   

66 

Part II. Other Information    

Legal Proceedings (Item 1)   

122 

Risk Factors (Item 1A)   

122 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (Item
2)   

122 

Exhibits (Item 6)   

122 

Signatures   

124 

Certifications   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report contains statements that we believe are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder. These statements relate to our financial condition, results of operations, plans,
objectives, future performance or business. They usually can be identified by the use of forward-looking language such as  will likely result,   may,   are expected to,   is anticipated, 
 potential,   estimate,   forecast,   projected,   intends to,  or may include other similar words or phrases such as  believes,   plans,   trend, 
 objective,   continue,   remain,  or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   would,   should,   could,   might,   can,  or
similar verbs. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, as they are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk factors set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as updated by our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind these risks and uncertainties, as well as any cautionary statements we may make. Moreover, you should treat these statements as speaking only as of the
date they are made and based only on information then actually known to us. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that
might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) general economic or real estate market conditions, either nationally or in the states in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company do business,
weaken or are less favorable than expected; (2) deteriorating credit quality; (3) political developments, wars or other hostilities may disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (4) changes in the interest
rate environment reduce interest margins; (5) prepayment speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan loss provisions; (6) Fifth Third s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and
liquidity; (7) maintaining capital requirements and adequate sources of funding and liquidity may limit Fifth Third s operations and potential growth; (8) changes and trends in capital markets; (9) problems encountered by larger or similar
financial institutions may adversely affect the banking industry and/or Fifth Third; (10) competitive pressures among depository institutions increase significantly; (11) effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; (12) changes in
accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) or other regulatory agencies; (13) legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third, one or
more acquired entities and/or the combined company or the businesses in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company are engaged, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (14) ability
to maintain favorable ratings from rating agencies; (15) fluctuation of Fifth Third s stock price; (16) ability to attract and retain key personnel; (17) ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries; (18) potentially dilutive effect of
future acquisitions on current shareholders  ownership of Fifth Third; (19) effects of accounting or financial results of one or more acquired entities; (20) difficulties from Fifth Third s investment in, relationship with, and nature of
the operations of Vantiv, LLC; (21) loss of income from any sale or potential sale of businesses (22) difficulties in separating the operations of any branches or other assets divested; (23) losses or adverse impacts on the carrying values of
branches and long-lived assets in connection with their sales or anticipated sales; (24) inability to achieve expected benefits from branch consolidations and planned sales within desired timeframes, if at all; (25) ability to secure confidential
information and deliver products and services through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks; and (26) the impact of reputational risk created by these developments on such matters as business generation and retention, funding
and liquidity.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

     Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms   
     Fifth Third Bancorp provides the
following list of abbreviations and acronyms as a tool for the reader that are used in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      

ALCO:  Asset Liability Management Committee  

GSE:  United States Government Sponsored Enterprise   
 
    ALLL:  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  
   
    HAMP:  Home Affordable Modification
Program   
 
    AOCI:  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
   
    HARP:  Home Affordable Refinance Program   
 
    ARM:  Adjustable Rate Mortgage  
   
    HFS:  Held for Sale   
 
    ASF:  Available Stable Funding  
   
    HQLA:  High Quality Liquid Assets   
 
    ASU:  Accounting Standards Update  
   
    IPO:  Initial Public Offering   
 
    ATM:  Automated Teller Machine  
   
    IRC:  Internal Revenue Code   
 
    BCBS : Basel Committee on Banking Supervision  
   
    IRLC:  Interest Rate Lock Commitment   
 
    BHC:  Bank Holding Company  
   
    ISDA:  International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc.   
 
    BOLI:  Bank Owned Life Insurance  
   
    LCR:  Liquidity Coverage Ratio   
 
    BPO:  Broker Price Opinion  
   
    LIBOR:  London Interbank Offered Rate   
 
    bps:  Basis Points  
   
    LLC:  Limited Liability Company   
 
    CCAR:  Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review  

LTV:  Loan-to-Value   
 
    CDC:  Fifth Third Community Development
Corporation  
   
    MD A:  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial   
 
    CET1:  Common Equity Tier 1  
   
   Condition and Results of Operations   
 
    CFE:  Collateralized Financing Entity  
   
    MSA:  Metro Statistical Area   
 
    CFPB:  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  
   
    MSR:  Mortgage Servicing Right   
 
    C I:  Commercial and Industrial  
   
    N/A:  Not Applicable   
 
    CRA:  Community Reinvestment Act  
   
    NII:  Net Interest Income   
 
    DCF:  Discounted Cash Flow  
   
    NM:  Not Meaningful   
 
    DFA:  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform   Consumer
Protection Act  
   
    NSFR:  Net Stable Funding Ratio   
 
    DIF:  Deposit Insurance Fund  
   
    OAS:  Option-Adjusted Spread   
 
    DTCC:  Depository Trust   Clearing
Corporation  
   
    OCI:  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 
    ERISA:  Employee Retirement Income Security Act  
   
    OREO:  Other Real Estate Owned   
 
    ERM:  Enterprise Risk Management  
   
    OTTI:  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment   
 
    ERMC:  Enterprise Risk Management Committee  
   
    PCA:  Prompt Corrective Action   
 
    EVE:  Economic Value of Equity  
   
    PMI:  Private Mortgage Insurance   
 
    FASB:  Financial Accounting Standards Board  
   
    RSF:  Required Stable Funding   
 
    FDIC:  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  
   
    SARs:  Stock Appreciation Rights   
 
    FFIEC:  Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council  
   
    SBA:  Small Business Administration   
 
    FHA:  Federal Housing Administration  
   
    SEC:  United States Securities and Exchange
Commission   
 
    FHLB:  Federal Home Loan Bank  
   
    TBA:  To Be Announced   
 
    FHLMC:  Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation  
   
    TDR:  Troubled Debt Restructuring   
 
    FICO:  Fair Isaac Corporation (credit rating)  
   
    TILA:  Truth in Lending Act   
 
    FINRA:  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  
   
    TRA : Tax Receivable Agreement   
 
    FNMA:  Federal National Mortgage Association  
   
    TruPS:  Trust Preferred Securities   
 
    FRB:  Federal Reserve Bank  
   
    U.S.:  United States of America   
 
    FTE:  Fully Taxable Equivalent  
   
    U.S. GAAP:  United States Generally Accepted
Accounting   
 
    FTP:  Funds Transfer Pricing  
   
   Principles   
 
    FTS:  Fifth Third Securities  
   
    VA:  United States Department of Veteran
Affairs   
 
    GDP:  Gross Domestic Product  
   
    VIE:  Variable Interest Entity   
 
    GNMA:  Government
National Mortgage Association  
   
    VRDN:  Variable Rate
Demand Note   
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations (Item 2)       
 The following is Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of certain significant factors
that have affected Fifth Third Bancorp s (the  Bancorp  or  Fifth Third ) financial condition and results of operations during the periods included in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which are a part of this
filing. Reference to the Bancorp incorporates the parent holding company and all consolidated subsidiaries. The Bancorp s banking subsidiary is referred to as the Bank.  
    TABLE 1: Selected Financial Data   

(b)  
    These are non-GAAP measures. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of
MD A.      

(c)  
    The allowance for credit losses is the sum of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments.

(d)  
    Includes demand deposits, interest checking deposits, savings deposits, money market deposits and foreign
office deposits.      

(e)  
    Includes transaction deposits and other time deposits.      

(f)  
    Includes certificates $100,000 and over, other deposits, federal funds purchased, other short-term
borrowings and long-term debt.      

(g)  
    Under the U.S. banking agencies  Basel III Final Rule, assets and credit equivalent amounts of
off-balance sheet exposures are calculated according to the standardized approach for risk-weighted assets. The resulting values are added together in the Bancorp s total risk-weighted assets.      

(h)  
    Excludes unrealized gains and losses.      

(i)  
    Ratios not restated for the adoption of the amended guidance of ASU 2015-03  Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.      

(j)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $33 of average debt issuance costs from average other assets to average long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
     
      3  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     OVERVIEW   
 Fifth Third Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had
$143.3 billion in assets and operated 1,191 full-service banking centers, including 94 Bank Mart    locations, open seven days a week, inside select grocery stores, and 2,497 ATMs in ten states
throughout the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the U.S. The Bancorp reports on four business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending and Wealth and Asset Management. The Bancorp also has an approximate 18% interest in
Vantiv Holding, LLC. The carrying value of the Bancorp s investment in Vantiv Holding, LLC was $404 million at September 30, 2016.  
 This overview of MD A highlights selected information in the financial results of the Bancorp and may not contain all of the information
that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments, uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies and estimates, you should carefully read this entire document as well as the
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Each of these items could have an impact on the Bancorp s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, refer to the Glossary of
Abbreviations and Acronyms in this report for a list of terms included as a tool for the reader of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The abbreviations and acronyms identified therein are used throughout this MD A, as well as the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.    Net interest income, net interest margin
and the efficiency ratio are presented in MD A on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and securities held by the Bancorp that are not taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp
believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts. The FTE basis for presenting net interest income is a non-GAAP measure. For
further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD A.    The Bancorp s revenues are dependent on both net
interest income and noninterest income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net interest income on an FTE basis and noninterest income provided 52% and 48% of total revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net
interest income on an FTE basis and noninterest income provided 57% and 43% of total revenue, respectively. The Bancorp derives the majority of its revenues within the U.S. from customers domiciled in the U.S. Revenue from foreign countries and
external customers domiciled in foreign countries was immaterial to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends and the
capital markets are primary factors that drive the performance of the Bancorp. As discussed later in the Risk Management section of MD A, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting are important to the management of risk
and to the financial performance and capital strength of the Bancorp.    Net interest income is the difference between interest income
earned on assets such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense incurred on liabilities such as deposits, other short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Net interest income is affected by the general level of interest rates, the
relative level of short-term and long-term interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the rates of interest the Bancorp earns on its
assets and pays on its liabilities are established for a period of time. The change in market interest rates over time exposes the Bancorp to interest rate risk through potential adverse changes to net interest income and financial position. The
Bancorp manages this risk by continually analyzing and adjusting the composition of its assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities and their sensitivity to changes in market interest
rates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into certain derivative transactions as part of its overall strategy to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks. The Bancorp is also exposed to the risk of loss on its
loan and lease portfolio, as a result of changing expected cash flows caused by borrower credit events, such as, loan defaults and inadequate collateral due to a weakened economy within the Bancorp s footprint.  
 Noninterest income is derived from service charges on deposits, corporate banking revenue, wealth and asset management revenue, card and
processing revenue, mortgage banking net revenue, securities gains, net and other noninterest income. Noninterest expense includes personnel costs, net occupancy expense, technology and communication costs, card and processing expense, equipment
expense and other noninterest expense.      Branch Consolidations and Sales Activity    
 The Bancorp monitors changing customer preferences associated with the channels it uses for banking transactions to evaluate the efficiency,
competitiveness and quality of the customer service experience in its consumer distribution network. As part of this ongoing assessment, the Bancorp may determine that it is no longer fully committed to maintaining full-service branches at certain
of its existing banking center locations. Similarly, the Bancorp may also determine that it is no longer fully committed to building banking centers on certain parcels of land which had previously been held for future branch expansion. On June 16,
2015, the Bancorp s Board of Directors authorized management to pursue a plan to further develop its distribution strategy, including a plan to consolidate and/or sell certain operating branch locations and certain parcels of undeveloped land
that had been acquired by the Bancorp for future branch expansion (the  Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan ). In addition, the Bancorp announced on September 13, 2016 that it had identified an additional 44 branch locations and 5 parcels
of undeveloped land that it planned to consolidate or sell.    On January 29, 2016, the Bancorp closed the previously announced sale in the
St. Louis MSA to Great Southern Bank and recorded a gain on the sale of $8 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, on April 22, 2016, the Bancorp closed the previously
announced sale in the Pittsburgh MSA to First National Bank of Pennsylvania and recorded a gain on the sale of $11 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Both transactions were part
of the Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  As of September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had 72 branch locations and 37 parcels of undeveloped
land that had been acquired for future branch expansion that it intended to consolidate or sell. These branch locations and parcels of undeveloped land, which include unsold properties from the Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan as well as
properties included in the September 13, 2016 announcement, represent $45 million, $17 million and $2 million of land and improvements, buildings and equipment, respectively, included in bank premises and equipment in the Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, of which $34 million, $10 million and $1 million, respectively, were classified as held for sale. The Bancorp expects to receive approximately $72 million in annual savings from operating expenses upon
completion of the Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan and the consolidation and/or sale of properties included in the September 13, 2016 announcement. For further information, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.    On September 29, 2016, the Bancorp closed on the sale of an office complex. The sale also included all of the Bancorp s
rights, title and interest as a landlord under existing leases in the complex. Under the terms of the transaction, the Bancorp received proceeds of approximately $31 million and entered into a lease agreement whereby the Bancorp leased-back
approximately 25% of the office complex. In conjunction with the transaction, which qualified as a sale-leaseback under U.S. GAAP, the Bancorp retired assets with a net book value of approximately $10 million, recognized a deferred gain of $10
million, which will be amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the 15 year lease term, and recorded a gain on the transaction of $11 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.
     Vantiv, Inc. TRA Transactions    
 On July 27, 2016, the Bancorp entered into an agreement with Vantiv, Inc. under which a portion of its TRAs with Vantiv, Inc. was terminated
and settled in full for consideration of a cash payment in the amount of $116 million from Vantiv, Inc. Under the agreement, the Bancorp terminated and settled certain TRA cash flows it expected to receive in the years 2019 to 2035, totaling an
estimated $331 million. The Bancorp recognized a pre-tax gain of $116 million in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income from this settlement in the third quarter of 2016.  
 Additionally, the agreement provides that Vantiv, Inc. may be obligated to pay up to a total of approximately $171 million to the Bancorp to
terminate and settle certain remaining TRA cash flows, totaling an estimated $394 million, upon the exercise of certain call options by Vantiv, Inc. or certain put options by the Bancorp. If the associated call options or put options are exercised,
10% of the obligations would be settled with respect to each quarter in 2017 and 15% of the obligations would be settled with respect to each quarter in 2018. The Bancorp recognized a pre-tax gain of $164 million in other noninterest income in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income in the third quarter of 2016 associated with these options.    This agreement does not impact
the TRA payments expected to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017 which are expected to be received in the first quarter of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, respectively.  
   Accelerated Share Repurchase Transactions    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bancorp entered into or settled a number of accelerated share repurchase transactions. As
part of these transactions, the Bancorp entered into forward contracts in which the final number of shares delivered at settlement was based generally on a discount to the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp s common
stock during the term of the repurchase agreements. For more information on the accelerated share repurchase program, refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. For a summary of the Bancorp s accelerated share
repurchase transactions that were entered into or settled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, refer to Table 2.     TABLE 2: Summary of
Accelerated Share Repurchase Transactions   
     Open Market Share Repurchase Transactions    
 Between June 17, 2016 and June 20, 2016, the Bancorp repurchased 1,436,100 shares, or approximately $26 million, of its outstanding common
stock through open market repurchase transactions.      Senior and Subordinated Notes Offerings    
 On March 15, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured bank notes. The bank notes consisted of
$750 million of 2.30% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of three years, due on March 15, 2019; and $750 million of 3.85% subordinated fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of ten years, due on March 15, 2026. These bank notes will be redeemable
by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On June 14, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.3 billion of 2.25% unsecured senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of five years, due on
June 14, 2021. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to,
but excluding, the redemption date.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  On September 2, 2016, the Bank submitted a redemption notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent
to redeem $1.0 billion of 1.15% senior fixed-rate notes and $750 million of senior floating-rate notes at three-month LIBOR plus 51 bps. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the notes, the Bank redeemed the notes on October 19, 2016, which was 30
days prior to their scheduled maturity on November 18, 2016.    On September 27, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.0 billion in aggregate
principal amount of unsecured senior bank notes, with a maturity of three years, due on September 27, 2019. The bank notes consisted of $750 million of 1.625% senior fixed-rate notes and $250 million of senior floating-rate notes at three-month
LIBOR plus 59 bps. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate notes to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus 53 bps. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in
whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
   Legislative and Regulatory Developments    
 During the first quarter of 2016, the FDIC issued a final rule implementing a 4.5 bps surcharge on the quarterly FDIC insurance assessments of
insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of $10 billion or more. The surcharge will take effect at the same time the FDIC is required to lower the regular FDIC insurance assessments by approximately 2 bps under a rule adopted
by the FDIC in 2011, which is triggered by the DIF reserve ratio reaching 1.15% of insured deposits. In August of 2016, the FDIC announced the DIF reserve ratio reached 1.17% of insured deposits as of June 30, 2016. Therefore, on July 1, 2016, the
Bancorp became subject to the FDIC surcharge and reduced regular FDIC insurance assessments. The surcharges will continue through the quarter that the DIF reserve ratio first reaches or exceeds 1.35% of insured deposits, but not later than December
31, 2018. If the reserve ratio does not reach 1.35% by December 31, 2018, the FDIC will impose a shortfall assessment on March 31, 2019, on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of $10 billion or more. The FDIC projects the
surcharges will be sufficient to raise the DIF reserve ratio to 1.35% in 2018. Fifth Third estimates the announced changes to the FDIC assessments will result in a net increase in its FDIC insurance expense of approximately $23 million on an annual
basis.    The FRB launched the 2016 stress testing program and CCAR on January 28, 2016, with submissions of stress test results and
capital plans to the FRB due on April 5, 2016, which the Bancorp submitted as required.    On June 29, 2016, the Bancorp announced the
results of its capital plan submitted to the FRB as part of the 2016 CCAR. For BHCs that proposed capital distributions in their plans, the FRB either objected to the plan or provided a non-objection whereby the FRB permitted the proposed capital
distributions. The FRB indicated to the Bancorp that it did not object to the following capital actions for the period beginning July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017:  

The potential increase in the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.14 in the fourth quarter of 2016;

The potential repurchase of common shares in an amount up to $660 million, which includes $84 million in
repurchases related to share issuances under employee benefit plans;     

The additional ability to repurchase shares in the amount of any realized after-tax gains from the sale of
Vantiv, Inc. common stock, if executed;     

The additional ability to repurchase shares in the amount of any realized after-tax gains from the
termination and settlement of any portion of the TRA with Vantiv, Inc., if executed.       For more information on the 2016
CCAR results refer to the Capital Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A.    Fifth Third offers qualified deposit
customers a deposit advance product if they choose to avail themselves of this product to meet short-term, small-dollar financial needs. Fifth Third s deposit advance product is designed to fully comply with the applicable federal and state
laws and use of this product is subject to strict eligibility requirements and advance restriction guidelines to limit dependency on this product as a borrowing source. The Bancorp s deposit advance balances are included in other consumer loans
and leases in the Loans and Leases subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD A and in Table 8 in the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD A. On January 17, 2014, given developments in industry practice, Fifth Third
announced that it would no longer enroll new customers in its deposit advance product and expected to phase out the service to existing customers by the end of 2014. To avoid a disruption to its existing customers during the extension period while
the banking industry awaits further regulatory guidance on the deposit advance product, on November 3, 2014, Fifth Third announced changes to its current deposit advance product for existing customers beginning January 1, 2015, including a lower
transaction fee, an extended repayment period and a reduced maximum advance period. On June 2, 2016, the CFPB issued proposed rules to create additional consumer protections for certain consumer credit products such as payday loans, vehicle title
loans and certain high-cost installment loans. Fifth Third is continuing to offer the service to existing deposit advance product customers and will address how best to meet customers  need for a small dollar, short-term credit product when the
rules are finalized.    In December 2013, the U.S. banking agencies issued final rules to implement section 619 of the DFA, known as the
Volcker Rule, which places limitations on banking organizations  ability to (i) engage in short-term proprietary trading and (ii) own, sponsor or have certain relationships with certain private equity funds, hedge funds, and other private funds
(collectively  covered funds ). On July 7, 2016, the FRB announced a third extension of the conformance period, providing the industry until July 21, 2017, to conform investments in and relationships with covered funds that were in place
prior to December 31, 2013. The extension does not apply to investments in and relationships with a covered fund made after December 31, 2013 or to short-term proprietary trading activities. The Volcker Rule prohibits banking organizations from
engaging in short-term proprietary trading of certain securities, derivatives, commodity futures and options on these instruments for their own account. The Volcker Rule also restricts banking organizations from owning, sponsoring or having certain
relationships with covered funds, as well as holding certain collateralized loan obligations that are deemed to contain ownership interests. The Volcker Rule provides several exclusions and exemptions for certain activities, such as underwriting,
market making, hedging, trading in certain government obligations and organizing and offering a private fund.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

Fifth Third does not sponsor any private funds that, under the Volcker Rule, it is prohibited from sponsoring. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had approximately $147 million in interests and
approximately $30 million in binding commitments to invest in private equity funds that are affected by the Volcker Rule. The Bancorp recognized $9 million of OTTI primarily associated with certain nonconforming investments affected by the Volcker
Rule during the third quarter of 2016. Refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  
 On October 10, 2014, the U.S. Banking Agencies published final rules implementing a quantitative liquidity requirement consistent with the
LCR standard established by the BCBS for large internationally active banking organizations, generally those with $250 billion or more in total consolidated assets or $10 billion or more in on-balance sheet foreign exposure. In addition, a modified
LCR requirement was implemented for BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets but that are not internationally active, such as Fifth Third. The Modified LCR became effective January 1, 2016 and requires BHCs to calculate its LCR on
a monthly basis. Refer to the Liquidity Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A for further discussion on these ratios.  
 The FRB conducted a regularly scheduled examination covering 2011 through 2013 to determine the Bank s compliance with the CRA. This CRA
examination resulted in a rating of  Needs to Improve.  The Bank believes that the  Needs to Improve  rating reflects legacy issues that have been remediated during the intervening three years. While the Bank s CRA rating is
 Needs to Improve  the Bancorp and the Bank face limitations and conditions on certain activities, including the commencement of new activities and merger with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. The Bank s next CRA
examination is expected to commence during the fourth quarter of 2016.      Earnings Summary    
 The Bancorp s net income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2016 was $501 million, or $0.65 per diluted share,
which was net of $15 million in preferred stock dividends. The Bancorp s net income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2015 was $366 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, which was net of $15 million in preferred stock
dividends. The Bancorp s net income available to common shareholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.1 billion, or $1.45 per diluted share, which was net of $52 million in preferred stock dividends. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Bancorp s net income available to common shareholders was $1.0 billion, or $1.22 per diluted share, which was net of $52 million in preferred stock dividends. Pre-provision net revenue was $774 million and $1.8 billion
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $671 million and $1.7 billion for the same periods in 2015. Pre-provision net revenue is a non-GAAP measure. For further information, refer to the  Non-GAAP  Financial Measures section of MD A.    Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) was
$913 million and $2.7 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, an increase of $7 million and $80 million compared to the same periods in the prior year. Net interest income was positively impacted by
increases in average taxable securities and yields on average loans and leases. Additionally, net interest income was positively impacted by the decision of the Federal Open Market Committee in December 2015 to raise the target range of the federal
funds rate 25 bps. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included the positive impact of an increase in average loans and leases. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in average long-term debt coupled with decreases in
the net interest rate spread. Net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) was 2.88% for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.89% and 2.88%, respectively, for the same periods in the prior year.  
 Noninterest income increased $127 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to an increase in other noninterest income. Noninterest income increased $175 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to increases in other noninterest
income and corporate banking revenue partially offset by a decrease in mortgage banking net revenue. Other noninterest income increased $123 million and $174 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods included the impact of a $280 million gain, which was recognized during the third quarter of 2016, from the termination and settlement of gross cash flows from existing Vantiv, Inc.
TRAs and the expected obligation to terminate and settle the remaining Vantiv, Inc. TRA cash flows upon the exercise of put or call options. The increase for both periods also included the impact of impairment charges on bank premises and equipment
of $28 million and $31 million that were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to impairment charges of $2 million and $104 million which were recognized during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    The increase in other noninterest income for both periods was partially offset by a
negative valuation adjustment on the stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC of $2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a positive valuation adjustment of $130 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 included positive valuation adjustments on the stock warrant of $64 million compared to $215 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Additionally, the increase in other noninterest income
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by the recognition of $9 million of OTTI on certain private equity investments in the third quarter of 2016. Refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information.    The nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included the impact of gains of $19 million
on the sale of certain branches and the $11 million gain on the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016. Additionally, the increase in other noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
partially offset by $61 million of negative valuation adjustments related to the Visa total return swap compared to $27 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as well as by the impact of a $37 million gain on the sale of residential
mortgage loans classified as TDRs during the first quarter of 2015.    Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $55 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in net mortgage servicing revenue partially offset by an increase in origination fees and gains on loan sales. Corporate banking revenue
increased $50 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by increases in lease remarketing fees and syndication fees partially offset by decreases in foreign exchange fees and
business lending fees.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Noninterest expense increased $30 million and $128 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to increases in personnel costs (salaries, wages and incentives plus employee benefits) technology and communications and other noninterest expense
partially offset by a decrease in card and processing expense. Personnel costs increased $19 million and $85 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase
for both periods was driven by increased base compensation, primarily due to personnel additions in risk and compliance and information technology, and increased variable compensation. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
also driven by higher retirement and severance costs related to the Bancorp s voluntary early retirement program. Technology and communications expense increased $6 million and $13 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year driven by increased investment in information technology associated with regulatory and compliance initiatives, system maintenance and other growth initiatives.  
 Other noninterest expense increased $21 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to increases in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments, impairment on affordable housing investments and FDIC insurance and other taxes. Other noninterest expense increased $58 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to increases in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments, FDIC insurance and other taxes, impairment on affordable housing investments, losses and
adjustments and operating lease expense partially offset by a decrease in loan and lease expense.    Card and processing expense decreased
$10 million and $13 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the impact of renegotiated service contracts.  
 For more information on net interest income, noninterest income and noninterest expense refer to the Statements of Income Analysis section of
MD A.      Credit Summary    
 The provision for loan and lease losses was $80 million and $289 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to $156 million and $305 million for the same periods in 2015. Net losses charged-off as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 0.45% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.80% during the same
period in the prior year and decreased to 0.41% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.53% for the same period in the prior year. At September 30, 2016, nonperforming portfolio assets as a percent of portfolio loans and leases
and OREO increased to 0.75% compared to 0.70% at December 31, 2015. For further discussion on credit quality refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A.  
   Capital Summary      The
Bancorp s capital ratios exceed the  well-capitalized  guidelines as defined by the PCA requirements of the U.S. banking agencies. As of September 30, 2016, as calculated under the Basel III transition provisions, the CET1 capital
ratio was 10.17%, the Tier I risk-based capital ratio was 11.27%, the Total risk-based capital ratio was 14.88% and the Tier I leverage ratio was 9.80%.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   
 The following are non-GAAP measures which are important to the reader of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements but should be
supplemental to primary U.S. GAAP measures.    The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and securities
held by the Bancorp that are not taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable
amounts.    The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of net interest income on an FTE basis, net interest margin and
the efficiency ratio to U.S. GAAP:     TABLE 3: Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Net Interest Income on an FTE Basis, Net Interest Margin and Efficiency
Ratio   
   The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measure of income before income taxes on an FTE basis
to U.S. GAAP:     TABLE 4: Non-GAAP Financial Measure - Income Before Income Taxes on an FTE Basis   
   Pre-provision net revenue is net interest income plus noninterest income minus noninterest expense. The
Bancorp believes this measure is important because it provides a ready view of the Bancorp s pre-tax earnings before the impact of provision expense.  
 The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measure of pre-provision net revenue to U.S. GAAP:  
  TABLE 5: Non-GAAP Financial Measure - Pre-Provision Net Revenue   
   The Bancorp believes return on average tangible common equity is an important measure for comparative
purposes with other financial institutions, but is not defined under U.S. GAAP, and therefore is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure is useful for evaluating the performance of a business as it calculates the return available to
common shareholders without the impact of intangible assets and their related amortization.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measure of return on average tangible
common equity to U.S. GAAP:     TABLE 6: Non-GAAP Financial Measure - Return on Average Tangible Common Equity   
   The Bancorp considers various measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including the
tangible equity ratio, tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per share, in addition to capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking agencies. These calculations are intended to complement the capital ratios defined by the U.S. banking
agencies for both absolute and comparative purposes. Because U.S. GAAP does not include capital ratio measures, the Bancorp believes there are no comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures to these ratios. These ratios are not formally defined by U.S.
GAAP or codified in the federal banking regulations and, therefore, are considered to be non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, the Bancorp became subject to the Basel III Final Rule on January 1, 2015 which defined various regulatory capital
ratios including the CET1 ratio. The CET1 capital ratio has transition provisions that will be phased out over time. The Bancorp is presenting the CET1 capital ratio on a fully phased-in basis for comparative purposes with other organizations. The
Bancorp considers the fully phased-in CET1 ratio a non-GAAP measure since it is not the CET1 ratio in effect for the periods presented. Since analysts and the U.S. banking agencies may assess the Bancorp s capital adequacy using these ratios,
the Bancorp believes they are useful to provide investors the ability to assess its capital adequacy on the same basis. The Bancorp encourages readers to consider its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in their entirety and not to rely on
any single financial measure.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table reconciles non-GAAP capital ratios to U.S. GAAP:  
  TABLE 7: Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Capital Ratios   

(a)  
    Primarily relates to disallowed intangible assets (other than goodwill and MSRs, net of associated deferred
tax liabilities).      

(b)  
    Under the banking agencies  risk-based capital guidelines, assets and credit equivalent amounts of
derivatives and off-balance sheet exposures are assigned to broad risk categories. The aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is multiplied by the associated risk-weight of the category. The resulting weighted values are added together, along
with the measure for market risk, resulting in the Bancorp s total risk-weighted assets.      

(c)  
    Primarily relates to higher risk weighting for MSRs.      

(d)  
    Excludes unrealized gains and losses.      

(e)  
    Balances not restated for the adoption of the amended guidance of ASU 2015-03  Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.      

(f)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $34 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
     
      11  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   
 Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements provides a discussion of the significant new accounting standards
applicable to the Bancorp and the expected impact of significant accounting standards issued, but not yet required to be adopted.      
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES     The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Certain
accounting policies require management to exercise judgment in determining methodologies, economic assumptions and estimates that may materially affect the Bancorp s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The Bancorp s
critical accounting policies include the accounting for the ALLL, reserve for unfunded commitments, income taxes, valuation of servicing rights, fair value measurements, goodwill and legal contingencies. These accounting policies are discussed in
detail in the Critical Accounting Policies section of the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. No material changes were made to the valuation techniques or models during the nine months ended September
30, 2016.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     STATEMENTS OF INCOME ANALYSIS   
   Net Interest Income      Net interest
income is the interest earned on loans and leases (including yield-related fees), securities and other short-term investments less the interest paid for core deposits (includes transaction deposits and other time deposits) and wholesale funding
(includes certificates $100,000 and over, other deposits, federal funds purchased, other short-term borrowings and long-term debt). The net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. Net
interest rate spread is the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is typically greater than net interest rate spread due to the interest
income earned on those assets that are funded by noninterest-bearing liabilities, or free funding, such as demand deposits or shareholders  equity.  
 Tables 8 and 9 present the components of net interest income, net interest margin and net interest rate spread for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as the relative impact of changes in the balance sheet and changes in interest rates on net interest income. Nonaccrual loans and leases and loans held for sale have been included in the average loan and
lease balances. Average outstanding securities balances are based on amortized cost with any unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale and other securities included in other assets.  
 Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) was $913 million and $2.7 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, an increase of $7 million and $80 million compared to the same periods in the prior year. Net interest income was positively impacted by increases in average taxable securities of $1.5 billion and $3.5 billion for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and increases in yields on average loans and leases of 10 bps and 5 bps for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year.
Additionally, net interest income was positively impacted by the decision of the Federal Open Market Committee in December 2015 to raise the target range of the federal funds rate 25 bps. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included the
positive impact of an increase in average loans and leases of $1.5 billion compared to the same period in the prior year. These positive impacts were partially offset by increases in average long-term debt of $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year coupled with decreases in the net interest rate spread to 2.66% and 2.68% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, from 2.71% and 2.70% in the same periods in the prior year. The decreases in the net interest rate spread were due to a 12 bps and 9 bps increase in the rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, partially offset by a 7 bps increase in yields on average interest-earning assets for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year.  
 Net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) was 2.88% for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.89% and
2.88% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease from the three months ended September 30, 2015 was driven primarily by the aforementioned decrease in net interest rate spread coupled with an increase of $1.7
billion in average interest-earning assets partially offset by an increase in average free funding balances. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 was positively impacted by an increase in average free funding balances compared to the same period
in the prior year offset by an increase of $3.4 billion in average interest-earning assets as well as the aforementioned decrease in net interest rate spread. The increase in average free funding balances for both periods was driven by an increase
in average demand deposits of $687 million and $881 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year as well as an increase in average shareholders  equity of $1.1
billion and $784 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year.  
 Interest income on an FTE basis from loans and leases (non-GAAP) increased $22 million and $78 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by an increase in yields on average loans and leases of 10 bps compared to the same period
in the prior year primarily due to an increase in yields on average commercial and industrial loans. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in average loans and leases coupled with an increase in
yields on average loans and leases. Average loans and leases increased $1.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year driven primarily by increases in average residential mortgage loans,
average commercial construction loans and average commercial and industrial loans partially offset by a decrease in average automobile loans. Yields on average loans and leases increased 5 bps for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year primarily driven by an increase in yields on average commercial and industrial loans. For more information on the Bancorp s loan and lease portfolio, refer to the Loans and Leases subsection of the Balance
Sheet Analysis section of MD A. Interest income from investment securities and other short-term investments increased $10 million and $69 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods
in the prior year primarily as a result of the aforementioned increases in average taxable securities.    Interest expense on core deposits
increased $7 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. These increases were primarily due to increases in the cost of average interest-bearing core deposits to
26 bps for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 22 bps and 24 bps for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in the cost of average interest-bearing core deposits for both periods
was primarily due to increases in the cost of average interest checking deposits. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was also due to an increase in the cost of average money
market deposits. Refer to the Deposits subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD A for additional information on the Bancorp s deposits.  
 Interest expense on average wholesale funding increased $18 million and $60 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to increases of 24 bps and 25 bps, respectively, in the rates paid on average long-term debt
coupled with the aforementioned increases in average long-term debt.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

Refer to the Borrowings subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD A for additional information on the Bancorp s borrowings. During both the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, average wholesale funding represented 26% of average interest-bearing liabilities compared to 25% and 23% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. For more information on the Bancorp s
interest rate risk management, including estimated earnings sensitivity to changes in market interest rates, refer to the Market Risk Management section of MD A.  
  TABLE 8: Condensed Average Balance Sheets and Analysis of Net Interest Income on an FTE Basis   

(a)  
    Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute
dollar amount of change in volume and yield/rate.      

(c)  
    Net interest income (FTE) and net interest margin (FTE) are non-GAAP measures. For further information,
refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD A.      

(d)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $33 of average debt issuance costs from average other assets to average long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
     
      14  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

(a)  
    Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute
dollar amount of change in volume and yield/rate.      

(c)  
    Net interest income (FTE) and net interest margin (FTE) are non-GAAP measures. For further information,
refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD A.      

(d)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $33 of average debt issuance costs from average other assets to average long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
         Provision for Loan and Lease Losses    
 The Bancorp provides as an expense an amount for probable loan and lease losses within the loan and lease portfolio that is based on factors
previously discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies section of the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The provision is recorded to bring the ALLL to a level deemed appropriate by the Bancorp to
cover losses inherent in the portfolio. Actual credit losses on loans and leases are charged against the ALLL. The amount of loans and leases actually removed from the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are referred to as charge-offs. Net
charge-offs include current period charge-offs less recoveries on previously charged-off loans and leases.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The provision for loan and lease losses was $80 million and $289 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $156 million and $305 million during the same periods in the prior year. The decrease in provision expense for both periods was primarily due to the impact of the restructuring of a
student loan backed commercial credit originated in 2007 during the third quarter of 2015 partially offset by prolonged softness in commodity prices, slow global economic growth and appreciation of the U.S. dollar. The ALLL was $1.3 billion at both
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases was 1.37%.  
 Refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A as well as Note 6 of the Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for more detailed information on the provision for loan and lease losses, including an analysis of loan and lease portfolio composition, nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and other factors considered by the
Bancorp in assessing the credit quality of the loan and lease portfolio and the ALLL.      Noninterest Income    
 Noninterest income increased $127 million and $175 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year.    The following table presents the components of noninterest income:  
  TABLE 10: Components of Noninterest Income   
    Service charges on deposits   
 Service charges on deposits decreased $2 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in
the prior year. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year was due to a $3 million and $8 million, respectively, decrease in consumer deposit fees driven by a decrease in
consumer checking fees partially offset by a $1 million and $6 million, respectively, increase in commercial deposit fees driven by new customer acquisition.  
  Corporate banking revenue     Corporate
banking revenue increased $7 million and $50 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same periods in the prior year was primarily driven by increases in lease remarketing fees and syndication fees. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by decreases in foreign exchange fees and
letter of credit fees. The increase in lease remarketing fees of $5 million and $35 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year included an $11 million gain on certain
commercial lease terminations partially offset by $6 million of impairment charges related to certain operating lease equipment that were recognized during the third quarter of 2016. The increase in lease remarketing fees for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year also included the impact of $36 million of impairment charges related to operating lease equipment that was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Syndication fees
increased $4 million and $31 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year as a result of increased activity in the market. Foreign exchange fees decreased $11 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by lower volume coupled with lower volatility. Letter of credit fees decreased $7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by a decrease in outstanding VRDNs.     Wealth and asset management revenue   
 Wealth and asset management revenue (formerly investment advisory revenue) decreased $2 million and $11 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year was primarily due to decreases of $4
million and $13 million, respectively, in transactional securities and brokerage fees driven by lower sales and trading volume. These decreases were partially offset by a $2 million increase in private client service fees and institutional fees for
both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year. The Bancorp had approximately $314 billion and $297 billion in total assets under care at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and managed
$27 billion and $25 billion in assets for individuals, corporations and not-for-profit organizations at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Card and processing revenue     Card and
processing revenue increased $2 million and $15 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily driven by an increase in the number of actively used cards and
customer spend volume.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
   Mortgage banking net revenue   
 Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $5 million and $55 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in the prior year.    The following table presents the components of mortgage banking net revenue:  
  TABLE 11: Components of Mortgage Banking Net Revenue   
   Origination fees and gains on loan sales increased $15 million and $22 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year driven by an increase in saleable residential mortgage loan originations. Residential mortgage loan originations increased to $2.9 billion and $7.3 billion during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $2.3 billion and $6.6 billion during the same periods in the prior year.  
 Net mortgage servicing revenue is comprised of gross mortgage servicing fees and related MSR amortization as well as valuation adjustments on
MSRs and mark-to-market adjustments on both settled and outstanding free-standing derivative financial instruments used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. Net mortgage servicing revenue decreased $20 million and $77 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decreases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year were driven by decreases of $17
million and $73 million in net valuation adjustments, respectively, as well as decreases of $5 million and $18 million in gross mortgage servicing fees, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by decreases in MSR amortization of $2
million and $14 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year.  
 The following table presents the components of net valuation adjustments on the MSR portfolio and the impact of the non-qualifying hedging
strategy:     TABLE 12: Components of Net Valuation Adjustments on MSRs   
   Mortgage rates increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Actual prepayment speeds also
increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016, but were associated with the interest rate decline at the end of the second quarter of 2016 as there is a natural lag between interest rate movements and prepayments. The increase in
mortgage rates caused modeled prepayment speeds to decrease, which led to a recovery of temporary impairment on servicing rights during the period. Mortgage rates decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Mortgage rates were also
lower during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 which caused actual prepayments on the servicing portfolio to increase. Lower mortgage rates caused modeled prepayment speeds to increase, which led to temporary impairment on
servicing rights during the periods.    Servicing rights are deemed impaired when a borrower s loan rate is distinctly higher than
prevailing rates. Impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower s loan rate. Further detail on the valuation of MSRs can be found in Note 11 of the Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the valuation on the MSR portfolio. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information on the free-standing derivatives used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio.    The
Bancorp s total residential loans serviced at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $70.2 billion and $74.5 billion, respectively, with $54.6 billion and $60.3 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans serviced for others.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
   Other noninterest income   
 The following table presents the components of other noninterest income:  
  TABLE 13: Components of Other Noninterest Income   
   Other noninterest income increased $123 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in the income from the TRA associated with Vantiv, Inc. partially offset by decreases in positive valuation adjustments on the warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC and private
equity investment income as well as an increase in net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment. Other noninterest income increased $174 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in the prior year primarily due to increases in the income from the TRA associated with Vantiv, Inc. and gains on sale of branches as well as a decrease in the net losses on disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment. These increases
were partially offset by decreases in positive valuation adjustments on the warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC, net gains on loan sales and private equity investment income as well as an increase in the loss on the swap associated with the
sale of Visa, Inc. class B shares.    The increase for both periods included the impact of a $280 million gain, which was recognized during
the third quarter of 2016, from the termination and settlement of gross cash flows from existing Vantiv, Inc. TRAs and the expected obligation to terminate and settle the remaining Vantiv, Inc. TRA cash flows upon the exercise of put or call
options. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year also included the impact of impairment charges of $28 million and $31 million, respectively, included in net losses on
disposition and impairment of bank premises and equipment, compared to impairment charges of $2 million and $104 million which were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The impairment charges for both
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were partially offset by a gain of $11 million on the sale-leaseback of an office complex during the third quarter of 2016. For further information, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.    Gains on sale of branches of $19 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included an $11
million gain on the sale of the Bancorp s retail operations in the Pittsburgh MSA to First National Bank of Pennsylvania during the second quarter of 2016 and an $8 million gain on the sale of the Bancorp s retail operations in the St.
Louis MSA to Great Southern Bank during the first quarter of 2016.    The Bancorp recognized a negative valuation adjustment on the stock
warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC of $2 million and a positive valuation adjustment of $130 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included positive
valuation adjustments on the stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC of $64 million and $215 million, respectively. The fair value of the stock warrant is calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which utilizes several key
inputs (Vantiv, Inc. stock price, strike price of the warrant and several unobservable inputs). The negative valuation adjustment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a decrease of 1% in Vantiv, Inc. s share price
from June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016. The positive valuation adjustment for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to an increase of 18% in Vantiv, Inc. s share price from June 30, 2015 to September 30, 2015. The
positive valuation adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to increases of 19% and 32%, respectively, in Vantiv, Inc. s share price from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 and from December 31,
2014 to September 30, 2015. The changes in the valuation adjustments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year included the impact of the sale and exercise of a portion of the warrant
during the fourth quarter of 2015. For additional information on the valuation of the warrant, refer to Note 22 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Private equity investment income decreased $17 million and $16 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was primarily driven by the recognition of $9 million of OTTI on certain private equity investments in the third quarter of 2016. Refer to Note 22 of the Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Net gains on loan sales decreased $32 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year as the prior period included the impact of a $37 million gain on the sale of residential mortgage loans classified as TDRs during the first quarter of 2015 which was partially offset by the $11 million
gain on the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016.    During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Bancorp recognized a $61 million negative valuation adjustment related to the Visa total return swap compared to $27 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The adjustment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
primarily attributable to the decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to vacate and reverse the district court s approval of the settlement of an interchange antitrust class action litigation matter on June 30, 2016. For
additional information on the valuation of the swap associated with the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B shares and the related litigation matters, refer to Note 16, Note 17 and Note 22 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   Noninterest Expense      Noninterest
expense increased $30 million and $128 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to increases in personnel costs (salaries, wages and incentives plus
employee benefits), technology and communications expense and other noninterest expense partially offset by a decrease in card and processing expense.  
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense:  
  TABLE 14: Components of Noninterest Expense   

(a)  
    This is a non-GAAP measure. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of
MD A.        Personnel costs increased $19 million and $85 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods was driven by increased base compensation, primarily due to personnel additions in risk and compliance and information technology, and increased
variable compensation. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was also driven by higher retirement and severance costs related to the Bancorp s voluntary early retirement program. Full-time equivalent employees totaled
18,072 at September 30, 2016 compared to 18,311 at September 30, 2015.    Technology and communications expense increased $6 million and
$13 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year driven by increased investment in information technology associated with regulatory and compliance initiatives, system
maintenance and other growth initiatives.    Card and processing expense decreased $10 million and $13 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the impact of renegotiated service contracts.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table presents the components of other noninterest expense:  
  TABLE 15: Components of Other Noninterest Expense   
   Other noninterest expense increased $21 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same period in the prior year primarily due to increases in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments, impairment on affordable housing investments and FDIC insurance and other taxes. The provision for the reserve for unfunded
commitments increased $9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in estimated loss rates related to unfunded commitments. Impairment on affordable housing
investments increased $5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to incremental losses resulting from previous growth in the portfolio. FDIC insurance and other taxes
increased $5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to the implementation of the FDIC surcharge in the third quarter of 2016. For further information on the FDIC
surcharge, refer to the Legislative and Regulatory Developments subsection of the Overview section of MD A.    Other noninterest
expense increased $58 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to increases in the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments, FDIC insurance and other taxes, impairment
on affordable housing investments, losses and adjustments and operating lease expense partially offset by a decrease in loan and lease expense. The provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments increased $24 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in estimated loss rates related to unfunded commitments. FDIC insurance and other taxes increased $23 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the implementation of the FDIC surcharge in the third quarter of 2016 as well as an increase in the FDIC insurance assessment base and a favorable settlement of a tax liability related
to prior years during the first quarter of 2015. Impairment on affordable housing investments increased $16 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to incremental losses
resulting from previous growth in the portfolio. Losses and adjustments increased $13 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the impact of favorable legal settlements for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Additionally, operating lease expense increased $10 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease in loan and lease expense of $9 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year included lower loan closing and appraisal costs driven by a decline in automobile loan originations.  
 The Bancorp continues to focus on efficiency initiatives as part of its core emphasis on operating leverage and expense control. The
efficiency ratio was 55.5% and 61.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 58.2% and 61.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure.
For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD A.      Applicable Income Taxes    
 The following table presents the Bancorp s income before income taxes, applicable income tax expense and effective tax rate:  
     TABLE 16: Applicable Income Taxes   
   Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the benefit from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged
investments and tax credits, partially offset by the effect of certain nondeductible expenses. The tax credits are associated with the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program established under Section 42 of the IRC, the New Markets Tax Credit program
established under Section 45D of the IRC the Rehabilitation Investment Tax Credit program established under Section 47 of the IRC, and the Qualified Zone Academy Bond program established under Section 1397E of the IRC.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in the prior year was primarily related to gains on sales of certain leveraged leases that are exempt from federal taxation partially offset by Vantiv, Inc. related gains.  
 The Bancorp establishes a deferred tax asset for stock-based awards granted to its employees and directors. When the actual tax deduction for
these stock-based awards is less than the expense previously recognized for financial reporting and where the Bancorp has not accumulated an excess tax benefit for previously exercised or released stock-based awards, the Bancorp is required to
recognize a non-cash charge to income tax expense upon the write-off of the deferred tax asset previously established for these stock-based awards. Based on the Bancorp s stock price at September 30, 2016, the Bancorp believes it will recognize
a $7 million non-cash charge to income tax expense over the next twelve months related to stock-based awards, primarily in the second quarter of 2017. However, the Bancorp cannot predict its stock price or whether its employees will exercise other
stock-based awards with lower exercise prices in the future. Therefore, it is possible the Bancorp may recognize a non-cash charge to income tax expense greater than or less than $7 million over the next twelve months.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS   
   Loans and Leases      The Bancorp
classifies its commercial loans and leases based upon primary purpose and consumer loans and leases based upon product or collateral. Table 17 summarizes end of period loans and leases, including loans held for sale and Table 18 summarizes average
total loans and leases, including loans held for sale.     TABLE 17: Components of Loans and Leases (including loans held for sale)   
   Loans and leases, including loans held for sale, increased $726 million, or 1%, from December 31, 2015. The
increase from December 31, 2015 was the result of a $1.4 billion, or 2%, increase in commercial loans and leases, partially offset by a $653 million, or 2%, decrease in consumer loans and leases.  
 Commercial loans and leases increased from December 31, 2015 primarily due to increases in commercial construction loans, commercial and
industrial loans and commercial leases, partially offset by a decrease in commercial mortgage loans. Commercial construction loans increased $691 million, or 21%, from December 31, 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in new loan origination
activity resulting from an increase in demand and targeted marketing efforts. Commercial and industrial loans increased $678 million, or 2%, from December 31, 2015 primarily as a result of increases in new loan origination activity and line
utilization. Commercial leases increased $141 million, or 4%, from December 31, 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in syndication and participation origination activity. Commercial mortgage loans decreased $131 million, or 2%, from December
31, 2015 primarily due to a decline in new loan origination activity driven by increased competition and an increase in paydowns.  
 Consumer loans and leases decreased from December 31, 2015 primarily due to decreases in automobile loans, home equity and credit card,
partially offset by an increase in residential mortgage loans. Automobile loans decreased $1.1 billion, or 10%, from December 31, 2015 and home equity decreased $472 million, or 6%, from December 31, 2015 as payoffs exceeded new loan
production. Credit card decreased $191 million, or 8%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016 and seasonal trends from the paydown of year-end balances which were
higher due to holiday spending. Residential mortgage loans increased $1.2 billion, or 8%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the continued retention of certain conforming ARMs and certain other fixed-rate loans originated during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016.     TABLE 18: Components of Average Loans and Leases (including loans held for sale)   
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Average loans and leases, including loans held for sale, increased $88 million from
September 30, 2015 as a result of an $814 million, or 1%, increase in average commercial loans and leases, partially offset by a $726 million, or 2%, decrease in average consumer loans and leases.  
 Average commercial loans and leases increased from September 30, 2015 primarily due to increases in average commercial construction loans and
average commercial leases, partially offset by a decrease in average commercial mortgage loans. Average commercial construction loans increased $882 million, or 30%, from September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in new loan
origination activity resulting from an increase in demand and targeted marketing efforts. Average commercial leases increased $116 million, or 3%, from September 30, 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in syndication and participation
origination activity. Average commercial mortgage loans decreased $147 million, or 2%, from September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decline in new loan origination activity driven by increased competition and an increase in paydowns.  
 Average consumer loans and leases decreased from September 30, 2015 primarily due to decreases in average automobile loans, average home
equity and average credit card, partially offset by an increase in average residential mortgage loans. Average automobile loans decreased $1.4 billion, or 12%, from September 30, 2015 and average home equity decreased $603 million, or 7%, from
September 30, 2015 as payoffs exceeded new loan production. Average credit card decreased $112 million, or 5%, primarily due to the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016. Average residential mortgage loans
increased $1.4 billion, or 10%, from September 30, 2015 primarily driven by the continued retention of certain conforming ARMs and certain other fixed-rate loans.  
   Investment Securities      The
Bancorp uses investment securities as a means of managing interest rate risk, providing liquidity support and providing collateral for pledging purposes. Total investment securities were $31.2 billion and $29.5 billion at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The taxable investment securities portfolio had an effective duration of 4.0 years at September 30, 2016 compared to 5.1 years at December 31, 2015.  
 Securities are classified as trading when bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Securities are
classified as available-for-sale when, in management s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. Securities that management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as
held-to-maturity and reported at amortized cost. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp s investment portfolio consisted primarily of AAA-rated available-for-sale securities. Securities classified as below investment grade were immaterial at both
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Bancorp s management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios for OTTI.  
 The following table provides a summary of OTTI by security type:  
  TABLE 19: Components of OTTI by Security Type   

(a)  
    Included in securities gains, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.
     
      23  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table summarizes the end of period components of investment securities:  
  TABLE 20: Components of Investment Securities  

(a)  
    Includes interest-only mortgage-backed securities of    $33    and $50 as of
   September 30, 2016    and December 31, 2015, respectively, recorded at fair value with fair value changes recorded in securities gains, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      
   On an amortized
cost basis, available-for-sale and other securities increased $808 million, or 3%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to increases in asset-backed securities and other debt securities and agency commercial mortgage-backed securities partially
offset by a decrease in U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities.    On an amortized cost basis, available-for-sale and other
securities were 23% of total interest-earning assets at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The estimated weighted-average life of the debt securities in the available-for-sale and other securities portfolio was 5.6 years at September 30,
2016 compared to 6.4 years at December 31, 2015. In addition, at September 30, 2016, the available-for-sale and other securities portfolio had a weighted-average yield of 3.35%, compared to 3.19% at December 31, 2015.  
 Information presented in Table 21 is on a weighted-average life basis, anticipating future prepayments. Yield information is presented on an
FTE basis and is computed using amortized cost balances. Maturity and yield calculations for the total available-for-sale and other securities portfolio exclude equity securities that have no stated yield or maturity. Total net unrealized gains on
the available-for-sale and other securities portfolio were $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016 compared to $366 million at December 31, 2015. The increase from December 31, 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in interest rates during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of investment securities is impacted by interest rates, credit spreads, market volatility and liquidity conditions. The fair value of investment securities generally increases when interest rates
decrease or when credit spreads contract.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
   TABLE 21: Characteristics of Available-for-Sale and Other Securities   

(a)  
    Taxable-equivalent yield adjustments included in the above table are 0.00%, 2.14% and 1.49% for securities
with an average life of 1 year or less, 5-10 years and in total, respectively.          Deposits    
 The Bancorp s deposit balances represent an important source of funding and revenue growth opportunity. The Bancorp continues to focus on
core deposit growth in its retail and commercial franchises by improving customer satisfaction, building full relationships and offering competitive rates. Core deposits represented 69% and 71% of the Bancorp s asset funding base at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.     TABLE 22: Components of Deposits   
 
   Core deposits decreased $2.1 billion, or 2%, from December
31, 2015 driven primarily by a decrease of $2.0 billion, or 2%, in transaction deposits. The decrease from December 31, 2015 included the sale of $511 million of deposits as part of the branches sold in the St. Louis MSA and Pittsburgh MSA during
2016. Transaction deposits decreased from December 31, 2015 primarily due to decreases in interest checking deposits, demand deposits and savings deposits, partially offset by an increase in money market deposits. Interest checking deposits
decreased $2.3 billion, or 9%, from December 31, 2015 driven primarily by lower balances per account for commercial customers. Demand deposits decreased $642 million, or 2%, from December 31, 2015 driven primarily by consumer customer seasonality.
Money market deposits increased $1.4 billion, or 8%, from December 31, 2015 driven primarily by a promotional product offering during 2016 which drove balance migration from savings deposits, which decreased $582 million, or 4%, compared to December
31, 2015. Money market deposits also increased due to higher balances for existing customers. Certificates $100,000 and over increased $153 million, or 6%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the issuance of institutional certificates of
deposit during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table presents the components of average deposits for the three months ended:
    TABLE 23: Components of Average Deposits   
 
   On an average basis, core deposits
increased $158 million from September 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase of $195 million in average transaction deposits. The increase in average transaction deposits was driven by increases in average money market deposits and average demand
deposits, partially offset by decreases in average interest checking deposits, average savings deposits and average foreign office deposits. Average money market deposits and average demand deposits increased $1.5 billion, or 8%, and $687 million,
or 2%, respectively, from September 30, 2015 due to the acquisition of new commercial customers and higher average customer balances per commercial customer account. Average money market deposits also increased due to a promotional product offering
which drove balance migration from savings deposits, which decreased $636 million, or 4%, compared to September 30, 2015. Average interest checking deposits and average foreign office deposits decreased $1.1 billion, or 4%, and $194 million, or 27%,
respectively, from September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in average commercial customer balances per account. Average other deposits increased $527 million from September 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase in Eurodollar trade deposits.
Average certificates $100,000 and over decreased $156 million, or 5%, from September 30, 2015 primarily due to the maturity and run-off of institutional certificates of deposit since September 30, 2015.  
  Contractual maturities     The contractual
maturities of certificates $100,000 and over as of September 30, 2016 are summarized in the following table:     TABLE 24: Contractual Maturities of
Certificates $100,000 and Over   
   The contractual maturities of other time deposits and certificates $100,000 and over as of September 30, 2016
are summarized in the following table:     TABLE 25: Contractual Maturities of Other Time Deposits and Certificates $100,000 and Over   
     Borrowings    
 The Bancorp accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources. Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are
classified as short-term and include federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. Table 26 summarizes the end of period components of total borrowings. As of September 30, 2016, total borrowings as a percent of interest-bearing
liabilities were 24% compared to 21% at December 31, 2015.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
   TABLE 26: Components of Borrowings   

(a)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $34 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      
 Total borrowings increased $3.0 billion, or 17%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to increases in other short-term borrowings and
long-term debt. Other short-term borrowings increased $2.0 billion from December 31, 2015 primarily driven by an increase of $2.0 billion in FHLB short-term borrowings. The level of other short-term borrowings can fluctuate significantly from period
to period depending on funding needs and which sources are used to satisfy those needs. For further information on the components of other short-term borrowings, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Long-term
debt increased $1.1 billion from December 31, 2015 primarily driven by issuances during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $2.8 billion of unsecured senior fixed-rate bank notes, $250 million of unsecured senior floating-rate bank notes and
$750 million of unsecured subordinated fixed-rate bank notes, partially offset by the maturity of $1.7 billion of unsecured senior bank notes and $1.1 billion of paydowns on long-term debt associated with automobile loan securitizations. For
additional information regarding automobile securitizations and long-term debt, refer to Note 10 and Note 14, respectively, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The following table presents average borrowings for the three months ended:  
  TABLE 27: Components of Average Borrowings   

(a)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $33 of average debt issuance costs from average other assets to average long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
       Total average borrowings increased $180 million, or 1%, compared to September 30, 2015, primarily due to an
increase in average long-term debt partially offset by a decrease in average federal funds purchased. The increase in average long-term debt of $1.4 billion was primarily driven by the issuance of asset-backed securities by a consolidated VIE of
$750 million related to an automobile loan securitization in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the previously mentioned unsecured note issuances during 2016. The impact of these issuances was partially offset by the aforementioned maturity of unsecured
senior bank notes and paydowns on long-term debt associated with automobile loan securitizations since the third quarter of 2015. Average federal funds purchased decreased $1.5 billion compared to September 30, 2015. The level of average federal
funds purchased can fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on funding needs and which sources are used to satisfy those needs. Information on the average rates paid on borrowings is discussed in the Net Interest Income subsection of
the Statements of Income Analysis section of MD A. In addition, refer to the Liquidity Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A for a discussion on the role of borrowings in the Bancorp s liquidity management.
 
      27  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW   
 The Bancorp reports on four business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending and Wealth and Asset Management (formerly
Investment Advisors). Additional information on each business segment is included in Note 23 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Results of the Bancorp s business segments are presented based on its management structure
and management accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other
financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management s accounting practices or businesses change. In the second quarter of 2016, the Investment Advisors segment name was changed to Wealth and Asset
Management to better reflect the services provided by the business segment.    The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the
corporate level and employs an FTP methodology at the business segment level. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through loan and deposit products. The FTP
system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the U.S. swap curve. Matching duration allocates interest income and interest expense to each business segment so its
resulting net interest income is insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp s FTP system credits this
benefit to deposit-providing businesses, such as Branch Banking and Wealth and Asset Management, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other. 
 The Bancorp adjusts the FTP charge and credit rates as dictated by changes in interest rates for various interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities and by the review of the estimated durations for the indeterminate-lived deposits. The credit rate provided for demand deposit accounts is reviewed annually based upon the account type, its estimated duration and the
corresponding federal funds, U.S. swap curve or swap rate. The credit rates for several deposit products were reset January 1, 2016 to reflect the current market rates and updated market assumptions. These rates were generally higher than those in
place during 2015, thus net interest income for deposit-providing businesses was positively impacted during 2016. FTP charge rates on assets were affected by the prevailing level of interest rates and by the duration and repricing characteristics of
the portfolio. As overall market rates increased, the FTP charge increased for asset-generating businesses, thus negatively affecting net interest income during 2016. Credit rates for deposit products and charge rates for loan products may be reset
periodically in response to changes in market conditions.    During the first quarter of 2016, the Bancorp refined its methodology for
allocating provision expense to the business segments to include charges or benefits associated with changes in criticized commercial loan levels in addition to actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans and leases owned by each business
segment. The results of operations and financial position for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were adjusted to reflect this change. Provision expense attributable to loan and lease growth and changes in ALLL factors are
captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell
opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit.    The results of operations and financial
position for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were adjusted to reflect changes in internal expense allocation methodologies.  
 The following table summarizes net income by business segment:  
  TABLE 28: Net Income by Business Segment   
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Commercial Banking    
 Commercial Banking offers credit intermediation, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses and government
and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and depository offerings, Commercial Banking products and services include global cash management, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets
services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance.    The following table
contains selected financial data for the Commercial Banking segment:     TABLE 29: Commercial Banking   

(b)  
    Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the tax benefit from tax-exempt income,
tax-advantaged investments and tax credits, partially offset by the effect of certain nondeductible expenses. Refer to the Applicable Income Taxes section of MD A for additional information.      
 Net income was $279 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $121 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Net income was $715 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $492 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase for both the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was driven by an increase in net interest income and a decrease in the provision for loan and lease losses partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was also driven by an
increase in noninterest income.    Net interest income on an FTE basis increased $44 million and $164 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase in net interest income for both periods was primarily driven by an increase in FTP credit rates on core deposits and an increase in average
commercial loan and lease balances as well as an increase in their yields of 22 bps and 15 bps for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase in net interest income
for both periods was partially offset by an increase in FTP charge rates on loans and leases.    Provision for loan and lease losses
decreased $213 million and $152 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was primarily due to a $102 million charge-off during the
third quarter of 2015 associated with the restructuring of a student loan backed commercial credit originated in 2007 as well as a decrease in criticized commercial loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was partially offset by an increase in charge-offs of commercial and industrial loans, primarily in the energy portfolio related to oil field services loans. Net
charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 43 bps for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 101 bps for the same period in the prior year and decreased to 37 bps for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to 53 bps for the same period in the prior year.    Noninterest income was flat and increased $53 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by an increase in corporate banking revenue of $52 million driven
by increases in lease remarketing fees and syndication fees partially offset by decreases in foreign exchange fees and business lending fees. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in other noninterest income of $5 million primarily driven
by the recognition of $9 million of OTTI on certain private equity investments in the third quarter of 2016.    Noninterest expense
increased $15 million and $34 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily as a result of an increase in other noninterest expense. The increase in other
noninterest expense for both periods was primarily driven by increases in corporate overhead allocations and impairment on affordable housing investments. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by a decrease
in loan and lease expense.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Average commercial loans increased $974 million and $1.9 billion for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to increases in average commercial and industrial loans, average commercial construction loans and average commercial leases partially offset
by a decrease in average commercial mortgage loans. Average commercial and industrial loans increased $1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year and average commercial construction loans
increased $886 million and $987 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily as a result of an increase in new loan origination activity resulting from an
increase in demand and targeted marketing efforts. Average commercial leases increased $120 million and $136 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily as a
result of an increase in syndication and participation origination activity. Average commercial mortgage loans decreased $53 million and $195 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods
in the prior year primarily due to a decline in new loan origination activity driven by increased competition and an increase in paydowns.  
 Average core deposits decreased $1.0 billion and $626 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by decreases in average interest checking deposits, average foreign deposits and average savings and money market deposits which
decreased $712 million, $194 million and $183 million, respectively, compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by decreases in average interest checking deposits and
average foreign deposits which decreased $627 million and $343 million, respectively, compared to the same period in the prior year. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in average savings and money market deposits of $213 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.      Branch Banking    
 Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loan products to individuals and small businesses through 1,191 full-service banking
centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobiles and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to
meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services.    The following table contains selected financial data
for the Branch Banking segment:     TABLE 30: Branch Banking   
   Net income was $91 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $98
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was driven by a decrease in noninterest income partially offset by an increase in net interest income and decreases in the provision for loan and lease losses and noninterest
expense. Net income was $330 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $190 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase was driven by increases in net interest income and noninterest income as well as a
decrease in the provision for loan and lease losses, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense.    Net interest income
increased $19 million and $124 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods was primarily driven by an increase in FTP credit rates on
core deposits partially offset by a decrease in interest income on residential mortgage loans, home equity loans, credit card loans and other consumer loans driven by a decline in average balances. Additionally, net interest income for both periods
was negatively impacted by an increase in FTP charge rates on loans and leases.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Provision for loan and lease losses decreased $3 million and $12 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to improved credit trends. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases decreased to 93 bps and 90 bps for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 97 bps for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Noninterest income decreased $34 million and increased $98 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by decreases in other noninterest income, service charges on deposits and wealth and asset management revenue. Other
noninterest income decreased $28 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by impairment charges on bank premises and equipment of $28 million recognized during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2 million recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Service charges on deposits decreased $5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year primarily due to a decrease in consumer deposit fees driven by a decrease in consumer checking fees. Wealth and asset management revenue decreased $5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year primarily due to a decrease in transactional securities and brokerage fees driven by lower sales and trading volume. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to an increase in other noninterest income of $105
million primarily driven by impairment charges on bank premises and equipment of $31 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $104 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Additionally, the increase in other noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a gain of $19 million on the sale of certain branches in the St. Louis and Pittsburgh MSAs in the first and second quarters of 2016 as well
as a gain of $11 million on the sale of the agent bankcard loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016.    Noninterest expense
decreased $2 million and increased $16 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for the three months ended was driven by decreases in card and
processing expense and net occupancy and equipment expense partially offset by an increase in other noninterest expense. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by an increase in other noninterest expense
partially offset by decreases in card and processing expense and net occupancy and equipment expense. Card and processing expense decreased $9 million and $10 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the impact of renegotiated service contracts. Net occupancy and equipment expense decreased $4 million and $9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in rent expense driven by a reduction in the number of full-service banking centers and ATM locations. Other noninterest expense increased $11 million and $40 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily driven by an increase in corporate overhead allocations.  
 Average consumer loans decreased $841 million and $791 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was primarily driven by a decrease in average home equity loans of $477 million and $473 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year and a decrease in average residential mortgage loans of $273 million and $262 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year as payoffs
exceeded new loan production. Average commercial loans decreased $114 million and $98 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was
primarily driven by a decrease in average commercial mortgage loans of $83 million and $66 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year and a decrease in average
commercial and industrial loans of $25 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year as payoffs exceeded new loan production.  
 Average core deposits increased $2.1 billion and $1.5 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods was primarily driven by growth in average savings and money market deposits of $929 million and $335 million, respectively, growth in average interest checking deposits of $696
million and $501 million, respectively, and growth in average demand deposits of $529 million and $722 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the prior year. The growth in
average savings and money market deposits, average interest checking deposits and average demand deposits was driven by an increase in average balances per customer account and acquisition of new customers.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Consumer Lending    
 Consumer Lending includes the Bancorp s residential mortgage, home equity, automobile and other indirect lending activities. Lending
activities include the origination, retention and servicing of residential mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans, pools of loans or lines of credit and all associated hedging activities. Indirect
lending activities include extending loans to consumers through correspondent lenders and automobile dealers.    The following table
contains selected financial data for the Consumer Lending segment:     TABLE 31: Consumer Lending   
   Net income was $3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $13 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net income was $18 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $100 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease for both periods was primarily
driven by a decrease in noninterest income as well as an increase in noninterest expense.    Net interest income increased $1 million and
decreased $2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was
primarily driven by an increase in FTP credit rates on demand deposits. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily driven by an increase in FTP charge rates on loans and
leases partially offset by an increase in FTP credit rates on demand deposits. Net interest income for both periods was impacted by an increase in average residential mortgage loan balances partially offset by a decline in average automobile loan
balances.    Provision for loan and lease losses increased $1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in net charge-offs on automobile loans partially offset by a decline in net charge-offs on residential mortgage loans and home equity loans. The provision for loan and lease losses decreased $1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to a decline in net charge-offs on residential mortgage loans and home equity loans partially offset by an increase in net
charge-offs on automobile loans. Net charge-offs as a percent of average portfolio loans and leases increased to 23 bps for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 22 bps for the same period in the prior year and decreased to 21 bps
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 22 bps for the same period in the prior year.    Noninterest income decreased $5
million and $93 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by a decrease in mortgage banking net
revenue of $5 million from the same period in the prior year primarily driven by a $20 million decrease in net mortgage servicing revenue partially offset by an increase of $15 million in mortgage origination fees and gains on loan sales. The
decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by decreases in mortgage banking net revenue and other noninterest income. Mortgage banking net revenue decreased $54 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year primarily driven by a $76 million decrease in net mortgage servicing revenue partially offset by a $22 million increase in mortgage origination fees and gains on loan sales. Refer to the Noninterest Income
subsection of the Statements of Income Analysis of MD A for additional information on the fluctuations in mortgage banking net revenue. Other noninterest income decreased $39 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the same
period in the prior year primarily due to a $37 million gain on the sale of residential mortgage loans held for sale classified as TDRs in the first quarter of 2015.  
 Noninterest expense increased $10 million and $33 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year driven by increases in other noninterest expense and personnel costs. Other noninterest expense increased $9 million and $25 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year primarily driven by increases in operational losses and corporate overhead allocations. Personnel costs increased $1 million and $8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily driven by increases in base compensation and variable compensation.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Average consumer loans and leases decreased $81 million and increased $98 million for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. Average residential mortgage loans, including held for sale, increased $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily driven by the continued retention of certain conforming ARMs and certain other fixed-rate loans. Average automobile loans decreased $1.4 billion and $1.0
billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year as payoffs exceeded new loan production.  
   Wealth and Asset Management    
 Wealth and Asset Management provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit organizations.
Wealth and Asset Management is made up of four main businesses: FTS, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp; ClearArc Capital, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp; Fifth Third Private Bank; and Fifth Third
Institutional Services. FTS offers full-service retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker dealer services to the institutional marketplace. ClearArc Capital, Inc. provides asset management services. Fifth Third Private Bank offers
holistic strategies to affluent clients in wealth planning, investing, insurance and wealth protection. Fifth Third Institutional Services provides advisory services for institutional clients including states and municipalities.  
 The following table contains selected financial data for the Wealth and Asset Management segment:  
  TABLE 32: Wealth and Asset Management   
   Net income was $23 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $14
million for the same period in the prior year. Net income was $73 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $40 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increases for both periods were driven primarily by
increases in net interest income as well as decreases in noninterest expense partially offset by decreases in noninterest income.    Net
interest income increased $7 million and $36 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods was primarily due to an increase in FTP credit
rates on core deposits and an increase in interest income on loans and leases driven by an increase in average balances and higher yields on average commercial and industrial loans and average other consumer loans and leases. The increase in net
interest income for both periods was partially offset by an increase in FTP charge rates on loans and leases and the increase for the nine months ended was also partially offset by an increase in FTP charges due to an increase in average loan
balances.    Provision for loan and lease losses was flat and decreased $2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year.    Noninterest income decreased $3 million and $13 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was primarily due to a $2 million and $12 million decrease in wealth and asset management revenue for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, driven by a decrease of $4 million and $14 million in transactional securities and brokerage fees as a result of lower sales and trading volume. The decrease for both periods was partially offset
by a $2 million increase in private client service fees and institutional fees compared to the same periods in the prior year.  
 Noninterest expense decreased $9 million and $25 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to
the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for both periods was primarily driven by decreases in other noninterest expense of $8 million and $25 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same
periods in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in corporate overhead allocations partially offset by an increase in operational losses.  
 Average loans and leases increased $166 million and $377 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to increases in average residential mortgage loans and average other consumer loans driven by increases in new loan origination activity.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Average core deposits decreased $785 million and $1.0 billion for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to a decline in average interest checking balances partially offset by an increase in average savings and money market deposits.  
   General Corporate and Other    
 General Corporate and Other includes the unallocated portion of the investment securities portfolio, securities gains and losses, certain
non-core deposit funding, unassigned equity, unallocated provision expense or a benefit from the reduction of the ALLL, the payment of preferred stock dividends and certain support activities and other items not attributed to the business segments.
   Net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was a negative $66 million compared to negative $2 million for the
same period in the prior year. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a negative $239 million compared to net interest income of $3 million for the same period in the prior year. The decreases for both periods were
primarily driven by an increase in FTP credits on deposits allocated to business segments due to increases in FTP credit rates and average deposits as well as an increase in interest expense on long-term debt. The decreases in net interest income
were partially offset by an increase in interest income on taxable securities and an increase in the benefit related to the FTP charges on loans and leases. The provision for loan and lease losses for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was $52 million and $33 million, respectively, compared to a benefit of $87 million and $118 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, due to decreases in the allocation of provision expense to the business
segments.    Noninterest income increased $164 million and $116 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods included the impact of a $280 million gain recognized during the third quarter of 2016 from the termination and settlement of gross cash flows from existing
Vantiv, Inc. TRAs and the expected obligation to terminate and settle the remaining Vantiv, Inc. TRA cash flows upon the exercise of put or call options. Additionally, equity method earnings from the Bancorp s interest in Vantiv Holding, LLC
increased $4 million and $9 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in noninterest income was partially offset by negative valuation adjustments related to the Visa total return swap of $12
million and $61 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with $8 million and $27 million, respectively, for the same periods in the prior year. In addition, the negative valuation adjustment on the stock
warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC was $2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the positive valuation adjustment of $130 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The positive valuation
adjustments on the stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC were $64 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the positive valuation adjustments of $215 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
increase in noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included a gain of $11 million on the sale-leaseback of an office complex during the third quarter of 2016.  
 Noninterest expense was $35 million and $79 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $24
million and $23 million for the same periods in the prior year. The increase for both periods was primarily due to increases in personnel costs and the provision for the reserve for unfunded commitments partially offset by an increase in corporate
overhead allocations from General Corporate and Other to the other business segments.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     RISK MANAGEMENT   OVERVIEW   
 Managing risk is an essential component of successfully operating a financial services company. The Bancorp s risk management approach
includes processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting risks. The ERM division, led by the Bancorp s Chief Risk Officer, ensures the consistency and adequacy of the Bancorp s risk management approach within the
structure of the Bancorp s operating model. Management within the lines of business and support functions assess and manage risks associated with their activities and determine if actions need to be taken to strengthen risk management or reduce
risk given their risk profile. They are responsible for considering risk when making business decisions and for integrating risk management into business processes. In addition, the Internal Audit division provides an independent assessment of the
Bancorp s internal control structure and related systems and processes.    The assumption of risk requires robust and active risk
management practices that comprise an integrated and comprehensive set of activities, measures and strategies that apply to the entire organization. The Bancorp has established a Risk Appetite Framework, approved by the Board, that provides the
foundations of corporate risk capacity, risk appetite and risk tolerances. The Bancorp s risk capacity is represented by its available financial resources. Risk capacity sets an absolute limit on risk-assumption in the Bancorp s annual and
strategic plans. The Bancorp understands that not all financial resources may persist as viable loss buffers over time. Further, consideration must be given to regulatory capital buffers required per Capital Policy Targets that would reduce risk
capacity. Those factors take the form of capacity adjustments to arrive at an Operating Risk Capacity which represents the operating risk level the Bancorp can assume while maintaining its solvency standard. The Bancorp s policy currently
discounts its Operating Risk Capacity by a minimum of 5% to provide a buffer; as a result, the Bancorp s risk appetite is limited by policy to, at most, 95% of its Operating Risk Capacity.  
 Economic capital is the amount of unencumbered financial resources required to support the Bancorp s risks. The Bancorp measures
economic capital under the assumption that it expects to maintain debt ratings at strong investment grade levels over time. The Bancorp s capital policies require that the Operating Risk Capacity less the aforementioned buffer exceed the
calculated economic capital required in its business.    Risk appetite is the aggregate amount of risk the Bancorp is willing to accept in
pursuit of its strategic and financial objectives. By establishing boundaries around risk taking and business decisions, and by incorporating the needs and goals of its shareholders, regulators, rating agencies and customers, the Bancorp s risk
appetite is aligned with its priorities and goals. Risk tolerance is the maximum amount of risk applicable to each of the eight specific risk categories included in its Enterprise Risk Management Framework. This is expressed primarily in qualitative
terms; however certain risk types also have quantitative metrics that are used to measure the Bancorp s level of risk against its risk tolerances. The Bancorp s risk appetite and risk tolerances are supported by risk targets and risk
limits. Those limits are used to monitor the amount of risk assumed at a granular level. On a quarterly basis, the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board reviews current assessments of each of the eight risk types relative to the established
tolerance. Information supporting these assessments, including policy limits, key risk indicators and qualitative factors, is also reported to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board. Any results outside of tolerance require the development
of an action plan that describes actions to be taken to return the measure to within the tolerance.    The risks faced by the Bancorp
include, but are not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, regulatory compliance, legal, reputational and strategic. Each of these risks is managed through the Bancorp s risk program which includes the following key functions:

ERM is responsible for developing and overseeing the implementation of risk programs and reporting that
facilitate a broad integrated view of risk. The department also leads the continual fostering of a strong risk management culture and the framework, policies and committees that support effective risk governance;     

Credit Risk Management is responsible for overseeing the safety and soundness of the commercial and consumer
loan portfolio within an independent portfolio management framework that supports the Bancorp s loan growth strategies and underwriting practices, ensuring portfolio optimization and appropriate risk controls. Credit Risk Management is also
responsible for the economic capital program and quantitative analytics to support the commercial portfolio and risk rating models, ALLL methodology and analytics needed to assess credit risk and develop mitigation strategies related to that risk.
The department also provides oversight, reporting and monitoring of commercial and consumer underwriting and credit administration processes;     

Operational Risk Management works with lines of business and regional management to maintain processes to
monitor and manage all aspects of operational risk, including vendors and information security to ensure consistency in application of operational risk programs;     

Bank Protection oversees and manages fraud prevention and detection and provides investigative and recovery
services for the Bancorp;     

Capital Markets Risk Management is responsible for instituting, monitoring, and reporting appropriate trading
limits within the Capital Markets groups and monitoring liquidity, interest rate risk and risk tolerances resulting from management of Fifth Third s overall balance sheet;     

Compliance Risk Management provides independent oversight to ensure that an enterprise-wide framework,
including processes and procedures, are in place to comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules and other regulatory requirements; internal policies and procedures; and principles of integrity and fair dealing applicable to the Bancorp s
activities and functions. The Bancorp focuses on managing regulatory compliance risk in accordance with the Bancorp s integrated risk management framework, which ensures consistent processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and
reporting risks; and     

The ERM division creates and maintains other functions, committees or processes as are necessary to
effectively oversee risk management throughout the Bancorp.       Risk management oversight and governance is provided by the
Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and through multiple management committees whose membership includes a broad cross-section of line-of-business, regional market and support representatives. The Risk and Compliance Committee of
the Board of Directors consists of five outside directors and has the responsibility for the oversight of risk management for the Bancorp, as well as for the Bancorp s overall aggregate risk profile. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the
Board of Directors has approved the formation of key management governance committees that are responsible for evaluating risks and controls.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

The primary committee responsible for the oversight of risk management is the ERMC. Committees accountable to the ERMC, which support the core risk programs, are the Corporate Credit Committee,
the Operational Risk Committee, the Management Compliance Committee, the Asset/Liability Committee and the Enterprise Marketing Committee. Other committees accountable to the ERMC oversee the ALLL, capital, model risk and regulatory change
management functions. There is also a risk assessment process applicable to every line of business to ensure an appropriate standard readiness assessment is performed before launching a new or changing product or initiative. Significant risk
policies approved by the management governance committees are also reviewed and approved by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors.  
 Credit Risk Review is an independent function responsible for evaluating the sufficiency of underwriting, documentation and approval
processes for consumer and commercial credits, the accuracy of risk grades assigned to commercial credit exposure, nonaccrual status, specific reserves and monitoring for charge-offs. Credit Risk Review reports directly to the Risk and Compliance
Committee of the Board of Directors and administratively to the Chief Auditor.       CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT   
 The objective of the Bancorp s credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio basis, as
well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its financial or contractual obligations to the Bancorp. The Bancorp s credit risk management strategy is based on three core principles:
conservatism, diversification and monitoring. The Bancorp believes that effective credit risk management begins with conservative lending practices. These practices include conservative exposure and counterparty limits and conservative underwriting,
documentation and collection standards. The Bancorp s credit risk management strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level as well as ongoing portfolio monitoring and timely management reviews of large
credit exposures and credits experiencing deterioration of credit quality. Credit officers with the authority to extend credit are delegated specific authority amounts, the utilization of which is closely monitored. Underwriting activities are
centrally managed, and ERM manages the policy and the authority delegation process directly. The Credit Risk Review function provides independent and objective assessments of the quality of underwriting and documentation, the accuracy of risk grades
and the charge-off, nonaccrual and reserve analysis process. The Bancorp s credit review process and overall assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is based on quarterly assessments of the probable estimated losses
inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp uses these assessments to promptly identify potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio, maintain an adequate reserve and take any necessary charge-offs. The Bancorp defines potential
problem loans and leases as those rated substandard that do not meet the definition of a nonaccrual loan or a restructured loan. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the
Bancorp s credit grade categories, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions.    The following tables provide a
summary of potential problem portfolio loans and leases:      
   In addition to the individual review of larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit
weaknesses, the commercial credit review process includes the use of two risk grading systems. The risk grading system currently utilized for reserve analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also maintains a dual risk rating system
for credit approval and pricing, portfolio monitoring and capital allocation that includes a  through-the-cycle  rating philosophy for assessing a borrower s creditworthiness. The dual risk rating system includes thirteen
probabilities of default grade categories and an additional six grade categories for estimating losses given an event of default. The probability of default and loss given default evaluations are not separated in the ten-category risk rating system.
The Bancorp has completed significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system as a commercial credit risk management tool. The Bancorp is assessing the necessary modifications to the dual risk rating system outputs to develop a U.S.
GAAP compliant ALLL model and will evaluate the use of modified dual risk ratings for purposes of determining the Bancorp s ALLL as part of the Bancorp s adoption of ASU 2016-13   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments ,  which will be effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2020. Scoring systems, various analytical tools and portfolio performance monitoring are used to assess the credit risk in the Bancorp s homogenous consumer and small
business loan portfolios.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Economic Overview    
 Economic growth continues to improve, and GDP is expected to maintain its modest expansionary pattern. The U.S. job market and wages are
slowly but steadily improving. Household spending continues to be the strongest driver of the U.S. economy. Tepid business investment and lackluster global economic growth continue to be the weights keeping economic growth in check. Inflation
continues to run below the FRB s stated objective, but has increased over the past several months. Energy prices and the dollar have stabilized and are moving in a pattern that may continue the improvement in inflation and manufacturing.
Housing prices have largely stabilized and are increasing in many markets. However, overall current economic and competitive conditions are causing weaker than desired qualified loan growth that combined with a weakness in global economic conditions
and a relatively low interest rate environment, may directly or indirectly impact the Bancorp s growth and profitability. In the U.S., loan growth has continued to slow. Economic weakness in developed economies continues, growth has slowed in
China and other developing economies and the British vote to exit the European Union has created market volatility and additional economic uncertainty. The FRB noted asymmetric risks to the downside in their latest assessment of the risks to their
economic outlook. With regard to commercial real estate, the credit market has become somewhat more selective even though market data and vacancies remain positive.  
   Commercial Portfolio      The
Bancorp s credit risk management strategy seeks to minimize concentrations of risk through diversification. The Bancorp has commercial loan concentration limits based on industry, lines of business within the commercial segment, geography and
credit product type. The risk within the commercial loan and lease portfolio is managed and monitored through an underwriting process utilizing detailed origination policies, continuous loan level reviews, monitoring of industry concentration and
product type limits and continuous portfolio risk management reporting.    The Bancorp provides loans to a variety of customers ranging
from large multi-national firms to middle market businesses, sole proprietors and high net worth individuals. The origination policies for commercial and industrial loans outline the risks and underwriting requirements for loans to businesses in
various industries. Included in the policies are maturity and amortization terms, collateral and leverage requirements, cash flow coverage measures and hold limits. The Bancorp aligns credit and sales teams with specific industry expertise to better
monitor and manage different industry segments of the portfolio.    The origination policies for commercial real estate outline the risks
and underwriting requirements for owner and nonowner-occupied and construction lending. Included in the policies are maturity and amortization terms, maximum LTVs, minimum debt service coverage ratios, construction loan monitoring procedures,
appraisal requirements, pre-leasing requirements (as applicable), sensitivity and pro-forma analysis requirements and interest rate sensitivity. The Bancorp requires a valuation of real estate collateral, which may include third-party appraisals, be
performed at the time of origination and renewal in accordance with regulatory requirements and on an as needed basis when market conditions justify. Although the Bancorp does not back test these collateral value assumptions, the Bancorp maintains
an appraisal review department to order and review third-party appraisals in accordance with regulatory requirements. Collateral values on criticized assets with relationships exceeding $1 million are reviewed quarterly to assess the appropriateness
of the value ascribed in the assessment of charge-offs and specific reserves.    The Bancorp assesses all real estate and non-real estate
collateral securing a loan and considers all cross-collateralized loans in the calculation of the LTV ratio. The following tables provide detail on the most recent LTV ratios for commercial mortgage loans greater than $1 million, excluding impaired
commercial mortgage loans individually evaluated. The Bancorp does not typically aggregate the LTV ratios for commercial mortgage loans less than $1 million.      
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table provides detail on commercial loans and leases by industry
classification (as defined by the North American Industry Classification System), by loan size and by state, illustrating the diversity and granularity of the Bancorp s commercial loans and leases as of:  

(a)  
    Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases at    September 30, 2016    were adjusted by
   $15    to reflect the identification of certain commercial and industrial loans as nonaccrual after the Bancorp s Form 8-K was filed on October 20, 2016.      
 The Bancorp s non-power producing energy and nonowner-occupied commercial real estate portfolios have been identified by the Bancorp as
loans which it believes represent a higher level of risk compared to the rest of the Bancorp s commercial loan portfolio, due to economic or market conditions within the Bancorp s key lending areas.  
 Due to the sensitivity of the non-power producing energy portfolio to downward movements in oil prices, the Bancorp saw a migration into
criticized classifications during 2015 through the second quarter of 2016. However, in the third quarter of 2016, this portfolio has stabilized with some signs of minor improvement. The reserve-based energy loans that the Bancorp holds are senior
secured loans with a borrowing base that is re-determined on a semi-annual basis.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following tables provide an analysis of the non-power producing energy loan portfolio:

(a)  
    Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases at    September 30, 2016    were adjusted by
   $15    to reflect the identification of certain commercial and industrial loans as nonaccrual after the Bancorp s Form 8-K was filed on October 20, 2016.      
   
   The following tables provide an analysis of nonowner-occupied commercial real estate loans (excluding loans
held for sale):      

(a)  
    Included in commercial mortgage loans and commercial construction loans in the Loans and Leases subsection
of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD A.      
      39  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Consumer Portfolio    
 Consumer credit risk management utilizes a framework that encompasses consistent processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring,
and reporting credit risk. These processes are supported by a credit risk governance structure that includes Board oversight, policies, risk limits, and risk committees. 
 The Bancorp s consumer portfolio is materially comprised of four categories of loans: residential mortgage loans, home equity loans,
automobile loans and credit card. The Bancorp has identified certain categories within these four categories of loans which it believes represent a higher level of risk compared to the rest of the consumer loan portfolio due to high loan amount to
collateral value. The Bancorp does not update LTV ratios for the consumer portfolio subsequent to origination except as part of the charge-off process for real estate secured loans. Among consumer portfolios, legacy underwritten residential mortgage
and brokered home equity portfolios exhibited the most stress during the credit crisis. As of September 30, 2016, consumer real estate loans, consisting of residential mortgage loans and home equity loans, originated from 2005 through 2008 represent
approximately 18% of the consumer real estate portfolio. These loans accounted for 55% and 53% of total consumer real estate secured losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Current loss rates in the residential
mortgage and home equity portfolios are below pre-crisis levels. In addition to the consumer real estate portfolio, credit risk management continues to closely monitor the automobile portfolio performance. Increased competition in the marketplace
has led to industry-wide loosening of underwriting guidelines. Fifth Third actively manages the automobile portfolio through concentration limits, which mitigates credit risk through limiting the exposure to lower FICO scores, higher advance rates
and extended term originations.    Residential mortgage portfolio   
 The Bancorp manages credit risk in the residential mortgage portfolio through conservative underwriting and documentation standards and
geographic and product diversification. The Bancorp may also package and sell loans in the portfolio.    The Bancorp does not originate
mortgage loans that permit customers to defer principal payments or make payments that are less than the accruing interest. The Bancorp originates both fixed-rate and ARM loans. Resets of rates on ARMs are not expected to have a material impact on
credit costs in the current interest rate environment, as approximately $805 million of ARM loans will have rate resets during the next twelve months. Of these resets, 89% are expected to experience an increase in rate, with an average increase of
approximately one third of a percent.    Certain residential mortgage products have contractual features that may increase credit exposure
to the Bancorp in the event of a decline in housing values. These types of mortgage products offered by the Bancorp include loans with high LTV ratios, multiple loans on the same collateral that when combined result in a LTV greater than 80% and
interest-only loans. The Bancorp has deemed residential mortgage loans with greater than 80% LTV ratios and no mortgage insurance as loans that represent a higher level of risk.  
 Portfolio residential mortgage loans from 2010 and later vintages represented 87% of the portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and had a
weighted-average LTV of 72% and a weighted-average origination FICO of 759.    The following table provides an analysis of the residential
mortgage portfolio loans outstanding by LTV at origination as of:      
   The following tables provide an analysis of the residential mortgage portfolio loans outstanding with a
greater than 80% LTV ratio and no mortgage insurance:      
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

Home equity portfolio   
 The Bancorp s home equity portfolio is primarily comprised of home equity lines of credit. Beginning in the first quarter of 2013, the
Bancorp s newly originated home equity lines of credit have a 10-year interest-only draw period followed by a 20-year amortization period. The home equity line of credit previously offered by the Bancorp was a revolving facility with a 20-year
term, minimum payments of interest-only and a balloon payment of principal at maturity. Peak maturity years for the balloon home equity lines of credit are 2025 to 2028 and approximately 25% of the balances mature before 2025.  
 The aging of 2008 and prior vintages of home equity loans has contributed to declining losses over the past twelve months. These vintages
represented 69% of the balances at September 30, 2016 and 93% and 95% of the losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 74% of the balances at September 30, 2015 and 97% and 96% of the losses
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    The ALLL provides coverage for probable and estimable losses in
the home equity portfolio. The allowance attributable to the portion of the home equity portfolio that has not been restructured in a TDR is calculated on a pooled basis with senior lien and junior lien categories segmented in the determination of
the probable credit losses in the home equity portfolio. The modeled loss factor for the home equity portfolio is based on the trailing twelve month historical loss rate for each category, as adjusted for certain prescriptive loss rate factors and
certain qualitative adjustment factors to reflect risks associated with current conditions and trends. The prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV trends and refreshed FICO score trends. The qualitative factors
include adjustments for changes in policies or procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values
and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp considers home price index trends when determining the collateral value qualitative factor.  
 The home equity portfolio is managed in two primary groups: loans outstanding with a combined LTV greater than 80% and those loans with a LTV
80% or less based upon appraisals at origination. The carrying value of the greater than 80% LTV home equity loans and 80% or less LTV home equity loans were $2.4 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. Of the total $7.9
billion of outstanding home equity loans:  

86% reside within the Bancorp s Midwest footprint of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois as
of September 30, 2016;     

Over 80% of non-delinquent borrowers made at least one payment greater than the minimum payment during the
three months ended September 30, 2016; and     
 
 The Bancorp actively manages lines of credit and makes reductions in lending limits when it believes it is necessary based on FICO score
deterioration and property devaluation. The Bancorp does not routinely obtain appraisals on performing loans to update LTV ratios after origination. However, the Bancorp monitors the local housing markets by reviewing various home price indices and
incorporates the impact of the changing market conditions in its ongoing credit monitoring processes. For junior lien home equity loans which become 60 days or more past due, the Bancorp tracks the performance of the senior lien loans in which the
Bancorp is the servicer and utilizes consumer credit bureau attributes to monitor the status of the senior lien loans that the Bancorp does not service. If the senior lien loan is found to be 120 days or more past due, the junior lien home equity
loan is placed on nonaccrual status unless both loans are well-secured and in the process of collection. Additionally, if the junior lien home equity loan becomes 120 days or more past due and the senior lien loan is also 120 days or more past due,
the junior lien home equity loan is assessed for charge-off. Refer to the Analysis of Nonperforming Assets subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A for more information.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table provides an analysis of home equity portfolio loans outstanding
disaggregated based upon refreshed FICO score as of:      
   The Bancorp believes that home equity portfolio loans with a greater than 80% combined LTV ratio present a
higher level of risk. The following table provides an analysis of the home equity portfolio loans outstanding in a senior and junior lien position by LTV at origination as of:  
   
   The following tables provide an analysis of home equity portfolio loans by state with a combined LTV greater
than 80%:      

42  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
   Automobile portfolio   
 The Bancorp s automobile portfolio balances have declined since December 31, 2015 through targeting more profitable risk-adjusted
returns. As a result, the concentration of lower FICO ( 690) origination balances have increased with overall credit quality remaining within targeted credit risk tolerance. All concentration and guideline changes are monitored monthly to ensure
alignment with original credit performance and return projections.    The following table provides an analysis of automobile portfolio
loans outstanding disaggregated based upon FICO score as of:      
   The automobile portfolio is characterized by direct and indirect lending products to consumers. As of
September 30, 2016, 48% of the automobile loan portfolio is comprised of loans collateralized by new automobiles. It is a common industry practice to advance on automobile loans an amount in excess of the automobile value due to the inclusion of
taxes, title and other fees paid at closing. The Bancorp monitors its exposure to these higher risk loans.    The following table provides
an analysis of automobile portfolio loans outstanding by LTV at origination as of:      
   The following table provides an analysis of the Bancorp s automobile portfolio loans with a LTV at
origination greater than 100%:      
    Credit card portfolio   
 The credit card portfolio consists of predominately prime accounts with 97% of loan balances existing within the Bancorp s footprint as
of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 78% and 80%, respectively, of the outstanding balances were originated through branch based relationships with the remainder coming from direct mail
campaigns and online acquisitions.    The following table provides an analysis of credit card portfolio loans outstanding disaggregated
based upon FICO score as of:      
     HAMP and HARP Programs    
 For residential mortgage loans serviced for FHLMC and FNMA, the Bancorp participates in the HAMP and HARP programs. For loans refinanced under
the HARP program, the Bancorp strictly adheres to the underwriting requirements of the program. Loan restructuring under the HAMP program is performed on behalf of FHLMC or FNMA and the Bancorp does not take possession of these loans during the
modification process. Therefore, participation in these programs does not significantly impact the Bancorp s credit quality statistics and these loans are not included in the Bancorp s TDRs as they are not assets of the Bancorp. In the
event there is a representation and warranty violation on loans sold through the programs, the Bancorp may be required to repurchase the sold loans. As of September 30, 2016, repurchased loans restructured or refinanced under these programs were
immaterial to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, $25 million and $14 million, respectively, of loans refinanced under HARP were included in loans held for sale in the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Bancorp recognized $2 million and $5 million, respectively, of noninterest income in mortgage banking net revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income related to the sale of loans restructured or refinanced under the HAMP and HARP programs compared to $1 million and $5 million for the same periods in the prior year.  
   European Exposure      The Bancorp
has no direct sovereign exposure to any European nation as of September 30, 2016. In providing services to our customers, the Bancorp routinely enters into financial transactions with foreign domiciled and U.S. subsidiaries of foreign businesses as
well as foreign financial institutions. These financial transactions are in the form of loans, loan commitments, letters of credit, derivatives, guarantees, banker s acceptances and securities. The Bancorp s risk appetite for foreign
country exposure is managed by having established country exposure limits. The Bancorp s total exposure to European domiciled or owned businesses and European financial institutions was $3.0 billion and funded exposure was $1.5 billion as of
September 30, 2016. Additionally, the Bancorp was within its established country exposure limits for all European countries.    The Bancorp
has been closely monitoring the Brexit situation and its potential impact on the Bancorp. The Bancorp s United Kingdom exposure is shown in the following table.  
 The following table provides detail about the Bancorp s exposure to all European domiciled and U.S. subsidiaries of European businesses
as well as European financial institutions as of September 30, 2016:      

(a)  
    Total exposure includes funded exposure and unfunded commitments.      

(b)  
    Peripheral Europe includes Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain.      

(c)  
    Eurozone includes countries participating in the European common currency (Euro).      

(d)  
    Other Europe includes European countries not part of the Eurozone (primarily Switzerland, Norway and
Sweden).          Analysis of Nonperforming Assets    
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of the principal and/or interest
is uncertain; restructured commercial and credit card loans which have not yet met the requirements to be classified as a performing asset; restructured consumer loans which are 90 days past due based on the restructured terms unless the loan is
both well-secured and in the process of collection; and certain other assets, including OREO and other repossessed property. A summary of nonperforming assets is included in Table 54. Refer to the nonaccrual loans and leases section of Note 1 in the
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional delinquency and nonperforming asset information.  
 Nonperforming assets were $798 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $659 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, $100
million of nonaccrual loans were held for sale, compared to $12 million at December 31, 2015.    Nonperforming portfolio assets as a
percent of portfolio loans and leases and OREO were 0.75% as of September 30, 2016 compared to 0.70% as of December 31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans and leases secured by real estate were 27% of nonaccrual loans and leases as of September 30, 2016
compared to 43% as of December 31, 2015.    Commercial portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases were $460 million at September 30, 2016, an
increase of $119 million from December 31, 2015 and included a $228 million increase associated with the reserve-based lending energy portfolio and the impact of low oil prices during the nine months ended 2016.  
 Consumer portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases were $141 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $24 million from December 31, 2015.
Geographical market conditions continue to be a large driver of nonaccrual activity as Florida properties represent approximately 12% of residential mortgage balances, but represent 23% of nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016. Refer to Tables 55
and 56 for rollforwards of the portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases.    OREO and other repossessed property was $97 million at September
30, 2016, compared to $141 million at December 31, 2015. The Bancorp recognized $5 million and $3 million in losses on the sale or write-down of OREO properties for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $14 million
and $16 million in losses on the sale or write-down of OREO properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $10 million and $32 million, respectively, of interest income would
have been recognized if the nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases on nonaccrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 approximately $8 million and $26 million, respectively, of interest income would have been recognized. Although these values help
demonstrate the costs of carrying nonaccrual credits, the Bancorp does not expect to recover the full amount of interest as nonaccrual loans and leases are generally carried below their principal balance.  

(a)  
    Information for all periods presented excludes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. These advances were    $287    as of    September 30, 2016    and $335 as of December 31, 2015. The Bancorp recognized
   $2    and    $5    on these insured or guaranteed loans for the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016   , respectively, and $2 and $6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.      

(c)  
    Excludes    $20    of restructured nonaccrual loans at both    September 30,
2016    and December 31, 2015 associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party.      

(d)  
    Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases at    September 30, 2016    were adjusted by
   $15    to reflect the identification of certain commercial and industrial loans as nonaccrual after the Bancorp s Form 8-K was filed on October 20, 2016.      
 The following tables provide a rollforward of portfolio nonaccrual loans and leases, by portfolio segment:  

(a)  
    Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases at    September 30, 2016    were adjusted by
   $15    to reflect the identification of certain commercial and industrial loans as nonaccrual after the Bancorp s Form 8-K was filed on October 20, 2016.      
      45  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)       

     Troubled Debt Restructurings    
 If a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, the Bancorp may consider, in certain circumstances, modifying the terms of their loan to
maximize collection of amounts due. Typically, these modifications reduce the loan interest rate, extend the loan term, reduce the accrued interest or in limited circumstances, reduce the principal balance of the loan. These modifications are
classified as TDRs.    At the time of modification, the Bancorp maintains certain consumer loan TDRs (including residential mortgage loans,
home equity loans, and other consumer loans) on accrual status, provided there is reasonable assurance of repayment and performance according to the modified terms based upon a current, well-documented credit evaluation. Commercial loans modified as
part of a TDR are maintained on accrual status provided there is a sustained payment history of six months or greater prior to the modification in accordance with the modified terms and all remaining contractual payments under the modified terms are
reasonably assured of collection. TDRs of commercial loans and credit card loans that do not have a sustained payment history of six months or greater in accordance with the modified terms remain on nonaccrual status until a six-month payment
history is sustained.    Consumer restructured loans on accrual status totaled $972 million and $979 million at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the percent of restructured residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and credit card loans that were past due 30 days or more from their modified terms were 28%, 11% and 28%,
respectively.    The following tables summarize portfolio TDRs by loan type and delinquency status:  

(a)  
    Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose repayments
are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of    September 30, 2016   , these advances represented    $236    of current loans,    $48    of 30-89 days past due loans and    $96   
of 90 days or more past due loans.      

(b)  
    As of    September 30, 2016   , excludes    $7    of restructured accruing
loans and    $20    of restructured nonaccrual loans associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party.      

(c)  
    Excludes restructured nonaccrual loans held for sale.      

(a)  
    Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose repayments
are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of December 31, 2015, these advances represented $202 of current loans, $42 of 30-89 days past due loans and $99 of 90 days or more past due loans.      

(b)  
    As of December 31, 2015, excludes $7 of restructured accruing loans and $20 of restructured nonaccrual loans
associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party.      

(c)  
    Excludes restructured nonaccrual loans held for sale.      
      46  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Analysis of Net Loan Charge-offs    
 Net charge-offs were 45 bps and 80 bps of average portfolio loans and leases for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and were 41 bps and 53 bps of average portfolio loans and leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Table 59 provides a summary of credit loss experience and net charge-offs as a percent of average
portfolio loans and leases outstanding by loan category.    The ratio of commercial loan and lease net charge-offs to average portfolio
commercial loans and leases decreased to 43 bps and 38 bps during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 99 bps and 54 bps during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a charge-off associated with the restructuring of a student loan backed commercial credit originated in 2007, included in net charge-offs on commercial and industrial loans. Additionally, the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $19 million of charge-offs in the energy portfolio related to oil field services loans, included in net charge-offs on commercial and industrial loans, and a $9 million and $10 million decrease in net
charge-offs on commercial mortgage loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.    The ratio of consumer
loan and lease net charge-offs to average portfolio consumer loans and leases decreased to 49 bps and 47 bps during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 51 bps and 52 bps for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. Residential mortgage loan net charge-offs, which typically involve partial charge-offs based upon appraised values of underlying collateral, decreased $1 million and $7 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year driven by improvements in delinquencies and loss severities. The Bancorp expects the composition of the residential mortgage portfolio to improve as it continues to
retain high quality residential mortgage loans.    Home equity net charge-offs decreased $2 million and $11 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to improvements in loss severities. Management actively manages lines of credit and makes reductions in lending limits when it believes it is
necessary based on FICO score deterioration and property devaluation.    Automobile loan net charge-offs increased $2 million and $7
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to a strategic shift focusing on improving risk adjusted return along with a modest decline in used car values
at auction.    Credit card and other consumer loans and leases net charge-offs remained relatively flat compared to the same periods in the
prior year. The Bancorp utilizes a risk-adjusted pricing methodology to ensure adequate compensation is received for those products that have higher credit costs.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)       

     Allowance for Credit Losses    
 The allowance for credit losses is comprised of the ALLL and the reserve for unfunded commitments. The ALLL provides coverage for probable and
estimable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp evaluates the ALLL each quarter to determine its adequacy to cover inherent losses. Several factors are taken into consideration in the determination of the overall ALLL, including an
unallocated component. These factors include, but are not limited to, the overall risk profile of the loan and lease portfolios, net charge-off experience, the extent of impaired loans and leases, the level of nonaccrual loans and leases, the level
of 90 days past due loans and leases and the overall level of the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases. The Bancorp also considers overall asset quality trends, credit administration and portfolio management practices, risk identification
practices, credit policy and underwriting practices, overall portfolio growth, portfolio concentrations and current economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. More information on the ALLL can be found in the Critical Accounting Policies
section of the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Bancorp refined certain estimation techniques associated with the ALLL. Such refinements included the introduction of individual loss rate mitigation analyses for each commercial loan portfolio class as contrasted to the single
composite loss rate migration analysis for the entire commercial loan portfolio which was used in prior periods. These refinements did not substantively change any material aspect of the Bancorp s overall approach in the determination of the
ALLL and there have been no material changes in assumptions as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance. In addition to the ALLL, the Bancorp maintains a reserve for unfunded commitments recorded in
other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of this reserve is similar to the Bancorp s methodology for determining the ALLL. The provision for unfunded commitments is included
in other noninterest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The ALLL attributable to the portion of the residential mortgage and consumer loan and lease
portfolio that has not been restructured is determined on a pooled basis with the segmentation based on the similarity of credit risk characteristics. Loss factors for consumer loans are developed for each pool based on the trailing twelve month
historical loss rate, as adjusted for certain prescriptive loss rate factors and certain qualitative adjustment factors. The prescriptive loss rate factors and qualitative adjustments are designed to reflect risks associated with current conditions
and trends which are not believed to be fully reflected in the trailing twelve month historical loss rate. For real estate backed consumer loans, the prescriptive loss rate factors include adjustments for delinquency trends, LTV trends, refreshed
FICO score trends and product mix, and the qualitative factors include adjustments for changes in policies or procedures in underwriting, monitoring or collections, economic conditions, portfolio mix, lending and risk management personnel, results
of internal audit and quality control reviews, collateral values and geographic concentrations. The Bancorp considers home price index trends in its footprint and the volatility of collateral valuation trends when determining the collateral value
qualitative factor.    The Bancorp s determination of the ALLL for commercial loans is sensitive to the risk grades it assigns to
these loans. In the event that 10% of commercial loans in each risk category would experience a downgrade of one risk category, the allowance for commercial loans would have increased by approximately $191 million at September 30, 2016. In addition,
the Bancorp s determination of the ALLL for residential mortgage loans and consumer loans is sensitive to changes in estimated loss rates. In the event that estimated loss rates would increase by 10%, the ALLL for residential mortgage loans and
consumer loans would have increased by approximately $30 million at September 30, 2016. As several qualitative and quantitative factors are considered in determining the ALLL, these sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and
extent of future changes in the ALLL. They are intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes to risk grades and estimated loss rates and do not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk ratings or loss rates. Given
current processes employed by the Bancorp, management believes the risk grades and estimated loss rates currently assigned are appropriate.     TABLE 60:
Changes in Allowance for Credit Losses   
   Certain inherent but unconfirmed losses are probable within the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp s
current methodology for determining the level of losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and restructured loans and other qualitative adjustments.
Due to the heavy reliance on realized historical losses and the credit grade rating process, the model-derived estimate of ALLL tends to slightly lag behind the deterioration in the portfolio in a stable or deteriorating credit environment, and
tends not to be as responsive when improved conditions have presented themselves. Given these model limitations, the qualitative adjustment factors may be incremental or decremental to the quantitative model results.  
 An unallocated component of the ALLL is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss. The unallocated allowance
as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases was 0.12% at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The unallocated allowance was 9% of the total allowance at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
 As shown in Table 61, the ALLL as a percent of portfolio loans and leases was 1.37% at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
The ALLL was $1.3 billion at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)       
   TABLE 61: Attribution of Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses to Portfolio Loans and Leases   
      MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT   
 Market risk is the day-to-day potential for the value of a financial instrument to increase or decrease due to movements in market
factors. The Bancorp s market risk includes risks resulting from movements in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices in both the banking book and the trading book. Interest rate risk, a component of
market risk, primarily impacts the Bancorp s net interest income and interest sensitive fee income categories through changes in interest income on earning assets and cost of interest bearing liabilities, and through fee items that are related
to interest sensitive activities such as commercial loan fees and mortgage origination and servicing income. Management considers interest rate risk a prominent market risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk can occur
for any one or more of the following reasons:               Assets and liabilities
may mature or reprice at different times;               Short-term and long-term
market interest rates may change by different amounts; or               The expected
maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change.    In addition to the direct impact of interest
rate changes on net interest income, interest rates can indirectly impact earnings through their effect on loan and deposit demand, credit losses, mortgage originations, the value of servicing rights and other sources of the Bancorp s earnings.
Stability of the Bancorp s net income is largely dependent upon the effective management of interest rate risk. Management continually reviews the Bancorp s balance sheet composition and earnings flows and models the interest rate risk,
and possible actions to reduce this risk, given numerous possible future interest rate scenarios. A series of Policy Limits and Key Risk Indicators are monitored to ensure that this risk is managed within the Bancorp s risk appetite.  
   Interest Rate Risk Management Oversight    
 The Bancorp ALCO, which includes senior management representatives and is accountable to the ERMC, monitors and manages interest rate risk
within Board approved policy limits. In addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of ERM that provides independent oversight of market risk activities.  
      Net Interest Income Sensitivity    
 The Bancorp employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its interest rate risk, including the use of an NII simulation
model to analyze the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates. The model is based on contractual and assumed cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of the Bancorp s assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet
exposures and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of certain assets and attrition rates of certain liabilities. The model also includes senior management s projections of
the future volume and pricing of each of the product lines offered by the Bancorp as well as other pertinent assumptions. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, deviations
from projected assumptions, as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The Bancorp s interest rate risk exposure is evaluated by measuring the anticipated
change in net interest income over 12-month and 24-month horizons assuming 100 bps and 200 bps parallel ramped increases and a 50 bps parallel rate shock decrease in interest rates. In accordance with policy, the 100 bps and 200 bps parallel ramped
increase rate movements are assumed to occur over one year and are sustained thereafter. The 50 bps parallel rate shock decrease is an immediate change. The analysis would typically include 100 bps and 200 bps parallel ramped decreases in interest
rates; however, this analysis is currently omitted due to the current low levels of certain interest rates. Applying the ramps would result in certain interest rates becoming negative in the parallel ramped decrease scenarios.  
 In this economic cycle, banks have experienced significant growth in deposit balances, particularly in noninterest-bearing demand deposits.
The Bancorp, like other banks, is exposed to deposit balance run-off in a rising interest rate environment. In consideration of this risk, the Bancorp s NII sensitivity modeling assumes that approximately $2.5 billion of noninterest-bearing
demand deposit balances run-off for each 100 bps increase in short-term market interest rates. These lost noninterest-bearing demand deposit balances are modeled to flow into funding products that reprice in conjunction with market rate increases.
   Another important deposit modeling assumption is the amount by which interest-bearing deposit rates will increase when market rates
increase. This deposit repricing sensitivity is known as the beta, and it represents the expected amount by which the Bancorp deposit rates will increase for a given increase in short-term market rates. The Bancorp s NII sensitivity modeling
assumes a weighted-average interest-bearing deposit beta of 69% at September 30, 2016, which is approximately 20 percentage points higher than the beta that the Bancorp experienced in the last FRB tightening cycle from June 2004 to June 2006.  
 The Bancorp continually evaluates the sensitivity of its interest rate risk measures to these important deposit modeling assumptions. The
Bancorp also evaluates the sensitivity of other important modeling assumptions, such as loan and security prepayments and early withdrawals on fixed-rate customer liabilities.  
 The following table shows the Bancorp s estimated net interest income sensitivity profile and ALCO policy limits as of:  
  TABLE 62: Estimated NII Sensitivity Profile and ALCO Policy Limits   
   At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp s net interest income would benefit in both year one and year two
under the parallel rate ramp increases. The Bancorp s net interest income would decline in both year one and year two under the parallel 50 bps rate shock decrease. The net interest income sensitivity profile is attributable to the combination
of floating-rate assets, including the predominantly floating-rate commercial loan portfolio, and certain intermediate-term fixed-rate liabilities. The changes in the sensitivity profile compared to September 30, 2015 are primarily attributable
to runoff in the indirect automobile loan portfolio, forecasted core deposit balance growth and higher outstanding balances of fixed-rate debt. These items were partially offset by investment portfolio growth and residential mortgage loan growth.
   Tables 63 and 64 provide information on the Bancorp s estimated net interest income sensitivity profile given changes to balances
or certain key assumptions.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  The following table shows the Bancorp s estimated net interest income sensitivity
profile with a $1 billion decrease and a $1 billion increase in demand deposit balances as of September 30, 2016:     TABLE 63: Estimated NII Sensitivity
Assuming a $1 Billion Change in Demand Deposit Balances   
   The following table shows the Bancorp s estimated net interest income sensitivity profile with a 25%
increase and a 25% decrease to the deposit beta assumption as of September 30, 2016. The resulting weighted-average interest-bearing deposit beta included in this analysis is approximately 87% and 52%, respectively, as of September 30, 2016:  
  TABLE 64: Estimated NII Sensitivity with Deposit Beta Assumption Changes   
     Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity    
 The Bancorp also uses EVE as a measurement tool in managing interest rate risk. Whereas the net interest income sensitivity analysis
highlights the impact on forecasted NII on an FTE (non-GAAP) basis over one and two year time horizons, the EVE analysis is a point in time analysis of the economic sensitivity of current positions that incorporates all cash flows over their
estimated remaining lives. The EVE of the balance sheet is defined as the discounted present value of all asset and net derivative cash flows less the discounted value of all liability cash flows. Due to this longer horizon, the sensitivity of EVE
to changes in the level of interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk. EVE values only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions used in the NII sensitivity analysis. As with the NII simulation
model, assumptions about the timing and variability of existing balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis. Particularly important are assumptions driving loan and security prepayments and the expected balance attrition and pricing of
transaction deposits.    The following table shows the Bancorp s estimated EVE sensitivity profile as of:  
  TABLE 65: Estimated EVE Sensitivity Profile  
   The EVE sensitivity to the +200 bps rising rate scenario is modestly negative at September 30, 2016, and is
also slightly negative to a decline in market rates. The +200 bps rising rate sensitivity is down from the sensitivity at September 30, 2015. The decrease in risk is related to long-term debt issuances, run-off of indirect automobile loan balances
and the decline in term market interest rates, which reduced investment portfolio and residential mortgage loan portfolio durations and improved the risk profiles of core deposits. These items were partially offset by growth in investment portfolio
balances.    While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure, the Bancorp
believes that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree
that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon (e.g., the current fiscal year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in yield curve relationships and
changing product spreads that could mitigate or exacerbate the impact of changes in interest rates. The NII simulations and EVE analyses may not necessarily include certain actions that management may undertake to manage risk in response to actual
changes in interest rates.    The Bancorp regularly evaluates its exposures to a static balance sheet forecast, LIBOR, Prime Rate and other
basis risks, yield curve twist risks and embedded options risks. In addition, the impact on NII on an FTE basis and EVE of extreme changes in interest rates is modeled, wherein the Bancorp employs the use of yield curve shocks and
environment-specific scenarios.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
    Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate Risk    
 An integral component of the Bancorp s interest rate risk management strategy is its use of derivative instruments to minimize
significant fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. Examples of derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors,
interest rate caps, forward contracts, forward starting interest rate swaps, options, swaptions and TBA securities.    As part of its
overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activities, the Bancorp enters into forward contracts accounted for as free-standing derivatives to economically hedge IRLCs that are also considered free-standing derivatives.
Additionally, the Bancorp economically hedges its exposure to mortgage loans held for sale through the use of forward contracts and mortgage options.  
 The Bancorp also enters into derivatives contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge market risks assumed in interest
rate derivative contracts with commercial customers. Generally, these contracts have similar terms in order to protect the Bancorp from market volatility. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts, which the Bancorp minimizes through collateral arrangements, approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. For further information including the notional amount and fair values of these derivatives, refer to Note 12 of the Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      Portfolio Loans and Leases and Interest Rate Risk    
 Although the Bancorp s portfolio loans and leases contain both fixed and floating/adjustable-rate products, the rates of interest earned
by the Bancorp on the outstanding balances are generally established for a period of time. The interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases is directly related to the length of time the rate earned is established.  
 The following table summarizes the carrying value of the Bancorp s portfolio loans and leases expected cash flows, excluding interest
receivable, as of September 30, 2016:     TABLE 66: Portfolio Loans and Leases Expected Cash Flows   
   Additionally, the following table displays a summary of expected cash flows, excluding interest receivable,
occurring after one year for both fixed and floating/adjustable-rate loans and leases as of September 30, 2016:     TABLE 67: Portfolio Loans and Leases
Expected Cash Flows Occurring After 1 Year   
     Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights and Interest Rate Risk    
 The net carrying amount of the residential MSR portfolio was $619 million and $784 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. The value of servicing rights can fluctuate sharply depending on changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, as interest rates decline and loans are prepaid to take advantage of refinancing, the total value of
existing servicing rights declines because no further servicing fees are collected on repaid loans. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity in order to manage a portion of the risk associated
with changes in the value of its MSR portfolio as a result of changing interest rates.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Mortgage rates increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Actual prepayment
speeds also increased during the three months ended September 30, 2016, but were associated with the interest rate decline at the end of the second quarter of 2016 as there is a natural lag between interest rate movements and prepayments. The
increase in mortgage rates caused modeled prepayment speeds to decrease, which led to a recovery of temporary impairment of $7 million. Mortgage rates decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Mortgage rates were also lower
during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 which caused actual prepayments on the servicing portfolio to increase. Lower mortgage rates caused modeled prepayment speeds to increase, which led to a temporary impairment of $125
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and temporary impairment of $77 million and $38 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a
borrower s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing rates. Temporary impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower s loan rate. In addition to the MSR valuation,
the Bancorp recognized net losses of $16 million and net gains of $133 million on derivatives associated with its non-qualifying hedging strategy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to net gains of $85
million and $119 million, respectively during the same periods in the prior year. The Bancorp may adjust its hedging strategy to reflect its assessment of the composition of its MSR portfolio, the cost of hedging and the anticipated effectiveness of
the hedges given the economic environment. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on servicing rights and the instruments used to hedge interest rate risk on MSRs.  
   Foreign Currency Risk      The
Bancorp may enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. The derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss being recorded in other noninterest
income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The balance of the Bancorp s foreign denominated loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $922 million and $812 million, respectively. The Bancorp also enters into foreign
exchange contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, the Bancorp also enters into foreign exchange
contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a substantial portion of the exposure from client driven foreign exchange activity. The Bancorp has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not
being taken in providing this service to customers. These controls include an independent determination of currency volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these contracts, counterparty credit approvals and country limits performed by the
Capital Markets Credit Department and Capital Markets Risk Department.      Commodity Risk    
 The Bancorp also enters into commodity contracts for the benefit of commercial customers to hedge their exposure to commodity price
fluctuations. Similar to the hedging of foreign exchange and interest rate risk from interest rate derivative contracts, the Bancorp also enters into commodity contracts with major financial institutions to economically hedge a substantial portion
of the exposure from client driven commodity activity. The Bancorp may also offset this risk with exchange traded commodity contracts. The Bancorp has risk limits and internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not taken in
providing this service to customers. These controls include an independent determination of commodity volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these contracts and counterparty credit approvals performed by the Capital Markets Credit Department
and Capital Markets Risk Department.       LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT   
 The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan and lease demand, unexpected levels of deposit
withdrawals and other contractual obligations. Mitigating liquidity risk is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of cash, investment securities, maintaining sufficient unused borrowing capacity in the debt markets and delivering
consistent growth in core deposits. A summary of certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts is included in Note 16 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Bancorp maintains a contingency funding plan that assesses the liquidity needs under various scenarios of market conditions, asset growth
and credit rating downgrades. The plan includes liquidity stress testing which measures various sources and uses of funds under the different scenarios. The contingency plan provides for ongoing monitoring of unused borrowing capacity and available
sources of contingent liquidity to prepare for unexpected liquidity needs and to cover unanticipated events that could affect liquidity.      Sources
of Funds      The Bancorp s primary sources of funds relate to cash flows from loan and lease repayments, payments from
securities related to sales and maturities, the sale or securitization of loans and leases and funds generated by core deposits, in addition to the use of public and private debt offerings.  
 Table 66 of the Market Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section of MD A illustrates the expected maturities from loan
and lease repayments. Of the $30.7 billion of securities in the Bancorp s available-for-sale and other portfolio at September 30, 2016, $5.4 billion in principal and interest is expected to be received in the next 12 months and an additional
$3.8 billion is expected to be received in the next 13 to 24 months. For further information on the Bancorp s securities portfolio, refer to the Investment Securities subsection of the Balance Sheet Analysis section of MD A.  
 Asset-driven liquidity is provided by the Bancorp s ability to sell or securitize loans and leases. In order to reduce the exposure to
interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, the Bancorp has developed securitization and sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. A majority of the long-term, fixed-rate single-family residential mortgage loans
underwritten according to FHLMC or FNMA guidelines are sold for cash upon origination. Additional assets such as certain other residential mortgage loans, certain commercial loans, home equity loans, automobile loans and other consumer loans are
also capable of being securitized or sold. The Bancorp sold or securitized loans totaling $1.9 billion and $5.0 billion during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.4 billion and $4.4 billion during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. For further information on the transfer of financial assets, refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  Core deposits have historically provided the Bancorp with a sizeable source of relatively
stable and low cost funds. The Bancorp s average core deposits and average shareholders  equity funded 81% of its average total assets for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 81% and 82% for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. In addition to core deposit funding, the Bancorp also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include securitized advances from the FHLB system. Certificates of
deposit $100,000 and over and deposits in the Bancorp s foreign branch located in the Cayman Islands are wholesale funding tools utilized to fund asset growth. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in
response to changing balance sheet needs.    As of September 30, 2016, $8.9 billion of debt or other securities were available for issuance
under the current Bancorp s Board of Directors  authorizations and the Bancorp is authorized to file any necessary registration statements with the SEC to permit ready access to the public securities markets; however, access to these
markets may depend on market conditions. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp has approximately $37.0 billion of borrowing capacity available through secured borrowing sources including the FHLB and FRB.  
 The Bank s global bank note program has a borrowing capacity of $25.0 billion, of which $15.3 billion is available for issuance as of
September 30, 2016. On March 15, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amounts of unsecured bank notes. On June 14, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.3 billion of unsecured bank notes. On September 27, 2016, the Bank
issued and sold $1.0 billion of unsecured bank notes.      Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio    
 A key reform within the Basel III framework to strengthen international liquidity standards was the BCBS  introduction of the LCR and
NSFR. On January 7, 2013, the BCBS issued a final standard for the LCR applicable to large internationally active banking organizations. The BCBS issued a final NSFR standard in the fourth quarter of 2014 and disclosure requirements in the
second quarter of 2015 which are applicable to internationally active banks. The NSFR will become a minimum standard by January 1, 2018.  
 Section 165 of the DFA requires the FRB to establish enhanced liquidity standards in the U.S. for BHCs with total assets of $50 billion or
greater. On October 10, 2014, the U.S. banking agencies published final rules implementing a quantitative liquidity requirement consistent with the LCR standard established by the BCBS for large internationally active banking organizations,
generally those with $250 billion or more in total consolidated assets or $10 billion or more in on-balance sheet foreign exposure. In addition, a Modified LCR requirement was finalized for BHCs with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets
that are not internationally active, such as the Bancorp. The Modified LCR requires BHCs to maintain HQLA equal to its calculated net cash outflows over a 30 calendar-day stress period multiplied by a factor of 0.7. The Modified LCR became effective
January 1, 2016 and requires BHCs to calculate its LCR on a monthly basis. The final rule includes a transition period for the Modified LCR in which BHCs must maintain HQLA of 90% of its calculated net cash outflows for 2016 and then 100% beginning
in 2017. The Bancorp s Modified LCR was 115% at September 30, 2016 calculated under the LCR final rule.    The U.S. banking agencies
have issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to implement a modified NSFR for certain bank holding companies with at least $50 billion but less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets and with less than $10 billion in on-balance sheet foreign
exposures, including the Bancorp. The NSFR is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance-sheet activities of banks and bank holding companies over a one-year time horizon. Generally consistent with the
BCBS  framework, under the proposed rule banking organizations would be required to hold an amount of ASF over a one-year time horizon that equals or exceeds the institution s amount of RSF, with the ASF representing the numerator and the
RSF representing the denominator of the NSFR. Banking organizations subject to the modified NSFR would multiply the RSF amount by 70%, such that the RSF amount required for these institutions would be equivalent to 70% of the RSF amount that would
be required pursuant to the full NSFR generally applicable to institutions with at least $250 billion in total consolidated assets or $10 billion or more in on-balance sheet foreign exposures under the proposed rule. The proposed rule includes
detailed descriptions of the items that would comprise ASF and RSF and standardized factors that would apply to ASF and RSF items, and would require any institution whose applicable modified NSFR falls under 100% to notify the appropriate federal
regulator and develop a remediation plan.   If ultimately adopted as currently proposed, the implementation of the NSFR could impact the
Bancorp s liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future, including by incentivizing increased use of long-term debt as a funding source. Under the proposal, the NSFR becomes effective January 1, 2018 with public disclosure
requirements beginning for the calendar quarter that ends on March 31, 2018. The comment period for this proposal ended on August 5, 2016. The Bancorp is currently evaluating the impact of the U.S. banking agencies  NSFR framework.  
   Credit Ratings      The cost and
availability of financing to the Bancorp and Bank are impacted by its credit ratings. A downgrade to the Bancorp s or Bank s credit ratings could affect its ability to access the credit markets and increase its borrowing costs, thereby
adversely impacting the Bancorp s or Bank s financial condition and liquidity. Key factors in maintaining high credit ratings include a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong credit quality, strong capital ratios and diverse
funding sources, in addition to disciplined liquidity monitoring procedures.    The Bancorp s and Bank s credit ratings are
summarized in Table 68. The ratings reflect the ratings agency s view on the Bancorp s and Bank s capacity to meet financial commitments. In conjunction with their periodic review of the large regional banking group, Fitch Ratings
affirmed the Bancorp s ratings at  A/F1  but revised the outlook to Negative from Stable. Fitch has stated that it expects resolution of this ratings outlook to be at the outer end of the 12 to 24 month outlook horizon period.*  
  * As an investor, you should be aware that a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, that it may be subject
to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Additional information on the credit rating ranking within the overall classification system is
located on the website of each credit rating agency.   
      55  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)

TABLE 68: Agency Ratings  

As of November 9, 2016 
    
 Moody s 
    
 Standard and Poor s 
    
       Fitch       

DBRS     

Fifth Third Bancorp:  

Short-term  
    
 No rating 
    
 A-2 
    
 F1 

R-1L     

Senior debt  
    
 Baa1 
    
 BBB+ 
    
 A 

AL     

Subordinated debt  
    
 Baa1 
    
 BBB 
    
 A- 

BBBH     

Fifth Third Bank:  

Short-term  
    
 P-1 
    
 A-2 
    
 F1 

R-1L     

Long-term deposit  
    
 Aa3 
    
 No rating 
    
 A+ 

A     

Senior debt  
    
 A3 
    
 A- 
    
 A 

A     

Subordinated debt  
    
 Baa1 
    
 BBB+ 
    
 A- 

AL     

Rating Agency Outlook for Fifth Third Bancorp and Fifth
Third Bank:  
    
 Stable 
    
 Stable 
    
 Negative 

Stable     
     
      OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT   
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems or due to external events that are neither
market nor credit-related. Operational risk is inherent in the Bancorp s activities and can manifest itself in various ways including fraudulent acts, business interruptions, inappropriate behavior of employees, unintentional failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations, cyber-security incidents and privacy breaches, or failure of vendors to perform in accordance with their arrangements. These events could result in financial losses, litigation and regulatory fines, as well as
other damage to the Bancorp. The Bancorp s risk management goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels consistent with the Bancorp s risk appetite, financial strength, the characteristics of its businesses, the markets in which
it operates, and the competitive and regulatory environment to which it is subject.    To control, monitor, and govern operational risk,
the Bancorp maintains an overall Risk Management Framework which comprises governance oversight, risk assessment, capital measurement, monitoring, and reporting as well as a formal three lines of defense approach. ERM is responsible for prescribing
the framework to the lines of business and corporate functions, and to provide independent oversight of its implementation (second line of defense). Business Controls groups are in place in each of the lines of business to ensure consistent
implementation and execution of managing day to day operational risk (first line of defense).   The Bancorp s risk management
framework consists of five integrated components, including identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and independent governance reporting of risk. The corporate Operational Risk Management function within Enterprise Risk is responsible for
developing and overseeing the implementation of the Bancorp s approach to managing operational risk. This includes providing governance, awareness and training, tools, guidance and oversight to support implementation of key risk programs and
systems as they relate to operational risk management, such as risk and control self-assessments, new product/initiative risk reviews, key risk indicators, Vendor Risk Management, and operational losses. The function is also responsible for
developing reports that support the proactive management of operational risk across the enterprise. The lines of business and corporate functions are responsible for managing the operational risks associated with their areas in accordance with the
risk management framework. The framework is intended to enable the Bancorp to function with a sound and well-controlled operational environment. These processes support the Bancorp s goals to minimize future operational losses and strengthen
the Bancorp s performance by maintaining sufficient capital to absorb operational losses that are incurred.       COMPLIANCE
RISK MANAGEMENT     Regulatory compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to
reputation as a result of noncompliance with (i) applicable laws, regulations, rules and other regulatory requirements (including but not limited to the risk of consumers experiencing economic loss or other legal harm as a result of noncompliance
with consumer protection laws, regulations and requirements); (ii) internal policies and procedures, standards of best practice or codes of conduct; and (iii) principles of integrity and fair dealing applicable to Fifth Third s activities and
functions. Fifth Third focuses on managing regulatory compliance risk in accordance with the Bancorp s integrated risk management framework, which ensures consistent processes for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring, and reporting
risks. The Bancorp s risk management goal is to keep compliance risk at appropriate levels consistent with the Bancorp s risk appetite.  
 The current regulatory environment, including heightened regulatory expectations and material changes in laws and regulations, increases
compliance risk. To mitigate compliance risk, Compliance Risk Management provides independent oversight to ensure consistency and sufficiency in the execution of the program, and ensures that lines of business, regions and support functions are
adequately identifying, assessing and monitoring compliance risks and adopting proper mitigation strategies. The lines of business and enterprise functions are responsible for managing the compliance risks associated with their areas. Additionally,
Compliance Risk Management implements key compliance programs and processes including but not limited to, risk assessments, key risk indicators, issues tracking, regulatory compliance testing and monitoring, anti-money laundering, privacy, and
oversees the Bancorp s compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act.    Fifth Third also focuses on the reporting and escalation of
compliance issues to senior management and the Board. The Management Compliance Committee is the key committee that oversees and supports Fifth Third in the management of compliance risk across the enterprise. The Management Compliance Committee
oversees Fifth Third-wide compliance issues, industry best practices, legislative developments (in coordination with the Regulatory Change Management Committee), regulatory concerns, and other leading indicators of compliance risk. The Management
Compliance Committee reports to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee, which reports to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors.  
      56  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT   
 Management regularly reviews the Bancorp s capital levels to help ensure it is appropriately positioned under various operating
environments. The Bancorp has established a Capital Committee which is responsible for making capital plan recommendations to management. These recommendations are reviewed by the ERMC and the annual capital plan is approved by the Board of
Directors. The Capital Committee is responsible for execution oversight of the capital actions of the capital plan.      Regulatory Capital Ratios
     The Basel III Final Rule was effective for the Bancorp on January 1, 2015, subject to phase-in periods for certain of its
components and other provisions. It established quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and off-balance sheet items and also defined and set minimum regulatory capital requirements. The minimum capital ratios established under
the Basel III Final Rule are 4.5% for the CET1 capital ratio, 6% for the Tier I risk-based capital ratio, 8% for the Total risk-based capital ratio and 4% for the Tier I Leverage ratio (Tier I capital to average consolidated assets). The PCA
provisions adopted by the U.S. banking agencies define  well-capitalized  ratios for CET1 capital, Tier I risk-based capital, Total risk-based capital and Tier I leverage greater than or equal to 6.5%, 8%, 10% and 5%, respectively.
   On January 1, 2016, the Bancorp became subject to a capital conservation buffer which will be phased in over a three-year period ending
January 1, 2019. Once fully phased-in, the capital conservation buffer will be 2.5% in addition to the minimum capital requirements, in order to avoid limitations on certain capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive
officers. The capital conservation buffer is 0.625% in 2016. The Bancorp exceeded these  well-capitalized  and  capital conservation buffer  ratios for all periods presented.  
 The Bancorp made a one-time permanent election to not include AOCI in regulatory capital in the March 31, 2015 FFIEC 031 and FR Y-9C
filings. The Basel III Final Rule phases out the inclusion of certain TruPS as a component of Tier I capital. Under these provisions, these TruPS would qualify as a component of Tier II capital. At September 30, 2016, the Bancorp s Tier I
capital did not include any TruPS, compared to $13 million, or 1 bp of risk-weighted assets, at December 31, 2015.    The following table
summarizes the Bancorp s capital ratios as of:     TABLE 69: Capital Ratios   

(a)  
    These are non-GAAP measures. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of
MD A.      

(b)  
    Under the U.S. banking agencies  Basel III Final Rule, assets and credit equivalent amounts of
off-balance sheet exposures are calculated according to the standardized approach for risk-weighted assets. The resulting weighted values are added together resulting in the total risk-weighted assets.      

(c)  
    Excludes unrealized gains and losses.      

(d)  
    Balances and ratios not restated for the adoption of the amended guidance of ASU 2015-03  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.      
   Stress Tests and CCAR      In 2011
the FRB adopted the capital plan rule, which requires BHCs with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more to submit annual capital plans to the FRB for review. Under the rule, these capital plans must include detailed descriptions of the following:
the BHC s internal processes for assessing capital adequacy; the policies governing capital actions such as common stock issuances, dividends and share repurchases; and all planned capital actions over a nine-quarter planning horizon. Further,
each BHC must also report to the FRB the results of stress tests conducted by the BHC under a number of scenarios that assess the sources and uses of capital under baseline and stressed economic scenarios. The FRB launched the 2016 stress testing
program and CCAR on January 28, 2016, with submissions of stress test results and capital plans to the FRB due on April 5, 2016, which the Bancorp submitted as required.  
 The FRB s review of the capital plan assessed the comprehensiveness of the capital plan, the reasonableness of the assumptions and the
analysis underlying the capital plan. Additionally, the FRB reviewed the robustness of the capital adequacy process, the capital policy and the Bancorp s ability to maintain capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio on a pro forma
basis under expected and stressful conditions throughout the planning horizon.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
  On June 29, 2016, the Bancorp announced the results of its capital plan submitted to the FRB
as part of the 2016 CCAR. For BHCs that proposed capital distributions in their plans, the FRB either objected to the plan or provided a non-objection whereby the FRB permitted the proposed capital distributions. The FRB indicated to the Bancorp
that it did not object to the following capital actions for the period beginning July 1, 2016 and ending June 30, 2017:      

The potential increase in the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.14 in the fourth quarter of 2016;

The potential repurchase of common shares in an amount up to $660 million, which includes $84 million in
repurchases related to share issuances under employee benefit plans;     

The additional ability to repurchase shares in the amount of any realized after-tax gains from the sale of
Vantiv, Inc. common stock, if executed;     

The additional ability to repurchase shares in the amount of any realized after-tax gains from the
termination and settlement of any portion of the TRA with Vantiv, Inc., if executed.       As contemplated by the 2015 CCAR,
during the first quarter of 2016, the Bancorp entered into a $240 million accelerated share repurchase transaction and during the second quarter of 2016, the Bancorp repurchased approximately $26 million of its outstanding common stock through open
market share repurchase transactions. Additionally, as contemplated by the 2016 CCAR, during the third quarter of 2016, the Bancorp entered into a $240 million accelerated share repurchase transaction. For further information, refer to Note 15 of
the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.    Additionally, as a CCAR institution, the Bancorp is required to disclose the
results of its company-run stress test under the supervisory severely adverse scenario and to provide information related to the types of risk included in its stress testing; a general description of the methodologies used; estimates of certain
financial results and pro forma capital ratios; and an explanation of the most significant causes of changes in regulatory capital ratios. On June 23, 2016 the Bancorp publicly disclosed the results of its company-run stress test as required by the
DFA stress testing rules, which is available on Fifth Third s website at  https://www.53.com .    The BHCs that participated in
the 2016 CCAR, including the Bancorp, are required to also conduct mid-cycle company-run stress tests using data as of June 30, 2016. The stress tests must be based on three BHC defined scenarios   baseline, adverse and severely adverse. The
Bancorp reported its mid-cycle stress test results to the FRB by the required October 5, 2016 submission date. In addition, the Bancorp published a Form 8-K providing a summary of the results under the severely adverse scenario on October 27, 2016,
which is available on Fifth Third s website at  https://www.53.com . These results represented estimates of the Bancorp s results from the third quarter of 2016 through the third quarter of 2018 under the severely adverse scenario,
which is considered highly unlikely to occur.      Dividend Policy and Stock Repurchase Program    
 The Bancorp s common stock dividend policy and stock repurchase program reflect its earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the need to
maintain adequate capital levels, the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, the need to comply with safe and sound banking practices as well as meet regulatory requirements and expectations. The Bancorp declared dividends per common share of
$0.13 for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $0.39 for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Bancorp entered into or settled a number of accelerated share repurchase transactions during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the accelerated share repurchases.  
 The following table summarizes the monthly share repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016:  
  TABLE 70: Share Repurchases   

(a)  
    Includes 290,289 shares repurchased during the third quarter of 2016 in connection with various employee
compensation plans. These purchases do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the Board of Directors  authorization.      

(b)  
    In March of 2016, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized management to purchase
100 million shares of the Bancorp s common stock through the open market or in any private party transactions. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date.      
      58  

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)
          
     OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 In the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into financial transactions that are considered off-balance sheet arrangements as they
involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Bancorp s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp s off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments, guarantees,
contingent liabilities, and transactions with non-consolidated VIEs. A brief discussion of these transactions is as follows:      Commitments
     The Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts, including commitments to extend credit, letters of
credit, forward contracts related to held for sale mortgage loans, noncancelable operating lease obligations, capital commitments for private equity investments and purchase obligations. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on commitments.      Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities    
 For certain mortgage loans originated by the Bancorp, borrowers may be required to obtain PMI provided by third-party insurers. In some
instances, these insurers cede a portion of the PMI premiums to the Bancorp, and the Bancorp provides reinsurance coverage within a specified range of the total PMI coverage. The Bancorp s reinsurance coverage typically ranges from 5% to 10% of
the total PMI coverage. In the second quarter of 2016, the Bancorp allowed one of its third-party insurers to terminate its reinsurance agreement with the Bancorp, resulting in the Bancorp releasing collateral to the insurer in the form of
investment securities and other assets with a carrying value of $6 million, and the insurer assuming the Bancorp s obligations under the reinsurance agreement, resulting in a decrease to the Bancorp s reserve liability of $2 million and a
decrease in the Bancorp s maximum exposure of $26 million. In addition, the Bancorp received a payment of $4 million related to the difference between the release of the assets and the reserve liability assumed. The Bancorp s remaining
maximum exposure in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the Bancorp s total outstanding reinsurance coverage, which was $1 million at September 30, 2016 and $27 million at December 31, 2015. As of September
30, 2016 the Bancorp no longer maintained a reserve related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio. As of December 31, 2015 the Bancorp maintained a reserve of $2 million related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio which was
included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in the reserve was due primarily to the decrease in outstanding exposure associated with the termination of the reinsurance agreement discussed previously. During
2009, the Bancorp suspended the practice of providing reinsurance of PMI for newly originated mortgage loans.    The Bancorp has
performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events provided in certain contractual arrangements, including residential mortgage loans sold with representation and warranty provisions or credit recourse. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on guarantees and contingent liabilities.      Transactions with
Non-consolidated VIEs      The Bancorp engages in a variety of activities that involve VIEs, which are legal entities that lack
sufficient equity to finance their activities, or the equity investors of the entities as a group lack any of the characteristics of a controlling interest. The investments in those entities in which the Bancorp was determined not to be the primary
beneficiary but holds a variable interest in the entity are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or other accounting standards as appropriate and not consolidated. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on non-consolidated VIEs.  
      59  

Table of Contents  

     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk (Item 3)   
     Information presented in the Market
Risk Management section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is incorporated herein by reference.  
    Controls and Procedures (Item 4)   
     The Bancorp conducted an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of the Bancorp s management, including the Bancorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Bancorp s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Bancorp files
and submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and information is accumulated and communicated to the Bancorp s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Bancorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, because of deficiencies in the Bancorp s policies and procedures relating to the registration of, and prospectus delivery with respect to, the
Bancorp s employee benefit plans as described in Part II, Item 2 (Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds).    The
Bancorp s management also conducted an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, there has been no such change during the period covered by this report.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

   Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (Item 1)   
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited)       

(j)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheet was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $34 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information refer to Note 3.      
  Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      61  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (continued)   
       
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited)   
   
    Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      62  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (continued)   
       
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited)   
   
    Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      63  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (continued)   
       
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (unaudited)   

Refer to the
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      64  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes (continued)   
       
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)   
   
    Refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 2 contains cash payments related to
interest and income taxes in addition to non-cash investing and financing activities.   
      65  

Table of Contents  

   Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      1. Basis of Presentation   
 The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries and VIEs in which the
Bancorp has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which the Bancorp has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee, but upon which
the Bancorp does not possess control, are accounted for by the equity method and not consolidated. Those entities in which the Bancorp does not have the ability to exercise significant influence are generally carried at the lower of cost or fair
value. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.    In the opinion of management, the unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements include all adjustments, which consist of normal recurring accruals, necessary to present fairly the results for the periods presented. In accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial
information, these statements do not include certain information and footnote disclosures required for complete annual financial statements and it is suggested that these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements be read in conjunction with the
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the cash flows and changes in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Financial information as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     2. Supplemental Cash Flow
Information    Cash payments related to interest and income taxes in addition to non-cash investing and financing activities are
presented in the following table for the nine months ended September 30:      
    3. Accounting and Reporting Developments   
   Revenue from Contracts with Customers    
 In May 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance on revenue recognition from contracts with customers. The standard outlines a single
comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most contract revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle of the amended guidance is
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amended
guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within the reporting period, and should be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with
the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments recognized at the date of initial application. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim reporting periods within those
fiscal years. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Subsequently, the FASB has issued additional guidance to clarify certain implementation issues. Specifically, the FASB issued updates
regarding Principal versus Agent Considerations, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing and Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients in March, April and May 2016, respectively. These amendments do not change the core principle
in Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and the effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are consistent with those in Topic 606.  
   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of the Award Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
     In June 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance which clarifies that a performance target that affects vesting and can be achieved
after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The amended guidance provides that an entity should apply existing guidance as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards.
As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should
represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable of being achieved before the end of the requisite service period, the remaining
unrecognized compensation cost should be recognized prospectively over the remaining requisite service period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should reflect the number of awards that
are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. The requisite service period ends when the employee can cease rendering service and still be eligible to vest in the award if the performance target is
achieved.  
      66  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

The amended guidance was effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The amended guidance
may be adopted either prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the
financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying the amended guidance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements
should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance prospectively on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements.      Measuring the Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized Financing Entity    
 In August 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance that provides an alternative to ASC Topic 820: Fair Value Measurement for measuring the
financial assets and financial liabilities of a CFE, such as a collateralized debt obligation or a collateralized loan obligation entity consolidated as a VIE when a) all of the financial assets and the financial liabilities of that CFE are measured
at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and b) the changes in the fair values of those financial assets and financial liabilities are reflected in earnings. If elected, the measurement alternative would allow the Bancorp to
measure both the financial assets and the financial liabilities of the CFE by using the more observable of the fair value of the financial assets or the fair value of the financial liabilities and to eliminate any measurement difference. When the
measurement alternative is not elected for a consolidated CFE within the scope of this amended guidance, the amendments clarify that 1) the fair value of the financial assets and the fair value of the financial liabilities of the consolidated CFE
should be measured using the requirements of Topic 820 and 2) any difference in the fair value of the financial assets and the fair value of the financial liabilities of that consolidated CFE should be reflected in earnings and attributed to the
Bancorp in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The amended guidance may be applied retrospectively or through a modified retrospective approach and was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2015. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share is More Akin to Debt or Equity    
 In November 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance that clarifies how current U.S. GAAP should be interpreted in evaluating the economic
characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded
derivative features being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of the host contract. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that no single term or feature would necessarily determine the economic characteristics and risks of the host
contract. Rather, the nature of the host contract depends upon the economic characteristics and risks of the entire hybrid financial instrument. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The effects of initially adopting the amended guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective basis to existing hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share as of
the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amendments are effective and shall be reported as a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on
January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      Simplifying Income Statement
Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items      In January 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance that eliminates
the concept of extraordinary items from U.S. GAAP. Previously, an event or transaction was presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of a reporting entity unless evidence clearly supported its classification as an extraordinary item, which had
to be both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. An entity was required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from
continuing operations. An entity was also required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings per share data applicable to the extraordinary item. The presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual
in nature or occur infrequently will be retained and will be expanded to include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amended guidance may be applied prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented
in the financial statements. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance prospectively on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis    
 In February 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance that changes the analysis a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amended guidance 1) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs or voting interest entities; 2) eliminates the presumption that a general partner should
consolidate a limited partnership; 3) affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and 4) provides a scope exception from
consolidation guidance for reporting entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. The amended
guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The amended guidance may be applied using either a retrospective approach or a modified
retrospective approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.      Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs    
 In April 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to address the different balance sheet presentation requirements for debt issuance costs and
debt discounts and premiums. The amended guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt
discounts.  
      67  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amended guidance. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The amended guidance should be applied retrospectively, wherein the balance sheet of each individual
period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the amended guidance. Upon adoption on January 1, 2016, the Bancorp reclassified approximately $34 million of debt issuance costs from other assets to a
direct deduction from long-term debt in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an
Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets      In April 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance intended to simplify
an entity s measurement of the fair value of plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other postretirement benefit plan when the fiscal year-end does not coincide with a month end. For an entity with a fiscal year-end that does not coincide
with a month-end, the amended guidance provides a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity s fiscal year-end and apply that practical
expedient consistently from year to year. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The amended guidance should be
applied prospectively. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have an impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as the Bancorp s fiscal year-end coincides with a month-end.  
   Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement    
 In April 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance on a customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. Under the
amended guidance, if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing
arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2015, with early adoption permitted. The amended guidance may be applied either prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date, or retrospectively. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance
prospectively on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      Disclosures
for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share      In May 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to
remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The amended guidance also removes the requirement to make certain
disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value
using that practical expedient. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The amended guidance should be applied retrospectively to all periods
presented. The retrospective approach requires that an investment for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient be removed from the fair value hierarchy in all periods presented in an entity s
financial statements. Earlier application is permitted. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-Of-Credit Agreements    
 In August 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance about the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line
of credit arrangements. Given the absence of authoritative guidance for debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements within ASU 2015-03, the amended guidance provides that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and
presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement, regardless of whether there were any outstanding borrowings on the line of credit
arrangement. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The amended guidance should be applied retrospectively, wherein the balance sheet of each individual
period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the amendments. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1,
2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      Simplifying the Accounting for
Measurement-Period Adjustments      In September 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to simplify the accounting for adjustments
made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The amended guidance eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments and requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are
identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer shall record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation,
amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amended guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face
of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized
as of the acquisition date. The amended guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued.
The amended guidance should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of the amended guidance. The Bancorp adopted the amended guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have an
impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      68  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
    Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities    
 In January 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to improve certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
financial instruments. Specifically, the amendments significantly revise an entity s accounting related to 1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities, 2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for
financial liabilities measured at fair value, and 3) certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The amendments require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. However, an entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at
cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes as a result of an observable price change. The amendments also simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments for which fair value is not readily determinable by requiring an entity to
perform a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. If qualitative indicators are identified, the entity will be required to measure the investment at fair value. For financial liabilities that an entity has elected to measure at fair value,
the amendments require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the change in fair value that results from a change in instrument-specific credit risk. For public business entities, the amendments 1) eliminate the
requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost and 2) require, for disclosure purposes, the use of an exit price notion in the determination of the
fair value of financial instruments. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Upon adoption, the Bancorp will be required to make a cumulative-effect
adjustment to the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The guidance on equity securities without a readily determinable fair value will be applied prospectively to all equity investments that
exist as of the date of adoption of the standard. Early adoption of the amendments is not permitted with the exception of the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value for which early application is
permitted. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Accounting for Leases      In
February 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that establishes a new accounting model for leases. The amended guidance requires lessees to record lease liabilities on the lessees balance sheets along with corresponding right-of-use assets for all
leases with terms longer than twelve months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the lessee s statements of income. From a lessor perspective, the
accounting model is largely unchanged, except that the amended guidance includes certain targeted improvements to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and the revenue recognition guidance in ASC Topic 606. The
amendments also modify disclosure requirements for an entity s lease arrangements. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The amendments should be applied to each prior reporting period presented using a modified retrospective approach, although the amended guidance contains certain transition relief provisions that, among other things, permit an entity to
elect not to reassess the classification of leases which existed or expired as of the date the amendments are effective. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.      Recognition of Breakage on Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to permit proportional derecognition of the liability for unused funds on certain prepaid
stored-value products (known as breakage) to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. The amendments do not apply to any prepaid stored-value products that are attached
to a segregated customer deposit account, or products for which unused funds are subject to unclaimed property remittance laws. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15,
2017, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied retrospectively to all comparable periods presented in the year of adoption. Entities may also elect a modified retrospective application by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which the guidance is effective. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to clarify that a change in counterparty in a derivative contract does not, in and of itself,
represent a change in critical terms that would require discontinuation of hedge accounting provided that other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied prospectively. However, entities may elect to apply a modified retrospective approach to redesignate hedges that were derecognized in a prior period
presented in the financial statements because of a novation. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to clarify the requirements for determining when contingent put and call options embedded in
debt instruments should be bifurcated from the debt instrument and accounted for separately as derivatives. A four-step decision sequence should be followed in determining whether such options are clearly and closely related to the economic
characteristics and risks of the debt instrument, which determines whether bifurcation is necessary. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early
adoption permitted, and should be applied on a modified retrospective basis for debt instruments existing as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amendments are effective. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact
of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      69  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
    Simplifying Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as
a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect
during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held
interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting, eliminating the requirement to retrospectively apply the equity method of accounting back to the date of the initial
investment. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied prospectively to increases in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Accounting for Share-Based Payments to Employees    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance simplifying the accounting for share-based compensation paid to employees. The amended
guidance 1) requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies on share-based payments to employees to be recognized directly to income tax expense or benefit in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements; 2) requires excess tax benefits to be
included as operating activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; 3) provides entities with the option of making an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures of share-based payments as they occur instead of
estimating the awards expected to be forfeited; and 4) changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification to permit withholdings up to the maximum statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction. In addition, excess tax benefits and
tax deficiencies are considered discrete items in the reporting period they occur and are not included in the estimate of an entity s annual effective tax rate. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The majority of the amendments should be applied using a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the
fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows may be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating
the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.      Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
     In June 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that establishes a new approach to estimate credit losses on certain types of
financial instruments. The new approach changes the impairment model for most financial assets, and will require the use of an  expected credit loss  model for financial instruments measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments,
including trade and other receivables, loans, debt securities, net investments in leases, and off-balance-sheet credit exposures (such as loan commitments, standby letters of credit, and financial guarantees not accounted for as insurance). This
model requires entities to estimate the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis that the entity does not expect to collect. This allowance is deducted from the
financial asset s amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected. The new expected credit loss model will also apply to purchased financial assets with credit deterioration, superseding current accounting guidance for
such assets. The amended guidance also amends the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities, requiring entities to determine whether all or a portion of the unrealized loss on such securities is a credit loss, and also eliminating the
option for management to consider the length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position as a factor in concluding whether or not a credit loss exists. The amended model states that an entity will recognize an allowance for credit
losses on available-for-sale debt securities as a contra account to the amortized cost basis, instead of a direct reduction of the amortized cost basis of the investment, as under current guidance. As a result, entities will recognize improvements
to estimated credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities immediately in earnings as opposed to in interest income over time. There are also additional disclosure requirements included in this guidance. The amended guidance is effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019 and is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments recognized in retained earnings at the
date of initial application. However, certain provisions of the guidance are only required to be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods
within those years. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Classification of Certain Items in Statements of Cash Flows    
 In August 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to clarify the classification of certain items with an entity s statements of cash
flows. These items include debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the
settlement of BOLI policies, distributions received from equity method investees, and beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The amended guidance also specifies how to address classification of cash receipts and payments that have
aspects of more than one class of cash flows. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied on a retrospective
basis unless it is impractical to do so. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      70  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
    Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory    
 In October 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer
of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Current U.S. GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The amended guidance is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and is applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained
earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which the guidance is effective. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   Accounting for Interests Held Through Related Parties That Are Under Common Control    
 In October 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that changes the accounting for the consolidation of variable interest entities in certain
situations involving entities under common control. Specifically, the amendments change how the indirect interests held through related parties that are under common control should be included in a reporting entity s evaluation of whether it is
a primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. Under the amended guidance, the reporting entity is only required to include the indirect interests held through related parties that are under common control in a variable interest entity on a
proportionate basis. Currently, the indirect interests held by the related parties that are under common control are considered to be the equivalent of direct interests in their entirety. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      71  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   4. Investment Securities   
 The following tables provide the amortized cost, fair value and unrealized gains and losses for the major categories of the available-for-sale
and other and held-to-maturity investment securities portfolios as of:      

(a)  
    Includes interest-only mortgage-backed securities of    $      33      
   as of    September 30, 2016   , recorded at fair value with fair value changes recorded in securities gains, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Equity securities consist of FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings of    $248   ,
   $357    and    $1   , respectively, at    September 30, 2016   , that are carried at cost, and certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.      

(a)  
    Includes interest-only mortgage-backed securities of $50 as of December 31, 2015, recorded at fair value
with fair value changes recorded in securities gains, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Equity securities consist of FHLB, FRB and DTCC restricted stock holdings of $248, $355, and $1,
respectively, at December 31, 2015, that are carried at cost, and certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.      
 The following table presents realized gains and losses that were recognized in income from available-for-sale securities:  

(a)  
    Excludes net gains on interest-only mortgage-backed securities of an immaterial amount and net losses of
   $      8    for the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016   , respectively, and net losses on interest-only mortgage-backed securities of $7 and $4 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively.           The
following table provides a summary of OTTI by security type:      

(a)  
    Included in securities gains, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.
     
      72  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  Trading securities were $431 million as of September 30, 2016, compared to $386 million at
December 31, 2015. The following table presents total gains and losses that were recognized in income from trading securities:      

(a)  
    Includes realized gains of    $      1          and
   $      6          for the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016   , respectively, and $1 and $3 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively,
recorded in corporate banking revenue and wealth and asset management revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Includes realized losses of    $      1          and
   $      7    for the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016   , respectively, and $2 and $7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, recorded in corporate
banking revenue and wealth and asset management revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(c)  
    Includes an immaterial amount of net unrealized losses during the three months ended    September 30,
2016    and an immaterial amount of net unrealized gains during the nine months ended    September 30, 2016    and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, recorded in corporate banking revenue and wealth and asset
management revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.        At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, securities with a fair value of $9.3 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits, trust funds, derivative contracts and for other purposes as required or permitted by law.  
 The expected maturity distribution of the Bancorp s mortgage-backed securities and the contractual maturity distribution of the
remainder of the Bancorp s available-for-sale and other and held-to-maturity investment securities as of September 30, 2016 are shown in the following table:      

(a)  
    Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities when a right to call or prepay obligations exists
with or without call or prepayment penalties.        The following table provides the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on available-for-sale and other securities in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of:  
   
   At September 30, 2016, 2% of unrealized losses in the available-for-sale and other securities portfolio were
represented by non-rated securities, compared to 1% at December 31, 2015.  
      73  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   5. Loans and Leases   
 The Bancorp diversifies its loan and lease portfolio by offering a variety of loan and lease products with various payment terms and rate
structures. Lending activities are generally concentrated within those states in which the Bancorp has banking centers and are primarily located in the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the U.S.. The Bancorp s commercial loan portfolio
consists of lending to various industry types. Management periodically reviews the performance of its loan and lease products to evaluate whether they are performing within acceptable interest rate and credit risk levels and changes are made to
underwriting policies and procedures as needed. The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. For further information on credit quality and the ALLL, refer to Note 6.  
 The following table provides a summary of commercial loans and leases classified by primary purpose and consumer loans and leases classified
based upon product or collateral as of:      
   Total portfolio loans and leases are recorded net of unearned income, which totaled $529 million as of
September 30, 2016 and $624 million as of December 31, 2015. Additionally, portfolio loans and leases are recorded net of unamortized premiums and discounts, deferred loan fees and costs and fair value adjustments (associated with acquired loans or
loans designated at fair value upon origination) which totaled a net premium of $234 million and $220 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 The Bancorp s FHLB and FRB advances are generally secured by loans. The Bancorp had loans of $13.1 billion and $11.9 billion at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, pledged at the FHLB, and loans of $33.3 billion and $33.7 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, pledged at the FRB.  
      74  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following table presents a summary of the total loans and leases owned by the Bancorp as
of:      
   The following table presents a summary of net charge-offs (recoveries):  

75  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   6. Credit Quality and the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses   
 The Bancorp disaggregates ALLL balances and transactions in the ALLL by portfolio segment. Credit quality related disclosures for loans and
leases are further disaggregated by class.      Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses    
 The following tables summarize transactions in the ALLL by portfolio segment:  

(b)  
    Excludes    $      149          of residential mortgage loans
measured at fair value, and includes    $      725    of leveraged leases, net of unearned income at    September 30, 2016   .      

(c)  
    Includes five restructured loans at    September 30, 2016    associated with a consolidated
VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with a recorded investment of    $      27    and an ALLL of    $      18   .
     
      76  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(b)  
    Excludes $167 of residential mortgage loans measured at fair value, and includes $801 of leveraged leases,
net of unearned income at December 31, 2015.      

(c)  
    Includes five restructured loans at December 31, 2015 associated with a consolidated VIE in which the
Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with a recorded investment of $27 and an ALLL of $15.      
  CREDIT RISK PROFILE       Commercial Portfolio Segment
     For purposes of analyzing historical loss rates used in the determination of the ALLL and monitoring the credit quality and risk
characteristics of its commercial portfolio segment, the Bancorp disaggregates the segment into the following classes: commercial and industrial, commercial mortgage owner-occupied, commercial mortgage nonowner-occupied, commercial construction and
commercial leases.    To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality within the commercial portfolio segment, and for purposes of analyzing
historical loss rates used in the determination of the ALLL for the commercial portfolio segment, the Bancorp utilizes the following categories of credit grades: pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. The five categories, which are
derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval of credit to borrowers and updated periodically thereafter.  
 Pass ratings, which are assigned to those borrowers that do not have identified potential or well defined weaknesses and for which there is a
high likelihood of orderly repayment, are updated at least annually based on the size and credit characteristics of the borrower. All other categories are updated on a quarterly basis during the month preceding the end of the calendar quarter.  
 The Bancorp assigns a special mention rating to loans and leases that have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close
attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may, at some future date, result in the deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or lease or the Bancorp s credit position. 
 The Bancorp assigns a substandard rating to loans and leases that are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity
of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. Substandard loans and leases have well defined weaknesses or weaknesses that could jeopardize the orderly repayment of the debt. Loans and leases in this grade also are characterized by the distinct
possibility that the Bancorp will sustain some loss if the deficiencies noted are not addressed and corrected.    The Bancorp assigns a
doubtful rating to loans and leases that have all the attributes of a substandard rating with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values,
highly questionable and improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonable specific pending factors that may work to the advantage of and strengthen the credit quality of the loan or lease, its
classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. Pending factors may include a proposed merger or acquisition, liquidation proceeding, capital injection, perfecting liens on additional collateral or
refinancing plans.    Loans and leases classified as loss are considered uncollectible and are charged-off in the period in which they are
determined to be uncollectible. Because loans and leases in this category are fully charged-off, they are not included in the following tables.  
 The following tables summarize the credit risk profile of the Bancorp s commercial portfolio segment, by class:  

77  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Residential Mortgage and Consumer Portfolio Segments    
 For purposes of monitoring the credit quality and risk characteristics of its consumer portfolio segment, the Bancorp disaggregates the
segment into the following classes: home equity, automobile loans, credit card and other consumer loans and leases. The Bancorp s residential mortgage portfolio segment is also a separate class.  
 The Bancorp considers repayment performance as the best indicator of credit quality for residential mortgage and consumer loans, which
includes both the delinquency status and performing versus nonperforming status of the loans. The delinquency status of all residential mortgage and consumer loans is presented by class in the age analysis section while the performing versus
nonperforming status is presented in the following table. Refer to the nonaccrual loans and leases section of Note 1 in the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional delinquency and nonperforming
information.    The following table presents a summary of the Bancorp s residential mortgage and consumer portfolio segments, by
class, disaggregated into performing versus nonperforming status as of:      
 
     Age Analysis of Past Due Loans
and Leases      The following tables summarize the Bancorp s recorded investment in portfolio loans and leases, by age and class:

(b)  
    Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose repayments
are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of    September 30, 2016   ,    $      112          of these loans were 30-89 days past due and
   $      287    were 90 days or more past due. The Bancorp recognized    $      2          and    $      5    of losses   
   during the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016   , respectively, due to claim denials and curtailments associated with these insured or guaranteed loans.      

(c)  
    Includes accrual and nonaccrual loans and leases.      
      78  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(b)  
    Information includes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements for GNMA mortgage pools whose repayments
are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. As of December 31, 2015, $102 of these loans were 30-89 days past due and $335 were 90 days or more past due. The Bancorp recognized $2 and $6 of losses during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively, due to claim denials and curtailments associated with these insured or guaranteed loans.      

(c)  
    Includes accrual and nonaccrual loans and leases.      
   Impaired Portfolio Loans and Leases    
 Larger commercial loans and leases included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit probable or
observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp also performs an individual review on loans and leases that are restructured in a TDR. The Bancorp considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of
any guarantees, the loan structure and other factors when evaluating whether an individual loan or lease is impaired. Other factors may include the geography and industry of the borrower, size and financial condition of the borrower, cash flow and
leverage of the borrower, and the Bancorp s evaluation of the borrower s management. Smaller-balance homogenous loans or leases that are collectively evaluated for impairment are not included in the following tables.  
 The following tables summarize the Bancorp s impaired portfolio loans and leases, by class, that were subject to individual review,
which includes all portfolio loans and leases restructured in a TDR:      

(b)  
    Excludes five restructured loans at    September 30, 2016    associated with a consolidated
VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with an unpaid principal balance of    $      27   , a recorded investment of
   $      27    and an ALLL of    $      18   .     
      79  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(b)  
    Excludes five restructured loans at December 31, 2015 associated with a consolidated VIE in which the
Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with an unpaid principal balance of $27, a recorded investment of $27 and an ALLL of $15.      
 The following tables summarize the Bancorp s average impaired portfolio loans and leases, by class, and interest income, by class:  

(a)  
    Excludes five restructured loans associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing
credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with an average recorded investment of    $      27    and an immaterial amount of interest income recognized for both the three and nine months ended
   September 30, 2016   .      
      80  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Excludes five restructured loans associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing
credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party, with an average recorded investment of $28 and an immaterial amount of interest income recognized for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.
         Nonperforming Assets    
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of the principal and/or interest
is uncertain; restructured commercial and credit card loans which have not yet met the requirements to be classified as a performing asset; restructured consumer loans which are 90 days past due based on the restructured terms unless the loan is
both well-secured and in the process of collection; and certain other assets, including OREO and other repossessed property.    The
following table presents the Bancorp s nonaccrual loans and leases, by class, and OREO and other repossessed property as of:      

(a)  
    Nonaccrual portfolio loans and leases at    September 30, 2016    were adjusted by
   $15    to reflect the identification of certain commercial and industrial loans as nonaccrual after the Bancorp s Form 8-K was filed on October 20, 2016.      

(b)  
    Excludes    $      20    of restructured nonaccrual loans at both
   September 30, 2016    and December 31, 2015 associated with a consolidated VIE in which the Bancorp has no continuing credit risk due to the risk being assumed by a third party.      
 
   The
Bancorp s recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction was $245 million and
$303 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      Troubled Debt Restructurings    
 If a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, the Bancorp may consider, in certain circumstances, modifying the terms of their loan to
maximize collection of amounts due. Within each of the Bancorp s loan classes, TDRs typically involve either a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan, an extension of the loan s maturity date with a stated rate lower than the
current market rate for a new loan with similar risk, or in limited circumstances, a reduction of the principal balance of the loan or the loan s accrued interest. Modifying the terms of a loan may result in an increase or decrease to the ALLL
depending upon the terms modified, the method used to measure the ALLL for a loan prior to modification, and whether any charge-offs were recorded on the loan before or at the time of modification. Refer to the ALLL section of Note 1 in the
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for information on the Bancorp s ALLL methodology. Upon modification of a loan, the Bancorp measures the related impairment as the difference between the estimated
future cash flows expected to be collected on the modified loan, discounted at the original effective yield of the loan, and the carrying value of the loan.  
      81  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

The resulting measurement may result in the need for minimal or no allowance because it is probable that all cash flows will be collected under the modified terms of the loan. In addition, if the
stated interest rate was increased in a TDR, the cash flows on the modified loan, using the pre-modification interest rate as the discount rate, often exceed the recorded investment of the loan. Conversely, upon a modification that reduces the
stated interest rate on a loan, the Bancorp recognizes an impairment loss as an increase to the ALLL. If a TDR involves a reduction of the principal balance of the loan or the loan s accrued interest, that amount is charged off to the ALLL.
   As of September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had $80 million and $57 million in line of credit and letter of credit commitments, respectively,
compared to $39 million and $23 million in line of credit and letter of credit commitments as of December 31, 2015, respectively, to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms have been modified in a TDR.  
 The following tables provide a summary of loans and leases, by class, modified in a TDR by the Bancorp during the three months ended:  

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.      

(b)  
    Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.      

(b)  
    Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
       The following tables provide a summary of loans and leases, by class, modified in a TDR by the Bancorp during the
nine months ended:      

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.      

(b)  
    Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
     
      82  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality which were
accounted for within a pool.      

(b)  
    Represents number of loans post-modification and excludes loans previously modified in a TDR.
       The Bancorp considers TDRs that become 90 days or more past due under the modified terms as subsequently
defaulted. For commercial loans not subject to individual review for impairment, loss rates that are applied for purposes of determining the ALLL include historical losses associated with subsequent defaults on loans previously modified in a
TDR. For consumer loans, the Bancorp performs a qualitative assessment of the adequacy of the consumer ALLL by comparing the consumer ALLL to forecasted consumer losses over the projected loss emergence period (the forecasted losses include the
impact of subsequent defaults of consumer TDRs). When a residential mortgage, home equity, automobile or other consumer loan that has been modified in a TDR subsequently defaults, the present value of expected cash flows used in the measurement
of the potential impairment loss is generally limited to the expected net proceeds from the sale of the loan s underlying collateral and any resulting impairment loss is reflected as a charge-off or an increase in ALLL. The Bancorp recognizes
ALLL for the entire balance of the credit card loans modified in a TDR that subsequently default.    The following tables provide a summary
of TDRs that subsequently defaulted during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and were within twelve months of the restructuring date:      

September 30, 2016 ($ in millions)      (a)        
    
 Number of Contracts 

Recorded   Investment 

Commercial loans and leases:  

Commercial and industrial loans  

1  

$  
  1           

Commercial leases  

2  

1           

Residential mortgage loans  

41  

6           

Consumer loans:  

Home equity  

3  

-           

Credit card  

458  

2           

Total portfolio loans and leases  

505  

$  
                      10        

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality.

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality.
       The following tables provide a summary of TDRs that subsequently defaulted during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 and were within twelve months of the restructuring date:      

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality.
     
      83  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Excludes all loans and leases held for sale and loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality.
        7. Bank Premises and Equipment   
 The following table provides a summary of bank premises and equipment as of:  

The Bancorp monitors changing customer preferences associated with the channels it uses for banking transactions to evaluate the efficiency,
competitiveness and quality of the customer service experience in its consumer distribution network. As part of this ongoing assessment, the Bancorp may determine that it is no longer fully committed to maintaining full-service branches at certain
of its existing banking center locations. Similarly, the Bancorp may also determine that it is no longer fully committed to building banking centers on certain parcels of land which had previously been held for future branch expansion.  
 On June 16, 2015, the Bancorp s Board of Directors authorized management to pursue a plan to further develop its distribution strategy,
including a plan to consolidate and/or sell certain operating branch locations and certain parcels of undeveloped land that had been acquired by the Bancorp for future branch expansion (the  Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan ). In
addition, the Bancorp announced on September 13, 2016 that it had identified an additional 44 branch locations and 5 parcels of undeveloped land that it planned to consolidate or sell.  
 On January 29, 2016, the Bancorp closed the previously announced sale in the St. Louis MSA to Great Southern Bank and recorded a gain on the
sale of $8 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, on April 22, 2016, the Bancorp closed the previously announced sale in the Pittsburgh MSA to First National Bank of
Pennsylvania and recorded a gain on the sale of $11 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Both transactions were part of the Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Bancorp had 72 branch locations and 37 parcels of undeveloped land that had been acquired for future branch
expansion that it intended to consolidate or sell. These branch locations and parcels of undeveloped land, which include unsold properties from the Branch Consolidation and Sales Plan as well as properties included in the September 13, 2016
announcement, represent $45 million, $17 million and $2 million of land and improvements, buildings and equipment, respectively, included in bank premises and equipment in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, of which
$34 million, $10 million and $1 million, respectively, were classified as held for sale.    The Bancorp performs assessments of the
recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. Impairment losses associated with such assessments and lower of cost or market adjustments were $28 million and
$31 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $2 million and $104 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The recognized impairment losses were recorded in other
noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
      84  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  On September 29, 2016, the Bancorp closed on the sale of an office complex. The sale also
included all of the Bancorp s rights, title and interest as a landlord under existing leases in the complex. Under the terms of the transaction, the Bancorp received proceeds of approximately $31 million and entered into a lease agreement
whereby the Bancorp leased-back approximately 25% of the office complex. In conjunction with the transaction, which qualified as a sale-leaseback under U.S. GAAP, the Bancorp retired assets with a net book value of approximately $10 million,
recognized a deferred gain of $10 million, which will be amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the 15 year lease term, and recorded a gain on the transaction of $11 million which was recorded in other noninterest income in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income.     8. Goodwill   
 Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically include the acquisition of goodwill. Acquisition activity includes acquisitions in
the respective period in addition to purchase accounting adjustments related to previous acquisitions. During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp determined that the Commercial Banking and Consumer Lending reporting units  goodwill carrying
amounts exceeded their associated implied fair values by $750 million and $215 million, respectively. The resulting $965 million goodwill impairment charge was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008 and represents the total amount of accumulated
impairment losses as of September 30, 2016.    Changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill, by reporting unit, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
   The Bancorp completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2016 by performing a
qualitative assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level to determine whether any indicators of impairment existed. In performing this qualitative assessment, the Bancorp evaluated events and circumstances since the last impairment analysis,
macroeconomic conditions, banking industry and market conditions and key financial metrics of the Bancorp as well as reporting unit and overall Bancorp financial performance. After assessing the totality of the events and circumstances, the Bancorp
determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair values of the Commercial Banking, Branch Banking and Wealth and Asset Management reporting units were less than their respective carrying amounts and, therefore, the first and second
steps of the quantitative goodwill impairment test were deemed unnecessary.     9. Intangible Assets   
 Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles, customer lists, non-compete agreements and cardholder relationships. Intangible assets
are amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets have an estimated remaining weighted-average life at September 30, 2016 of 4.2 years.  
 The details of the Bancorp s intangible assets are shown in the following table:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, all of the Bancorp s intangible assets were being amortized. Amortization
expense recognized on intangible assets was immaterial and $1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1 million and $2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
Bancorp s projections of amortization expense shown below are based on existing asset balances as of September 30, 2016. Future amortization expense may vary from these projections.  
    Estimated amortization expense for the remainder of 2016 through
2020 is as follows:      
 
      85  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   10. Variable Interest Entities   
 The Bancorp, in the normal course of business, engages in a variety of activities that involve VIEs, which are legal entities that lack
sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support or the equity investors of the entities as a group lack any of the characteristics of a controlling interest. The Bancorp evaluates its interest in
certain entities to determine if these entities meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Bancorp is the primary beneficiary and should consolidate the entity based on the variable interests it held both at inception and when there is a change in
circumstances that requires a reconsideration. If the Bancorp is determined to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE, it must account for the VIE as a consolidated subsidiary. If the Bancorp is determined not to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE but
holds a variable interest in the entity, such variable interests are accounted for under the equity method of accounting or other accounting standards as appropriate.  
   Consolidated VIEs      The following
tables provide a summary of the classifications of consolidated VIE assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of:  

(a)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $6 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information refer to Note 3.      
  Automobile loan securitizations     In
securitization transactions that occurred during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Bancorp transferred an aggregate amount of $750 million and $3.8 billion, respectively, in consumer automobile loans to bankruptcy remote trusts which
were deemed to be VIEs. The primary purposes of the VIEs were to issue asset-backed securities with varying levels of credit subordination and payment priority, as well as residual interests, and to provide the Bancorp with access to liquidity for
its originated loans. The Bancorp retained residual interests in the VIEs and, therefore, has an obligation to absorb losses and a right to receive benefits from the VIEs that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. In addition, the Bancorp
retained servicing rights for the underlying loans and, therefore, holds the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIEs. As a result, the Bancorp concluded that it is the primary
beneficiary of the VIEs and, therefore, has consolidated these VIEs. The assets of the VIEs are restricted to the settlement of the asset-backed securities and other obligations of the VIEs. Third-party holders of the notes do not have recourse to
the general assets of the Bancorp.   The economic performance of the VIEs is most significantly impacted by the performance of the
underlying loans. The principal risks to which the VIEs are exposed include credit risk and prepayment risk. The credit and prepayment risks are managed through credit enhancements in the form of reserve accounts, overcollateralization, excess
interest on the loans and the subordination of certain classes of asset-backed securities to other classes.  
      86  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   CDC investments   
 CDC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, was created to invest in projects to create affordable housing, revitalize business
and residential areas and preserve historic landmarks. CDC generally co-invests with other unrelated companies and/or individuals and typically makes investments in a separate legal entity that owns the property under development. The entities are
usually formed as limited partnerships and LLCs and CDC typically invests as a limited partner/investor member in the form of equity contributions. The economic performance of the VIEs is driven by the performance of their underlying investment
projects as well as the VIEs  ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. The Bancorp s subsidiaries serve as the managing member of
certain LLCs invested in business revitalization projects and have the right to make decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of the LLCs. Additionally, the investor members do not own substantive kick-out rights or
substantive participating rights over the managing member. The Bancorp has provided an indemnification guarantee to the investor member of these LLCs related to the qualification of tax credits generated by the investor members  investment.
Accordingly, the Bancorp concluded that it is the primary beneficiary and, therefore, has consolidated these VIEs. As a result, the investor members  interests in these VIEs are presented as noncontrolling interests in the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation includes reporting separately the equity attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and
reporting separately the comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and the net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income. The Bancorp s maximum exposure related to these indemnifications at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $30 million and $27 million, respectively, which is based on an amount required to meet the investor
member s defined target rate of return.     Non-consolidated VIEs    
 The following tables provide a summary of assets and liabilities carried on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to
non-consolidated VIEs for which the Bancorp holds an interest, but is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE, as well as the Bancorp s maximum exposure to losses associated with its interests in the entities as of:  
   
    CDC investments   
 As noted previously, CDC typically invests in VIEs as a limited partner or investor member in the form of equity contributions and has no
substantive kick-out or substantive participating rights over the managing member. The Bancorp has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs because it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the
economic performance of the underlying project or the VIEs  ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. This power is held by the managing
members who exercise full and exclusive control of the operations of the VIEs. Accordingly, the Bancorp accounts for these investments under the equity method of accounting.  
 The Bancorp s funding requirements are limited to its invested capital and any additional unfunded commitments for future equity
contributions. The Bancorp s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the VIEs is limited to the carrying amounts of the investments, including the unfunded commitments. The carrying amounts of these investments, which are
included in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the liabilities related to the unfunded commitments, which are included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, are included in the previous tables
for all periods presented. The Bancorp has no other liquidity arrangements or obligations to purchase assets of the VIEs that would expose the Bancorp to a loss. In certain arrangements, the general partner/managing member of the VIE has guaranteed
a level of projected tax credits to be received by the limited partners/investor members, thereby minimizing a portion of the Bancorp s risk.  
 At both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp s CDC investments included $1.3 billion of investments in affordable
housing tax credits recognized in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unfunded commitments related to these investments were $329 million and $356 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The
unfunded commitments as of September 30, 2016 are expected to be funded from 2016 to 2033.  
      87  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The Bancorp has accounted for all of its investments in qualified affordable housing tax
credits using the equity method of accounting. The following table summarizes the impact to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income relating to investments in qualified affordable housing investments:  

(a)  
    The Bancorp did not recognize impairment losses resulting from the forfeiture or ineligibility of tax
credits or other circumstances during both the three and nine months ended    September 30, 2016    and 2015.      
  Private equity investments     The
Bancorp, through Fifth Third Capital Holdings, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp, invests as a limited partner in private equity investments which provide the Bancorp an opportunity to obtain higher rates of return on invested
capital, while also creating cross-selling opportunities for the Bancorp s commercial products. Each of the limited partnerships has an unrelated third-party general partner responsible for appointing the fund manager. The Bancorp has not been
appointed fund manager for any of these private equity investments. The funds finance primarily all of their activities from the partners  capital contributions and investment returns. The Bancorp has determined that it is not the primary
beneficiary of the funds because it does not have the obligation to absorb the funds  expected losses or the right to receive the funds  expected residual returns that could potentially be significant to the funds and lacks the power to
direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the funds. The Bancorp, as a limited partner, does not have substantive participating or substantive kick-out rights over the general partner. Therefore, the Bancorp
accounts for its investments in these limited partnerships under the equity method of accounting.    The Bancorp is exposed to losses
arising from the negative performance of the underlying investments in the private equity investments. As a limited partner, the Bancorp s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying amounts of the investments plus unfunded commitments.
The carrying amounts of these investments, which are included in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, are included in the previous tables. Also, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the unfunded commitment amounts to
the funds were $61 million and $60 million, respectively. As part of previous commitments, the Bancorp made capital contributions to private equity investments of an immaterial amount and $6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and $8 million and $28 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Bancorp recognized $9 million of OTTI primarily associated with certain nonconforming investments affected by the
Volcker Rule during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and no OTTI was recognized during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Refer to Note 22 for further information.  
  Loans provided to VIEs     The Bancorp has
provided funding to certain unconsolidated VIEs sponsored by third parties. These VIEs are generally established to finance certain consumer and small business loans originated by third parties. The entities are primarily funded through the issuance
of a loan from the Bancorp or a syndication through which the Bancorp is involved. The sponsor/administrator of the entities is responsible for servicing the underlying assets in the VIEs. Because the sponsor/administrator, not the Bancorp, holds
the servicing responsibilities, which include the establishment and employment of default mitigation policies and procedures, the Bancorp does not hold the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the
entity and, therefore, is not the primary beneficiary.    The principal risk to which these entities are exposed is credit risk related to
the underlying assets. The Bancorp s maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying amounts of the loans and unfunded commitments to the VIEs. The Bancorp s outstanding loans to these VIEs are included in commercial loans in Note 5. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp s unfunded commitments to these entities were $877 million and $969 million, respectively. The loans and unfunded commitments to these VIEs are included in the Bancorp s overall
analysis of the ALLL and reserve for unfunded commitments, respectively. The Bancorp does not provide any implicit or explicit liquidity guarantees or principal value guarantees to these VIEs.  
      88  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   11. Sales of Receivables and Servicing Rights   
   Residential Mortgage TDR Loan Sale    
 In March of 2015, the Bancorp recognized a $37 million gain, included in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income, on the sale of certain HFS residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of $568 million that were previously modified in a TDR. As part of this sale, the Bancorp provided certain standard representations and warranties which are expired.
Additionally, the Bancorp did not obtain servicing responsibilities on the sales of these loans and the investors have no credit recourse to the Bancorp s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due.  
   Residential Mortgage Loan Sales    
 The Bancorp sold fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. In
those sales, the Bancorp obtained servicing responsibilities and provided certain standard representations and warranties, however the investors have no recourse to the Bancorp s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp
receives annual servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. The Bancorp identifies classes of servicing assets based on financial asset type and interest rates.  
 Information related to residential mortgage loan sales and the Bancorp s mortgage banking activity, which is included in mortgage
banking net revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, is as follows:      

(a)  
    Represents the unpaid principal balance at the time of the sale.      

(b)  
    Excludes $568 of HFS residential mortgage loans previously modified in a TDR that were sold during the first
quarter of 2015.          Servicing Rights    
 The following table presents changes in the servicing rights related to residential mortgage and automobile loans for the nine months ended
September 30:      
   Amortization expense recognized on servicing rights for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $35 million and $37 million, respectively. For the nine months   ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, amortization expense was $96 million and $111 million, respectively. The Bancorp s projections of amortization expense shown below are
based on existing asset balances and static key economic assumptions as of September 30, 2016. Future amortization expense may vary from these projections.  
 Estimated amortization expense for the remainder of 2016 through 2020 is as follows:  
   
   Temporary impairment or impairment recovery, affected through a change in the MSR valuation allowance, is
captured as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in the value of the MSR
portfolio. This strategy may include the purchase of free-standing derivatives and various available-for-sale securities. The interest income, mark-to-market adjustments and gain or loss from sale activities associated with these portfolios are
expected to economically hedge a portion of the change in value of the MSR portfolio caused by fluctuating OAS spreads, earnings rates and prepayment speeds. The fair value of the servicing asset is based on the present value of expected future cash
flows. 
      89  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following table displays the beginning and ending fair value of the servicing rights for
the nine months ended September 30:      
   The following table presents activity related to valuations of the MSR portfolio and the impact of the
non-qualifying hedging strategy, which is included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income:      
   As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the key economic assumptions used in measuring the interests in
residential mortgage loans that continued to be held by the Bancorp at the date of sale or securitization resulting from transactions completed during the three months ended were as follows:  
   
   Based on historical credit experience, expected credit losses for residential mortgage loan servicing rights
have been deemed immaterial, as the Bancorp sold the majority of the underlying loans without recourse. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp serviced $54.6 billion and $59.0 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans
for other investors. The value of MSRs that continue to be held by the Bancorp is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the sold financial assets.  
 At September 30, 2016, the sensitivity of the current fair value of residual cash flows to immediate 10%, 20% and 50% adverse changes in
prepayment speed assumptions and immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in other assumptions are as follows:      

(a)  
    The impact of the weighted-average default rate on the current fair value of residual cash flows for all
scenarios is immaterial.        These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures
indicate, changes in fair value based on these variations in the assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. The Bancorp believes variations of
these levels are reasonably possible; however, there is the potential that adverse changes in key assumptions could be even greater. Also, in the previous table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the interests
that continue to be held by the Bancorp is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments), which
might magnify or counteract these sensitivities.  
      90  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   12. Derivative Financial Instruments   
 The Bancorp maintains an overall risk management strategy that incorporates the use of derivative instruments to reduce certain risks related
to interest rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. Additionally, the Bancorp holds derivative instruments for the benefit of its commercial customers and for other business purposes. The Bancorp does not enter into unhedged speculative
derivative positions.    The Bancorp s interest rate risk management strategy involves modifying the repricing characteristics of
certain financial instruments so that changes in interest rates do not adversely affect the Bancorp s net interest margin and cash flows. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy
include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, forward starting interest rate swaps, options and swaptions. Interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest payments, such as fixed-rate payments for
floating-rate payments, based on a stated notional amount and maturity date. Interest rate floors protect against declining rates, while interest rate caps protect against rising interest rates. Forward contracts are contracts in which the buyer
agrees to purchase, and the seller agrees to make delivery of, a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. Options provide the purchaser with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a contracted item during a
specified period at an agreed upon price. Swaptions are financial instruments granting the owner the right, but not the obligation, to enter into or cancel a swap.  
 Prepayment volatility arises mostly from changes in fair value of the largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio, mortgage loans and mortgage-backed
securities. The Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate floors, mortgage options, TBAs and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge prepayment volatility.
Principal-only swaps are total return swaps based on changes in the value of the underlying mortgage principal-only trust. TBAs are a forward purchase agreement for a mortgage-backed securities trade whereby the terms of the security are undefined
at the time the trade is made.    Foreign currency volatility occurs as the Bancorp enters into certain loans denominated in foreign
currencies. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts.  
 The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts, commodity contracts and interest rate contracts) for
the benefit of commercial customers and other business purposes. The Bancorp economically hedges significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with approved, reputable and
independent counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The Bancorp s exposure is limited to the replacement value of
the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. Credit risk is minimized through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and monitoring procedures.  
 The Bancorp s derivative assets include certain contractual features in which the Bancorp requires the counterparties to provide
collateral in the form of cash and securities to offset changes in the fair value of the derivatives, including changes in the fair value due to credit risk of the counterparty. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance of
collateral held by the Bancorp for derivative assets was $801 million and $821 million, respectively. The credit component negatively impacting the fair value of derivative assets associated with customer accommodation contracts as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 was $8 million and $9 million, respectively.    In measuring the fair value of derivative liabilities, the
Bancorp considers its own credit risk, taking into consideration collateral maintenance requirements of certain derivative counterparties and the duration of instruments with counterparties that do not require collateral maintenance. When necessary,
the Bancorp posts collateral primarily in the form of cash and securities to offset changes in fair value of the derivatives, including changes in fair value due to the Bancorp s credit risk. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
balance of collateral posted by the Bancorp for derivative liabilities was $555 million and $504 million, respectively. Certain of the Bancorp s derivative liabilities contain credit-risk related contingent features that could result in the
requirement to post additional collateral upon the occurrence of specified events. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of the additional collateral that could be required to be posted as a result of the credit-risk related
contingent features being triggered was immaterial to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   The posting of collateral has been determined to remove the need for further consideration of credit risk. As a result, the Bancorp
determined that the impact of the Bancorp s credit risk to the valuation of its derivative liabilities was immaterial to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The Bancorp holds certain derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting treatment and are designated as either fair value hedges
or cash flow hedges. Derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, or for which hedge accounting is not established, are held as free-standing derivatives. All customer accommodation derivatives are held as free-standing
derivatives.    The fair value of derivative instruments is presented on a gross basis, even when the derivative instruments are subject to
master netting arrangements. Derivative instruments with a positive fair value are reported in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets while derivative instruments with a negative fair value are reported in other liabilities in the
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash collateral payables and receivables associated with the derivative instruments are not added to or netted against the fair value amounts.  
      91  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following tables reflect the notional amounts and fair values for all derivative
instruments included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of:      
 
      92  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
    Fair Value Hedges    
 The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert its fixed-rate funding to floating-rate. Decisions to convert fixed-rate funding to
floating are made primarily through consideration of the asset/liability mix of the Bancorp, the desired asset/liability sensitivity and interest rate levels. For all interest rate swaps as of September 30, 2016, an assessment of hedge effectiveness
was performed using regression analysis and such swaps were accounted for using the  long-haul  method. The long-haul method requires a quarterly assessment of hedge effectiveness and measurement of ineffectiveness. For interest rate swaps
accounted for as a fair value hedge using the long-haul method, ineffectiveness is the difference between the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap and changes in fair value of the related hedged item attributable to the risk being
hedged. The ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps hedging fixed-rate funding is reported within interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 The following table reflects the change in fair value of interest rate contracts, designated as fair value hedges, as well as the change in
fair value of the related hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged, included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income:      
     Cash Flow Hedges    
 The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed rates or to hedge certain forecasted
transactions. The assets or liabilities may be grouped in circumstances where they share the same risk exposure that the Bancorp desires to hedge. The Bancorp may also enter into interest rate caps and floors to limit cash flow variability of
floating-rate assets and liabilities. As of September 30, 2016, all hedges designated as cash flow hedges were assessed for effectiveness using regression analysis. Ineffectiveness is generally measured as the amount by which the cumulative change
in the fair value of the hedging instrument exceeds the present value of the cumulative change in the hedged item s expected cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged. Ineffectiveness is reported within other noninterest income in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The effective portion of the cumulative gains or losses on cash flow hedges are reported within AOCI and are reclassified from AOCI to current period earnings when the forecasted transaction affects
earnings. As of September 30, 2016, the maximum length of time over which the Bancorp is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows is 39 months.  
 Reclassified gains and losses on interest rate contracts related to commercial and industrial loans are recorded within interest income in
the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $48 million and $22 million, respectively, of net deferred gains, net of tax, on cash flow hedges were recorded in AOCI in the Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $24 million in net deferred gains, net of tax, recorded in AOCI are expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months. This amount could differ from amounts actually
recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations, and the addition of other hedges subsequent to September 30, 2016.  
 During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no gains or losses reclassified from AOCI into earnings
associated with the discontinuance of cash flow hedges because it was probable that the original forecasted transaction would no longer occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within the additional period of time as defined by
U.S. GAAP.    The following table presents the pretax net gains (losses) recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and in
the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income relating to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges:      
     Free-Standing Derivative Instruments   Risk Management and Other Business Purposes    
 As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp may enter into various free-standing
derivatives (principal-only swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate floors, mortgage options, TBAs and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio. Principal-only swaps hedge the
mortgage-LIBOR spread because these swaps appreciate in value as a result of tightening spreads. Principal-only swaps also provide prepayment protection by increasing in value when prepayment speeds increase, as opposed to MSRs that lose value in a
faster prepayment environment. Receive fixed/pay floating interest rate swaps and swaptions increase in value when interest rates do not increase as quickly as expected.  
 The Bancorp enters into forward contracts and mortgage options to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage
loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. IRLCs issued on residential mortgage loan commitments that will be held for sale are also considered free-standing derivative instruments and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is
economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income.  
      93  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  In conjunction with the initial sale of the Bancorp s 51% interest in Vantiv Holding,
LLC, the Bancorp received a warrant which is accounted for as a free-standing derivative. Refer to Note 22 for further discussion of significant inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the warrant.  
 In conjunction with the initial sale of Visa, Inc. Class B shares in 2009, the Bancorp entered into a total return swap in which the Bancorp
will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Class B shares into Class A shares. This total return swap is accounted for as a free-standing derivative. Refer to Note 22 for further discussion of significant
inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of this instrument.    The net gains (losses) recorded in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income relating to free-standing derivative instruments used for risk management and other business purposes are summarized in the following table:      

Condensed Consolidated 

For the three months 

For the nine months 

Statements of 

ended September 30, 

ended September 30, 

($ in millions) 
    
 Income Caption 

2016   

2015   

2016   

2015   

Interest rate contracts:  

Forward contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale  
    
 Mortgage banking net revenue 
   
    $  

9     

(15)   

(10)    

(4)   

Interest rate contracts related to MSR portfolio  
    
 Mortgage banking net revenue 

(16)    

85    

133     

119    

Foreign exchange contracts:  

Foreign exchange contracts for risk management purposes  
    
 Other noninterest income 

2     

6    

(3)    

19    

Equity contracts:  

Stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC  
    
 Other noninterest income 

(2)    

130    

64     

215    

Swap associated with sale of Visa, Inc. Class B
shares  
    
 Other noninterest income 

(12)    

(8)   

(61)    

(27)   
     
     Free-Standing Derivative Instruments   Customer Accommodation    
 The majority of the free-standing derivative instruments the Bancorp enters into are for the benefit of its commercial customers. These
derivative contracts are not designated against specific assets or liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets or to forecasted transactions; and therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments include foreign exchange
derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and commodity contracts to hedge such items as natural gas and various other
derivative contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable and independent
counterparties with substantially matching terms. The Bancorp hedges its interest rate exposure on commercial customer transactions by executing offsetting swap agreements with primary dealers. Revaluation gains and losses on interest rate, foreign
exchange, commodity and other commercial customer derivative contracts are recorded as a component of corporate banking revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 The Bancorp enters into risk participation agreements, under which the Bancorp assumes credit exposure relating to certain underlying
interest rate derivative contracts. The Bancorp only enters into these risk participation agreements in instances in which the Bancorp has participated in the loan that the underlying interest rate derivative contract was designed to hedge. The
Bancorp will make payments under these agreements if a customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the terms of the underlying interest rate derivative contract. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total notional amount of
the risk participation agreements was $2.5 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively, and the fair value was a liability of $4 million and $3 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which is included in interest rate
contracts for customers. As of September 30, 2016, the risk participation agreements had a weighted-average remaining life of 2.9 years.  
 The Bancorp s maximum exposure in the risk participation agreements is contingent on the fair value of the underlying interest rate
derivative contracts in an asset position at the time of default. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with the underlying customers in the risk participation agreements through the same risk grading system currently utilized for
establishing loss reserves in its loan and lease portfolio.    Risk ratings of the notional amount of risk participation agreements under
this risk rating system are summarized in the following table as of:      
 
      94  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The net gains (losses) recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income relating
to free-standing derivative instruments used for customer accommodation are summarized in the following table:      

For the three months 

For the nine months 

Condensed Consolidated 

ended September 30, 

ended September 30, 

($ in millions) 
   
 Statements of Income Caption 

2016  

2015   

2016  

2015   

Interest rate contracts:  

Interest rate contracts for customers (contract revenue)  

Corporate banking revenue 

$  

5  

7    

17    

18    

Interest rate contracts for customers (credit losses)  

Other noninterest expense 

-  

-    

-     

(1)   

Interest rate contracts for customers (credit portion of fair value adjustment)  

Other noninterest expense 

1  

(1)   

(2)    

(1)   

Interest rate lock commitments  

Mortgage banking net revenue   

42  

38    

126     

90    

Commodity contracts:  

Commodity contracts for customers (contract revenue)  

Corporate banking revenue 

1  

1    

4     

4    

Commodity contracts for customers (credit losses)  

Other noninterest expense 

-  

-    

(1)    

(2)   

Commodity contracts for customers (credit portion of fair value adjustment)  

Other noninterest expense 

-  

-    

1     

6    

Foreign exchange contracts:  

Foreign exchange contracts for customers (contract revenue)  

Corporate banking revenue 

13  

17    

44     

55    

Foreign exchange contracts for customers (credit
losses)  

Other noninterest expense 

-  

-    

(2)    

-    
     
     Offsetting Derivative Financial Instruments    
 The Bancorp s derivative transactions are generally governed by ISDA Master Agreements and similar arrangements, which include provisions
governing the setoff of assets and liabilities between the parties. When the Bancorp has more than one outstanding derivative transaction with a single counterparty, the setoff provisions contained within these agreements generally allow the
non-defaulting party the right to reduce its liability to the defaulting party by amounts eligible for setoff, including the collateral received as well as eligible offsetting transactions with that counterparty, irrespective of the currency, place
of payment, or booking office. The Bancorp s policy is to present its derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis, even when provisions allowing for setoff are in place.  
 Collateral amounts included in the tables below consist primarily of cash and highly-rated government-backed securities.  
 The following tables provide a summary of offsetting derivative financial instruments:  

(a)  
    Amount does not include the stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC and IRLCs because these
instruments are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements.      

(b)  
    Amount of collateral received as an offset to asset positions or pledged as an offset to liability
positions. Collateral values in excess of related derivative amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were excluded from this table.      

(a)  
    Amount does not include the stock warrant associated with Vantiv Holding, LLC and IRLCs because these
instruments are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements.      

(b)  
    Amount of collateral received as an offset to asset positions or pledged as an offset to liability
positions. Collateral values in excess of related derivative amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were excluded from this table.      
      95  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   13. Other Short-Term Borrowings   
 Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are classified as short-term. The following table presents a summary of the
Bancorp s other short-term borrowings as of:      
   The Bancorp s securities sold under repurchase agreements are accounted for as secured borrowings and
are collateralized by securities included in available-for-sale and other securities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These securities are subject to changes in market value and, therefore, the Bancorp may increase or decrease the level
of securities pledged as collateral based upon these movements in market value.    The following table summarizes the Bancorp s
securities sold under repurchase agreements by the type of collateral securing the borrowing and remaining contractual maturity as of:      

($ in millions) 

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015 

Amount     

Remaining Contractual Maturity 

Amount     

Remaining Contractual     Maturity     

Type of collateral:  

Agency residential mortgage-backed securities  

$  

685  

Overnight  

646 

Overnight     

U.S. Treasury and federal agencies securities  

147  

Overnight  

279 

Overnight     

Total securities sold under repurchase agreements  

$  

832  

925 

14. Long-Term Debt   
 On March 15, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured bank notes. The bank notes consisted of
$750 million of 2.30% senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of three years, due on March 15, 2019; and $750 million of 3.85% subordinated fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of ten years, due on March 15, 2026. These bank notes will be redeemable
by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
 On June 14, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.3 billion of 2.25% unsecured senior fixed-rate notes, with a maturity of five years, due on
June 14, 2021. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up
to, but excluding, the redemption date.    On September 2, 2016, the Bank submitted a redemption notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent to
redeem $1.0 billion of 1.15% senior fixed-rate notes and $750 million of senior floating-rate notes at three-month LIBOR plus 51 bps. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the notes, the Bank redeemed the notes on October 19, 2016, which was 30
days prior to their scheduled maturity on November 18, 2016.    On September 27, 2016, the Bank issued and sold $1.0 billion in aggregate
principal amount of unsecured senior bank notes, with a maturity of three years, due on September 27, 2019. The bank notes consisted of $750 million of 1.625% senior fixed-rate notes and $250 million of senior floating-rate notes at three-month
LIBOR plus 59 bps. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate notes to a floating-rate, which resulted in an effective interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus 53 bps. These bank notes will be redeemable by the Bank, in
whole or in part, on or after the date that is 30 days prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
      96  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   15. Capital Actions   
   Accelerated Share Repurchase Transactions    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bancorp entered into or settled a number of accelerated share repurchase transactions. As
part of these transactions, the Bancorp entered into forward contracts in which the final number of shares delivered at settlement was based generally on a discount to the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp s common
stock during the term of these repurchase agreements. The accelerated share repurchases were treated as two separate transactions, (i) the acquisition of treasury shares on the repurchase date and (ii) a forward contract indexed to the
Bancorp s common stock.    The following table presents a summary of the Bancorp s accelerated share repurchase transactions that
were entered into or settled during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
     Open Market Share Repurchase Transactions    
 Between June 17, 2016 and June 20, 2016, the Bancorp repurchased 1,436,100 shares, or approximately $26 million, of its outstanding common
stock through open market repurchase transactions.     16. Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees   
 The Bancorp, in the normal course of business, enters into financial instruments and various agreements to meet the financing needs of its
customers. The Bancorp also enters into certain transactions and agreements to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks, provide funding, equipment and locations for its operations and invest in its communities. These instruments and agreements
involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk, counterparty risk and market risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The creditworthiness of counterparties for all instruments and agreements is
evaluated on a case-by-case basis in accordance with the Bancorp s credit policies. The Bancorp s significant commitments, contingent liabilities and guarantees in excess of the amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets are discussed in further detail below:      Commitments    
 The Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts. The following table reflects a summary of significant commitments
as of:      
    Commitments to extend credit   
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require
payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. The Bancorp is exposed to credit risk in the event of
nonperformance by the counterparty for the amount of the contract. Fixed-rate commitments are also subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and the Bancorp s exposure is limited to the replacement value of those
commitments. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp had a reserve for unfunded commitments, including letters of credit, totaling $162 million and $138 million, respectively, included in other liabilities in the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with commitments to extend credit using the same risk rating system utilized within its loan and lease portfolio.  
 Risk ratings under this risk rating system are summarized in the following table as of:  

97  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   Letters of credit   
 Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party and
expire as summarized in the following table as of September 30, 2016:      

(a)  
    Includes $15 and $3 issued on behalf of commercial customers to facilitate trade payments in U.S. dollars
and foreign currencies which expire less than 1 year and between 1 - 5 years, respectively.        Standby letters of
credit accounted for 99% of total letters of credit at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and are considered guarantees in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Approximately 63% and 65% of the total standby letters of credit were collateralized as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In the event of nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory,
receivables, cash and marketable securities. The reserve related to these standby letters of credit, which was included in the total reserve for unfunded commitments, was $3 million and immaterial, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with letters of credit using the same risk rating system utilized within its loan and lease portfolio.  
 Risk ratings under this risk rating system are summarized in the following table as of:  
   
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp had outstanding letters of credit that were
supporting certain securities issued as VRDNs. The Bancorp facilitates financing for its commercial customers, which consist of companies and municipalities, by marketing the VRDNs to investors. The VRDNs pay interest to holders at a rate of
interest that fluctuates based upon market demand. The VRDNs generally have long-term maturity dates, but can be tendered by the holder for purchase at par value upon proper advance notice. When the VRDNs are tendered, a remarketing agent generally
finds another investor to purchase the VRDNs to keep the securities outstanding in the market. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total VRDNs in which the Bancorp was the remarketing agent or were supported by a Bancorp letter of credit
were $973 million and $1.3 billion, respectively, of which FTS acted as the remarketing agent to issuers on $820 million and $1.1 billion, respectively. As remarketing agent, FTS is responsible for finding purchasers for VRDNs that are put by
investors. The Bancorp issued letters of credit, as a credit enhancement, to $649 million and $921 million of the VRDNs remarketed by FTS, in addition to $154 million and $187 million in VRDNs remarketed by third parties at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. These letters of credit are included in the total letters of credit balance provided in the previous table.     Forward
contracts related to residential mortgage loans held for sale     The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the
change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. The outstanding notional amounts of these forward contracts are included in the summary of significant commitments table for all periods
presented.     Noncancelable operating lease obligations and other commitments   
 The Bancorp s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements. The minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable lease agreements are shown in the summary of significant commitments table. The Bancorp has also entered into a limited number of agreements for work related to banking center construction and to purchase goods or services.  
   Contingent Liabilities       Private mortgage
reinsurance     For certain mortgage loans originated by the Bancorp, borrowers may be required to obtain PMI provided by third-party
insurers. In some instances, these insurers cede a portion of the PMI premiums to the Bancorp, and the Bancorp provides reinsurance coverage within a specified range of the total PMI coverage. The Bancorp s reinsurance coverage typically ranges
from 5% to 10% of the total PMI coverage.   In the second quarter of 2016, the Bancorp allowed one of its third-party insurers to terminate its reinsurance agreement with the Bancorp, resulting in the Bancorp releasing collateral to the insurer
in the form of investment securities and other assets with a carrying value of $6 million, and the insurer assuming the Bancorp s obligations under the reinsurance agreement, resulting in a decrease to the Bancorp s reserve liability of $2
million and a decrease in the Bancorp s maximum exposure of $26 million. In addition, the Bancorp received a payment of $4 million related to the difference between the release of the assets and the reserve liability assumed. The Bancorp s
remaining maximum exposure in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the Bancorp s total outstanding reinsurance coverage, which was $1 million at September 30, 2016 and $27 million at December 31, 2015. As of
September 30, 2016 the Bancorp no longer maintained a reserve related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio. As of December 31, 2015, the Bancorp maintained a reserve of $2 million related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio which
was included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance  
      98  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Sheet. The change in the reserve was due primarily to the decrease in outstanding exposure associated with the termination of the reinsurance agreement discussed previously. During 2009, the
Bancorp suspended the practice of providing reinsurance of PMI for newly originated mortgage loans.     Legal claims   
 There are legal claims pending against the Bancorp and its subsidiaries that have arisen in the normal course of business. Refer to Note 17
for additional information regarding these proceedings.      Guarantees    
 The Bancorp has performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events under financial guarantees provided in certain contractual
arrangements as discussed in the following sections.     Residential mortgage loans sold with representation and warranty provisions   
 Conforming residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties are generally sold with representation and warranty provisions. A
contractual liability arises only in the event of a breach of these representations and warranties and, in general, only when a loss results from the breach. The Bancorp may be required to repurchase any previously sold loan or indemnify (make
whole) the investor or insurer for which the representation or warranty of the Bancorp proves to be inaccurate, incomplete or misleading. For more information on how the Bancorp establishes the residential mortgage repurchase reserve, refer to Note
1 in the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Bancorp
settled certain repurchase claims related to residential mortgage loans originated and sold to FHLMC prior to January 1, 2009 for $25 million, after paid claim credits and other adjustments. The settlement removes the Bancorp s responsibility
to repurchase or indemnify FHLMC for representation and warranty violations on any loan sold prior to January 1, 2009 except in limited circumstances.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bancorp maintained reserves related to loans sold with representation and warranty
provisions totaling $18 million and $25 million, respectively, included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 The Bancorp uses the best information available when estimating its mortgage representation and warranty reserve; however, the estimation
process is inherently uncertain and imprecise and, accordingly, losses in excess of the amounts reserved as of September 30, 2016, are reasonably possible. The Bancorp currently estimates that it is reasonably possible that it could incur losses
related to mortgage representation and warranty provisions in an amount up to approximately $11 million in excess of amounts reserved. This estimate was derived by modifying the key assumptions previously discussed to reflect management s
judgment regarding reasonably possible adverse changes to those assumptions. The actual repurchase losses could vary significantly from the recorded mortgage representation and warranty reserve or this estimate of reasonably possible losses,
depending on the outcome of various factors, including those previously discussed.    For both the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Bancorp paid an immaterial amount in the form of make whole payments and repurchased $4 million and $7 million, respectively, in outstanding principal of loans to satisfy investor demands. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Bancorp paid an immaterial amount and $2 million, respectively, in the form of make whole payments and repurchased $10 million and $64 million, respectively, in outstanding principal of loans to satisfy investor demands. Total
repurchase demand requests during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $8 million and $7 million, respectively. Total repurchase demand requests for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $18 million and
$68 million, respectively. Total outstanding repurchase demand inventory was $7 million and $4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 The following table summarizes activity in the reserve for representation and warranty provisions:  
   
   The following tables provide a rollforward of unresolved claims by claimant type for the nine months ended:

99  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Residential mortgage loans sold with credit recourse   
 The Bancorp sold certain residential mortgage loans in the secondary market with credit recourse. In the event of any customer default,
pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In the event
of nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral value securing the loan. The outstanding balances on these loans sold with credit recourse were $396 million and $465 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, and the delinquency rates were 3.0% at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve on these loans sold with credit recourse of $7 million and $9 million, respectively, at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, recorded in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating
credit losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio.     Margin accounts   
 FTS, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, guarantees the collection of all margin account balances held by its brokerage
clearing agent for the benefit of its customers. FTS is responsible for payment to its brokerage clearing agent for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense incurred as a result of customers failing to comply with margin or margin maintenance
calls on all margin accounts. The margin account balance held by the brokerage clearing agent was $15 million and $10 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In the event of any customer default, FTS has rights to the
underlying collateral provided. Given the existence of the underlying collateral provided and negligible historical credit losses, the Bancorp does not maintain a loss reserve related to the margin accounts.  
  Long-term borrowing obligations     The
Bancorp had certain fully and unconditionally guaranteed long-term borrowing obligations issued by wholly-owned issuing trust entities of $62 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
  Visa litigation     The Bancorp, as a
member bank of Visa prior to Visa s reorganization and IPO (the  IPO ) of its Class A common shares (the  Class A Shares ) in 2008, had certain indemnification obligations pursuant to Visa s certificate of incorporation
and by-laws and in accordance with their membership agreements. In accordance with Visa s by-laws prior to the IPO, the Bancorp could have been required to indemnify Visa for the Bancorp s proportional share of losses based on the pre-IPO
membership interests. As part of its reorganization and IPO, the Bancorp s indemnification obligation was modified to include only certain known or anticipated litigation (the  Covered Litigation ) as of the date of the restructuring.
This modification triggered a requirement for the Bancorp to recognize a liability equal to the fair value of the indemnification liability.  
 In conjunction with the IPO, the Bancorp received 10.1 million of Visa s Class B common shares (the  Class B Shares ) based on
the Bancorp s membership percentage in Visa prior to the IPO. The Class B Shares are not transferable (other than to another member bank) until the later of the third anniversary of the IPO closing or the date which the Covered Litigation has
been resolved; therefore, the Bancorp s Class B Shares were classified in other assets and accounted for at their carryover basis of $0. Visa initially deposited $3 billion of the proceeds from the IPO into a litigation escrow account,
established for the purpose of funding judgments in, or settlements of, the Covered Litigation. Since then, when Visa s litigation committee determined that the escrow account was insufficient; Visa issued additional Class A Shares and
deposited the proceeds from the sale of the Class A Shares into the litigation escrow account. When Visa funded the litigation escrow account, the Class B Shares were subjected to dilution through an adjustment in the conversion rate of Class B
Shares into Class A Shares.    In 2009, the Bancorp completed the sale of Visa, Inc. Class B Shares and entered into a total return swap in
which the Bancorp will make or receive payments based on subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Class B Shares into Class A Shares. The swap terminates on the later of the third anniversary of Visa s IPO or the date on which the
Covered Litigation is settled. Refer to Note 22 for additional information on the valuation of the swap. The counterparty to the swap as a result of its ownership of the Class B Shares will be impacted by dilutive adjustments to the conversion rate
of the Class B Shares into Class A Shares caused by any Covered Litigation losses in excess of the litigation escrow account. If actual judgments in, or settlements of, the Covered Litigation significantly exceed current expectations, then
additional funding by Visa of the litigation escrow account and the resulting dilution of the Class B Shares could result in a scenario where the Bancorp s ultimate exposure associated with the Covered Litigation (the  Visa Litigation
Exposure ) exceeds the value of the Class B Shares owned by the swap counterparty (the  Class B Value ). In the event the Bancorp concludes that it is probable that the Visa Litigation Exposure exceeds the Class B Value, the Bancorp
would record a litigation reserve liability and a corresponding amount of other noninterest expense for the amount of the excess. Any such litigation reserve liability would be separate and distinct from the fair value derivative liability
associated with the total return swap.  
      100  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  As of the date of the Bancorp s sale of Visa Class B Shares and through September 30,
2016, the Bancorp has concluded that it is not probable that the Visa Litigation Exposure will exceed the Class B value. Based on this determination, upon the sale of Class B Shares, the Bancorp reversed its net Visa litigation reserve liability and
recognized a free-standing derivative liability associated with the total return swap. The fair value of the swap liability was $103 million at September 30, 2016 and $61 million at December 31, 2015. Refer to Note 12 and Note 17 for further
information.    After the Bancorp s sale of Visa Class B Shares, Visa has funded additional amounts into the litigation escrow account
which have resulted in further dilutive adjustments to the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares, and along with other terms of the total return swap, required the Bancorp to make cash payments in varying amounts to the swap counterparty
as follows:      
 
      101  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   17. Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   
   Litigation       Visa/Mastercard Merchant
Interchange Litigation     In April 2006, the Bancorp was added as a defendant in a consolidated antitrust class action lawsuit originally
filed against Visa   , MasterCard    and several other major financial institutions in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York. The plaintiffs, merchants operating commercial businesses throughout the U.S. and trade associations, claimed that the interchange fees charged by card-issuing banks were unreasonable and sought injunctive relief and
unspecified damages. In addition to being a named defendant, the Bancorp is also subject to a possible indemnification obligation of Visa as discussed in Note 16 and has also entered into judgment and loss sharing agreements with Visa, MasterCard
and certain other named defendants. In October 2012, the parties to the litigation entered into a settlement agreement. On January 14, 2014, the trial court entered a final order approving the class settlement. A number of merchants filed appeals
from that approval. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held a hearing on those appeals and on June 30, 2016, reversed the district court s approval of the class settlement, remanding the case to the district court for further
proceedings. In rejecting the settlement, the appellate court found that counsel for plaintiffs was conflicted and thus could not adequately represent the plaintiff-class members of the separate monetary and injunctive relief settlement classes. The
appellate court decertified the settlement classes, ordered that the case return to the trial court and directed the trial court to appoint separate counsel for the separate plaintiff classes. Pursuant to the terms of the overturned settlement
agreement, the Bancorp previously paid $46 million into a class settlement escrow account. Because the appellate court ruling remands the case to the district court for further proceedings, the ultimate outcome in this matter is uncertain.
Approximately 8,000 merchants requested exclusion from the class settlement, and therefore, pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, 25% of the funds paid into the class settlement escrow account were already returned to the control of the
defendants. More than 460 of the merchants who requested exclusion from the class filed separate federal lawsuits against Visa, MasterCard and certain other defendants alleging similar antitrust violations. These  opt-out  federal lawsuits
were transferred to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The Bancorp was not named as a defendant in any of the opt-out federal lawsuits, but may have obligations pursuant to indemnification arrangements and/or the
judgment or loss sharing agreements noted above. On July 18, 2015, the court in which all the remaining opt-out federal lawsuits have been consolidated denied defendants  motion to dismiss the complaints. Refer to Note 16 for further
information.     Dudenhoeffer v. Fifth Third Bancorp   
 On March 29, 2016, the court in two class action lawsuits consolidated as Dudenhoeffer v. Fifth Third Bancorp et al. filed in 2008 in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio preliminarily approved a settlement in which the Bancorp agreed to pay $6 million and make certain changes to the Bancorp s profit sharing plan. The complaints alleged that the
Bancorp and certain officers violated ERISA by continuing to offer Fifth Third stock in the Bancorp s profit sharing plan when it was no longer a prudent investment. On July 11, 2016, the court issued a Final Approval Order and Judgment
approving the settlement in all respects and ordering that the settlement agreement be implemented in accordance with its terms.     Klopfenstein v. Fifth
Third Bank     On August 3, 2012, William Klopfenstein and Adam McKinney filed a lawsuit against Fifth Third Bank in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Ohio (Klopfenstein et al. v. Fifth Third Bank), alleging that the 120% APR that Fifth Third disclosed on its Early Access program was misleading. Early Access is a deposit-advance program offered to
eligible customers with checking accounts. The plaintiffs sought to represent a nationwide class of customers who used the Early Access program and repaid their cash advances within 30 days. On October 31, 2012, the case was transferred to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. In 2013, four similar putative class actions were filed against Fifth Third Bank in federal courts throughout the country (Lori and Danielle Laskaris v. Fifth Third Bank, Janet Fyock v.
Fifth Third Bank, Jesse McQuillen v. Fifth Third Bank, and Brian Harrison v. Fifth Third Bank). Those four lawsuits were transferred to the Southern District of Ohio and consolidated with the original lawsuit as In re: Fifth Third Early Access Cash
Advance Litigation. On behalf of a putative class, the plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary and statutory damages, injunctive relief, punitive damages, attorney s fees, and pre- and post-judgment interest. On March 30, 2015, the court dismissed
all claims alleged in the consolidated lawsuit except a claim under the TILA. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. No trial date has been scheduled.  
  Nina Investments, LLC v. Fifth Third Bank   
 On July 5, 2012, Nina Investments, LLC ( Nina ) filed a lawsuit against Fifth Third Bank (Nina Investments, LLC. v. Fifth Third Bank,
et al.) in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, alleging fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud related to a credit facility established by Fifth Third Bank in 2007 to finance life insurance premiums. Nina invested funds in an entity related to
the borrower under the credit facility and is claiming over $70 million in damages based on its alleged loss of these funds. Nina alleges that it would have made different investment decisions if Fifth Third had disclosed fraud committed by the
borrower with the alleged knowledge of Fifth Third employees. Nina filed this lawsuit in response to a lawsuit filed by Fifth Third Bank in the same court on June 11, 2010 against Nina and other defendants (Fifth Third Bank v. Concord Capital
Management, LLC, et al.) alleging fraud and breach of contract. In 2015, the court dismissed Fifth Third s contract and fraud claims against certain defendants but Fifth Third currently has claims pending against other defendants, including a
newly asserted claim for fraudulent conveyance against Nina. On October 20, 2016, the court denied Fifth Third s motion to assert a new claim against Nina and other investors for fraudulent inducement of a guarantee related to the credit
facility and to reassert claims for breach of guarantee against certain of the investors who also acted as guarantors. The trial has been scheduled in these consolidated actions for April 24, 2017.  
  Other Litigation     The Bancorp and its
subsidiaries are not parties to any other material litigation. However, there are other litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability with
respect to these contingent matters, management believes that the resulting liability, if any, from these other actions would not have a material effect upon the Bancorp s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
 
      102  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
    Governmental Investigations and Proceedings    
 The Bancorp and/or its affiliates are involved in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and
informal) by various governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, including but not limited to the CFPB, FINRA, etc., as well as self-regulatory bodies regarding their respective businesses. Additional matters will likely arise
from time to time. Any of these matters may result in material adverse consequences to the Bancorp, its affiliates and/or their respective directors, officers and other personnel, including adverse judgments, findings, settlements, fines, penalties,
orders, injunctions or other actions, amendments and/or restatements of the Bancorp s SEC filings and/or financial statements, as applicable, and/or determinations of material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures. Investigations
by regulatory authorities may from time to time result in civil or criminal referrals to law enforcement.      Reasonably Possible Losses in Excess of
Accruals      The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are parties to numerous claims and lawsuits as well as threatened or potential actions
or claims concerning matters arising from the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of claims or litigation and the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict. The following factors, among others, contribute to this
lack of predictability: claims often include significant legal uncertainties, damages alleged by plaintiffs are often unspecified or overstated, discovery may not have started or may not be complete and material facts may be disputed or
unsubstantiated. As a result of these factors, the Bancorp is not always able to provide an estimate of the range of reasonably possible outcomes for each claim. An accrual for a potential litigation loss is established when information related to
the loss contingency indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Any such accrual is adjusted from time to time thereafter as appropriate to reflect changes in circumstances. The Bancorp also
determines, when possible (due to the uncertainties described above), estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of reasonably possible losses, in excess of amounts accrued. Under U.S. GAAP, an event is  reasonably possible  if
 the chance of the future event or events occurring is more than remote but less than likely  and an event is  remote  if  the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight.  Thus, references to the upper end
of the range of reasonably possible loss for cases in which the Bancorp is able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss mean the upper end of the range of loss for cases for which the Bancorp believes the risk of loss is more than slight.
For matters where the Bancorp is able to estimate such possible losses or ranges of possible losses, the Bancorp currently estimates that it is reasonably possible that it could incur losses related to legal and regulatory proceedings in an
aggregate amount up to approximately $41 million in excess of amounts accrued, with it also being reasonably possible that no losses will be incurred in these matters. The estimates included in this amount are based on the Bancorp s analysis of
currently available information, and as new information is obtained the Bancorp may change its estimates.    For these matters and others
where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, there may be a range of possible losses in excess of the established accrual that cannot be estimated. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available
insurance coverage and established accruals, the Bancorp believes that the eventual outcome of the actions against the Bancorp and/or its subsidiaries, including the matters described above, will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
material adverse effect on the Bancorp s consolidated financial position. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of those matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the
Bancorp s results of operations for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the size of the loss or liability imposed and the operating results for the applicable period.  
  18. Related Party Transactions     On July
27, 2016, the Bancorp entered into an agreement with Vantiv, Inc. under which a portion of its TRAs with Vantiv, Inc. was terminated and settled in full for consideration of a cash payment in the amount of $116 million from Vantiv, Inc. Under the
agreement, the Bancorp terminated and settled certain TRA cash flows it expected to receive in the years 2019 to 2035, totaling an estimated $331 million. The Bancorp recognized a pre-tax gain of $116 million in other noninterest income in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income from this settlement in the third quarter of 2016.    Additionally, the agreement provides that
Vantiv, Inc. may be obligated to pay up to a total of approximately $171 million to the Bancorp to terminate and settle certain remaining TRA cash flows, totaling an estimated $394 million, upon the exercise of certain call options by Vantiv, Inc.
or certain put options by the Bancorp. If the associated call options or put options are exercised, 10% of the obligations would be settled with respect to each quarter in 2017 and 15% of the obligations would be settled with respect to each quarter
in 2018. The Bancorp recognized a pre-tax gain of $164 million in other noninterest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income in the third quarter of 2016 associated with these options.  
 This agreement does not impact the TRA payments expected to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017 which
are expected to be received in the first quarter of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, respectively.     19. Income Taxes   
 The applicable income tax expense was $178 million and $134 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
was $385 million and $367 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 25.6% and 26.0%, respectively, and were 24.6% and 25.9%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year   was primarily related to gains on
sales of certain leveraged leases that are exempt from federal taxation partially offset by Vantiv, Inc. related gains.    While it is
reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits with respect to certain of the Bancorp s uncertain tax positions could increase or decrease during the next 12 months, the Bancorp believes it is unlikely that its
unrecognized tax benefits will change by a material amount during the next 12 months.  
      103  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   20. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   
 The tables below present the activity of the components of OCI and AOCI for the three months ended:  

104  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The tables below present the activity of the components of OCI and AOCI for the nine months
ended:      
 
      105  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The table below presents reclassifications out of AOCI:  

(a)  
    This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. Refer to Note 21 in the
Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for information on the computation of net periodic benefit cost.      

(b)  
    Amounts in parentheses indicate reductions to net income.      
      106  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   21. Earnings Per Share   
 The following tables provide the calculation of earnings per share and the reconciliation of earnings per share and earnings per diluted
share:      
   Shares are excluded from the computation of net income per diluted share when their inclusion has an
anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share. The diluted earnings per share computation for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 excludes 20 million of SARs and an immaterial amount of stock options because their inclusion would
have been anti-dilutive. The diluted earnings per share computation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 excludes 16 million and 15 million, respectively, of SARs and an immaterial amount of stock options because their inclusion
would have been anti-dilutive.    The diluted earnings per share computation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
excludes the impact of the forward contract related to the August 5, 2016 accelerated share repurchase transaction. Based upon the average daily volume weighted-average price of the Bancorp s common stock from the repurchase date through the
end of the third quarter of 2016, the counterparty to the transaction would have been required to deliver additional shares for the settlement of the forward contract as of September 30, 2016, and thus the impact of the forward contract related to
the accelerated share repurchase transaction would have been anti-dilutive to earnings per share.    The diluted earnings per share
computation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 excludes the impact of the forward contract related to the September 9, 2015 accelerated share repurchase transaction. Based upon the average daily volume weighted-average price of
the Bancorp s common stock from the repurchase date through the end of the third quarter of 2015, the counterparty to the transaction would have been required to deliver additional shares for the settlement of the forward contract as of
September 30, 2015, and thus the impact of the forward contract related to the accelerated share repurchase transaction would have been anti-dilutive to earnings per share.  
      107  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   22. Fair Value Measurements   
 The Bancorp measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level
3). A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument s fair value measurement. For more information regarding the fair value hierarchy,
refer to Note 1 in the Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis      The following tables summarize assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis,
including residential mortgage loans held for sale for which the Bancorp has elected the fair value option as of:      

(b)  
    Includes residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and subsequently transferred to held for
investment.      

(c)  
    During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no assets or liabilities were transferred
between Level 1 and Level 2.      

(d)  
    Included in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      

(e)  
    Included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      
      108  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(b)  
    Includes residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and subsequently transferred to held for
investment.      

(c)  
    During the year ended December 31, 2015, no assets or liabilities were transferred between Level 1 and Level
2.      

(d)  
    Included in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      

(e)  
    Included in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for significant instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general
classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.     Available-for-sale and other securities and trading securities   
 Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities
include U.S. Treasury securities and exchange-traded equities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or DCFs. Level 2 securities
include federal agencies securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions securities, agency residential mortgage-backed securities, agency and non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and other debt
securities and equity securities. These securities are generally valued using a market approach based on observable prices of securities with similar characteristics.  
  Residential mortgage loans held for sale   
 For residential mortgage loans held for sale for which the fair value election has been made, fair value is estimated based upon
mortgage-backed securities prices and spreads to those prices or, for certain ARM loans, DCF models that may incorporate the anticipated portfolio composition, credit spreads of asset-backed securities with similar collateral and market conditions.
The anticipated portfolio composition includes the effect of interest rate spreads and discount rates due to loan characteristics such as the state in which the loan was originated, the loan amount and the ARM margin. Residential mortgage loans held
for sale that are valued based on mortgage-backed securities prices are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy as the valuation is based on external pricing for similar instruments. ARM loans classified as held for sale are also
classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy due to the use of observable inputs in the DCF model. These observable inputs include interest rate spreads from agency mortgage-backed securities market rates and observable discount rates.  
      109  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   Residential mortgage loans   
 Residential mortgage loans held for sale that are reclassified to held for investment are transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy. It is the Bancorp s policy to value any transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy based on end of period fair values.  
 For residential mortgage loans for which the fair value election has been made, and that are reclassified from held for sale to held for
investment, the fair value estimation is based on mortgage-backed securities prices, interest rate risk and an internally developed credit component. Therefore, these loans are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. An adverse change
in the loss rate or severity assumption would result in a decrease in fair value of the related loan. The Secondary Marketing department, which reports to the Bancorp s Head of the Consumer Bank, in conjunction with the Consumer Credit Risk
department, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Risk Officer, are responsible for determining the valuation methodology for residential mortgage loans held for investment. The Secondary Marketing department reviews loss severity assumptions
quarterly to determine if adjustments are necessary based on decreases in observable housing market data. This group also reviews trades in comparable benchmark securities and adjusts the values of loans as necessary. Consumer Credit Risk is
responsible for the credit component of the fair value which is based on internally developed loss rate models that take into account historical loss rates and loss severities based on underlying collateral values.  
  Derivatives     Exchange-traded
derivatives valued using quoted prices and certain over-the-counter derivatives valued using active bids are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Most of the Bancorp s derivative contracts are valued using DCF or other models
that incorporate current market interest rates, credit spreads assigned to the derivative counterparties and other market parameters and, therefore, are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Such derivatives include basic and
structured interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity swaps and options. Derivatives that are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, derivatives classified as Level 3, which are valued using models containing unobservable inputs, consisted primarily of a warrant associated with the initial sale of the Bancorp s 51% interest in Vantiv Holding, LLC to
Advent International and a total return swap associated with the Bancorp s sale of Visa, Inc. Class B shares. Level 3 derivatives also include IRLCs, which utilize internally generated loan closing rate assumptions as a significant unobservable
input in the valuation process.    As of September 30, 2016, the warrant allows the Bancorp to purchase approximately 7.8 million
incremental nonvoting units in Vantiv Holding, LLC at an exercise price of $15.98 per unit and requires settlement under certain defined conditions involving change of control. The fair value of the warrant is calculated in conjunction with a third
party valuation provider by applying Black-Scholes option-pricing models using probability weighted scenarios which contain the following inputs: Vantiv, Inc. stock price, strike price per the Warrant Agreement and unobservable inputs, such as
expected term and expected volatility.    For the warrant, an increase in the expected term (years) and the expected volatility assumptions
would result in an increase in the fair value; conversely, a decrease in these assumptions would result in a decrease in the fair value. The Accounting and Treasury departments, both of which report to the Bancorp s Chief Financial Officer,
determined the valuation methodology for the warrant. Accounting and Treasury review changes in fair value on a quarterly basis for reasonableness based on changes in historical and implied volatilities, expected terms, probability weightings of the
related scenarios, and other assumptions.    Under the terms of the total return swap, the Bancorp will make or receive payments based on
subsequent changes in the conversion rate of the Visa, Inc. Class B shares into Class A shares. Additionally, the Bancorp will make a quarterly payment based on Visa s stock price and the conversion rate of the Visa, Inc. Class B shares into
Class A shares until the date on which the Covered Litigation is settled. The fair value of the total return swap was calculated using a DCF model based on unobservable inputs consisting of management s estimate of the probability of certain
litigation scenarios, the timing of the resolution of the Covered Litigation and Visa litigation loss estimates in excess, or shortfall, of the Bancorp s proportional share of escrow funds.  
 An increase in the loss estimate or a delay in the resolution of the Covered Litigation would result in an increase in fair value;
conversely, a decrease in the loss estimate or an acceleration of the resolution of the Covered Litigation would result in a decrease in fair value. The Accounting and Treasury departments determined the valuation methodology for the total return
swap. Accounting and Treasury review the changes in fair value on a quarterly basis for reasonableness based on Visa stock price changes, litigation contingencies, and escrow funding.  
 The net fair value asset of the IRLCs at September 30, 2016 was $33 million. Immediate decreases in current interest rates of 25 bps and 50
bps would result in increases in the fair value of the IRLCs of approximately $7 million and $14 million, respectively. Immediate increases of current interest rates of 25 bps and 50 bps would result in decreases in the fair value of the IRLCs of
approximately $8 million and $17 million, respectively. The decrease in fair value of IRLCs due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the assumed loan closing rates would be approximately $3 million and $7 million, respectively, and the
increase in fair value due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the assumed loan closing rates would be approximately $3 million and $7 million, respectively. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution, as changes
in fair value based on a variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear. 
 The Consumer Line of Business Finance department, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Financial Officer, and the aforementioned
Secondary Marketing department are responsible for determining the valuation methodology for IRLCs. Secondary Marketing, in conjunction with a third party valuation provider, periodically review loan closing rate assumptions and recent loan sales to
determine if adjustments are needed for current market conditions not reflected in historical data.  
      110  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following tables are a reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):      

(b)  
    Includes certain residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale that were transferred to held for
investment.      

(c)  
    Includes interest income and expense.      

(a)  
    Net interest rate derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $19 and $3, respectively, as of
September 30, 2015. Net equity derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $630 and $58, respectively, as of September 30, 2015.      

(b)  
    Includes certain residential mortgage loans held for sale that were transferred to held for investment.

(c)  
    Includes interest income and expense.      

(b)  
    Includes certain residential mortgage loans held for sale that were transferred to held for investment.

(c)  
    Includes interest income and expense.      
      111  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Net interest rate derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $19 and $3, respectively, as of
September 30, 2015. Net equity derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $630 and $58, respectively, as of September 30, 2015.      

(b)  
    Includes certain residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale that were transferred to held for
investment.      

(c)  
    Includes interest income and expense.      
 The total gains and losses included in earnings for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) were recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:      
   The total gains and losses included in earnings attributable to changes in unrealized gains and losses
related to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:      
   The following tables present information as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 about significant unobservable
inputs related to the Bancorp s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      

(a)  
    Based on historical and implied volatilities of Vantiv, Inc. and comparable companies assuming similar
expected terms.      
      112  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Based on historical and implied volatilities of Vantiv, Inc. and comparable companies assuming similar
expected terms.          Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value
on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment.  
 The following tables provide the fair value hierarchy and carrying amount of all assets that were held as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related gains and losses from fair value adjustments on assets sold during the period as well as assets still
held as of the end of the period:      
 
      113  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following tables present information as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 about significant
unobservable inputs related to the Bancorp s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis:      

As of September 30, 2016 ($ in millions)  

Financial
Instrument  

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 

Significant Unobservable 
     Inputs  

Ranges of  
 Inputs   
   
  Weighted-Average       
 
   Commercial loans held for sale  
    
  $  
              85       

Appraised value 

Appraised value   Cost to sell  

NM  
  NM   
   
    NM  
  10.0%    
 
   Commercial and industrial loans  

321      

Appraised value 

Collateral value 

NM  
   
  NM   
 
   Commercial mortgage loans  

58       

Appraised value 

Collateral value 

NM  
   
  NM   
 
   MSRs  

619      

Discounted cash flow 

Prepayment speed 

0-100%   
   
        (Fixed) 14.9%  
  (Adjustable) 27.1%    

OAS spread (bps) 

100-1,515   

(Fixed) 615  
  (Adjustable) 724    
 
   OREO  

46       

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM  
   
  NM   
 
   Bank premises and equipment  

67       

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM  
   
  NM   
 
   Operating lease equipment  

39       

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM  
   
  NM   
 
   Private equity investments  

63       

Liquidity discount applied to fund s net asset value 

Liquidity discount 

5.0-37.5%   
   
  12.6%   

As of September 30, 2015 ($ in millions) 

Financial Instrument 
    
     Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 

Significant Unobservable     Inputs 

Ranges of  Inputs 
   
 Weighted-Average      
 
   Commercial loans held for sale  

$            14      

Discounted cash flow 

Discount spread 

NM 
   
 4.4%  
 
   Residential mortgage loans held for sale  

96      

Loss rate model 

Interest rate risk factor 

(7.5) - 0.1%  
   
 (1.6)%  

Credit risk factor 

NM 
   
 0.1%  
 
   Automobile loans held for sale  

2       

Discounted cash flow 

Discount spread 

NM 
   
 3.1%  
 
   Credit cards held for sale  

4       

Comparable transactions 

Estimated sales proceeds from comparable transactions 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Commercial and industrial loans  

290     

Appraised value 

Collateral value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Commercial mortgage loans  

112     

Appraised value 

Collateral value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Commercial construction loans  

9       

Appraised value 

Collateral value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Residential mortgage loans  

55      

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   MSRs  

756     

Discounted cash flow 

Prepayment speed 

1.0 - 100%  
   
       (Fixed) 11.7% 
 (Adjustable) 32.7%   

OAS spread (bps) 

304-1,525  

(Fixed) 706 
 (Adjustable) 668   
 
   OREO  

64      

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Bank premises and equipment  

79      

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM 
   
 NM  
 
   Operating lease equipment  

53      

Appraised value 

Appraised value 

NM 
   
 NM  
    Commercial loans held for sale   
 The Bancorp had fair value adjustments on $112 million and $137 million of commercial loans transferred from the portfolio to loans held for
sale that upon transfer were measured at the lower of cost or fair value during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Bancorp had fair value adjustments on an immaterial amount and $26 million of commercial loans
transferred from the portfolio to loans held for sale that upon transfer were measured at the lower of cost or fair value during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These fair value adjustments totaled $21 million and
$26 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. These fair value adjustments totaled an immaterial amount and $1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The fair value
adjustments were generally based on market trades, appraisals of the underlying collateral or were estimated by discounting future cash flows using the current market rates of loans to borrowers with similar credit characteristics, similar remaining
maturities, prepayment speeds and loss severities and were, therefore, classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Additionally, fair value adjustments on existing loans held for sale were immaterial for both the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and were immaterial and $1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The fair value adjustments were also based on appraisals of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp recognized an
immaterial amount of gains on the sale of commercial loans held for sale during both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The Bancorp recognized $2 million in losses on the sale of commercial loans held for sale during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5 million in gains on the sale of commercial loans held for sale during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      114  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The Accounting department determines the procedures for the valuation of commercial loans
held for sale using appraised value which may include a comparison to recently executed transactions of similar type loans. A monthly review of the portfolio is performed for reasonableness. Quarterly, appraisals approaching a year old are updated
and the Real Estate Valuation group, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Risk Officer, in conjunction with the Commercial Line of Business reviews the third party appraisals for reasonableness. Additionally, the Commercial Line of Business
Finance department, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Financial Officer, in conjunction with the Accounting department reviews all loan appraisal values, carry values and vintages. The Treasury department, which reports to the Bancorp s
Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for the estimate of fair value adjustments when a discounted future cash flow valuation technique is employed. 
  Residential mortgage loans held for sale   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Bancorp did not transfer any residential mortgage loans from the portfolio to loans held
for sale. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Bancorp transferred $233 million of residential mortgage loans from the portfolio to loans held for sale that upon transfer were measured at the lower of cost or fair value using
significant unobservable inputs. Fair values were estimated based on mortgage-backed securities prices, interest rate risk and an internally developed credit component. These loans had fair value adjustments during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, totaling an immaterial amount and $1 million. The Secondary Marketing department, which reports to the Bancorp s Head of the Consumer Bank, in conjunction with the Consumer Credit Risk department, which reports
to the Bancorp s Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for determining the valuation methodology for residential mortgage loans held for investment. The Secondary Marketing department reviews loss severity assumptions quarterly to determine if
adjustments are necessary based on decreases in observable housing market data. This group also reviews trades in comparable benchmark securities and adjusts the values of loans as necessary. Consumer Credit Risk is responsible for the credit
component of the fair value which is based on internally developed loss rate models that take into account historical loss rates and loss severities based on underlying collateral values.  
  Commercial loans held for investment   
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring impairment adjustments to certain
commercial and industrial loans, commercial mortgage loans, commercial construction loans and commercial leases held for investment. Larger commercial loans included within aggregate borrower relationship balances exceeding $1 million that exhibit
probable or observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review for impairment. The Bancorp considers the current value of collateral, credit quality of any guarantees, the guarantor s liquidity and willingness to cooperate, the loan
structure and other factors when evaluating whether an individual loan is impaired. When the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the loan is generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan and therefore
these loans are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. The fair values and recognized impairment losses are reflected in the previous tables.
Commercial Credit Risk, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for commercial loans held for investment.  
  Residential mortgage loans     During the
three months ended March 31, 2015, the Bancorp transferred approximately $55 million of restructured residential mortgage loans from held for sale to the portfolio as the Bancorp no longer had the intent to sell the loans. Upon transfer, the Bancorp
recognized a nonrecurring fair value adjustment of $1 million on these loans, which had previously been transferred to held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2014.  
  MSRs     Mortgage interest rates increased
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the Bancorp recognized a recovery of temporary impairment in certain classes of the MSR portfolio and the carrying value was adjusted to the fair value. Mortgage interest rates decreased during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as well as during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and the Bancorp recognized temporary impairment in all classes of the MSR portfolio and the carrying value was adjusted to the fair
value. MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. Accordingly, the Bancorp estimates the fair value of MSRs using
internal OAS models with certain unobservable inputs, primarily prepayment speed assumptions, OAS and weighted-average lives, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Refer to Note 11 for further information on the
assumptions used in the valuation of the Bancorp s MSRs. The Secondary Marketing department and Treasury department are responsible for determining the valuation methodology for MSRs. Representatives from Secondary Marketing, Treasury,
Accounting and Risk Management are responsible for reviewing key assumptions used in the internal OAS model. Two external valuations of the MSR portfolio are obtained from third parties that use valuation models in order to assess the reasonableness
of the internal OAS model. Additionally, the Bancorp participates in peer surveys that provide additional confirmation of the reasonableness of key assumptions utilized in the MSR valuation process and the resulting MSR prices.  
  OREO     During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties classified as OREO and measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value. These nonrecurring losses
were primarily due to declines in real estate values of the properties recorded in OREO. These losses included $2 million and $7 million in losses, recorded as charge-offs, on new OREO properties transferred from loans during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $2 million and $10 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These losses also included $3 million and $7 million in losses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1 million and $6 million in losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, recorded as negative fair value adjustments on OREO in other noninterest expense in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income subsequent to their transfer from loans. As discussed in the following paragraphs, the fair value amounts are generally based on appraisals of the property values, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of the
valuation hierarchy. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. The previous tables reflect the fair value measurements of the properties before deducting the estimated costs to
sell.  
      115  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The Real Estate Valuation department, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Risk
Officer, is solely responsible for managing the appraisal process and evaluating the appraisal for commercial properties transferred to OREO. All appraisals on commercial OREO properties are updated on at least an annual basis.  
 The Real Estate Valuation department reviews the BPO data and internal market information to determine the initial charge-off on residential
real estate loans transferred to OREO. Once the foreclosure process is completed, the Bancorp performs an interior inspection to update the initial fair value of the property. These properties are reviewed at least every 30 days after the initial
interior inspections are completed. The Asset Manager receives a monthly status report for each property which includes the number of showings, recently sold properties, current comparable listings and overall market conditions.  
  Bank premises and equipment     The
Bancorp performs assessments of the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. These properties are written down to their lower of cost or market values. At
least annually thereafter, the Bancorp will review these properties for market fluctuations. The fair value amounts are generally based on appraisals of the property values, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.
Corporate Facilities, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Administrative Officer, in conjunction with Accounting, are responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for bank premises. For further information on bank premises
and equipment and discussion on changes to the branch network, refer to Note 7.     Operating lease equipment   
 During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring impairment adjustments to certain
operating lease equipment. When evaluating whether an individual asset is impaired, the Bancorp considers the current fair value of the asset, the changes in overall market demand for the asset and the rate of change in advancements associated with
technological improvements that impact the demand for the specific asset under review. As part of this ongoing assessment, the Bancorp determined that the carrying values of certain operating lease equipment were not recoverable and as a result, the
Bancorp recorded an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeded the fair value. The fair value amounts were generally based on appraised values of the assets, resulting in a classification within Level 3 of
the valuation hierarchy. The Commercial Leasing department, which reports to the Bancorp s Chief Operating Officer, is responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value estimates for operating lease equipment.  
  Private equity investments     In December
2013, the U.S. banking agencies issued final rules to implement section 619 of the DFA, known as the Volcker Rule, which places limitations on banking organizations  ability to own, sponsor or have certain relationships with certain private
equity funds. On July 7, 2016, the FRB announced a third extension of the conformance period, providing the industry until July 21, 2017 to conform investments in and relationships with covered funds that were in place prior to December 31, 2013.
The extension does not apply to investments in and relationships with a covered fund made after December 31, 2013. The Bancorp recognized $9 million of OTTI primarily associated with certain nonconforming investments affected by the Volcker Rule
during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Bancorp performed nonrecurring fair value measurements on a fund by fund basis to determine whether OTTI existed. The Bancorp estimated the fair value of a fund by using the net
asset value reported by the fund manager, and in some cases, applying an estimated market discount to the reported net asset value of the fund. Because the length of time until the investment will become redeemable is generally not certain, these
funds were classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. An adverse change in the reported net asset values or estimated market discounts, where applicable, would result in a decrease in the fair value estimate. In cases where the carrying
value exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. The Bancorp s Private Equity department, which reports to the Chief Strategy Officer, in conjunction with Accounting, is responsible for preparing and reviewing the fair value
estimates.      Fair Value Option    
 The Bancorp elected to measure certain residential mortgage loans held for sale under the fair value option as allowed under U.S. GAAP.
Electing to measure residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value reduces certain timing differences and better matches changes in the value of these assets with changes in the value of derivatives used as economic hedges for these assets.
Management s intent to sell residential mortgage loans classified as held for sale may change over time due to such factors as changes in the overall liquidity in markets or changes in characteristics specific to certain loans held for sale.
Consequently, these loans may be reclassified to loans held for investment and maintained in the Bancorp s loan portfolio. In such cases, the loans will continue to be measured at fair value.  
 Fair value changes recognized in earnings for instruments held at September 30, 2016 and 2015 for which the fair value option was elected, as
well as the changes in fair value of the underlying IRLCs, included gains of $49 million and $32 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These gains are reported in mortgage banking net revenue in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income.    Valuation adjustments related to instrument-specific credit risk for residential mortgage loans
measured at fair value negatively impacted the fair value of those loans by $2 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Interest on residential mortgage loans measured at fair value is accrued as it is earned using the effective
interest method and is reported as interest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
      116  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following table summarizes the difference between the fair value and the unpaid
principal balance for residential mortgage loans measured at fair value as of:      
       Fair Value of Certain Financial Instruments       
 The following tables summarize the carrying amounts and estimated fair values for certain financial instruments, excluding financial
instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      
 
      117  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

(a)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the classification of $34 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information, refer to Note 3.      
  Cash and due from banks, other securities, other short-term investments, deposits, federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings
 For financial instruments with a short-term or no stated maturity, prevailing market rates and limited credit risk, carrying amounts approximate fair value. Those financial instruments include cash and due from banks, FHLB and FRB restricted
stock, other short-term investments, certain deposits (demand, interest checking, savings, money market, foreign office deposits and other deposits), federal funds purchased, and other short-term borrowings excluding FHLB borrowings. Fair values for
other time deposits, certificates of deposit $100,000 and over and FHLB borrowings were estimated using a DCF calculation that applies prevailing LIBOR/swap interest rates and a spread for new issuances with similar terms.  
  Held-to-maturity securities     The
Bancorp s held-to-maturity securities are primarily composed of instruments that provide income tax credits as the economic return on the investment. The fair value of these instruments is estimated based on current U.S. Treasury tax credit
rates.     Loans held for sale     Fair
values for commercial loans held for sale were valued based on executable bids when available, or on DCF models incorporating appraisals of the underlying collateral, as well as assumptions about investor return requirements and amounts and timing
of expected cash flows. Fair values for residential mortgage loans held for sale were valued based on estimated third-party valuations utilizing recent sales data from similar transactions. Broker opinion statements were also obtained as additional
evidence to support the third-party valuations. Fair values for other consumer loans held for sale were based on contractual values upon which the loans may be sold to a third party, and approximate their carrying value.  
  Portfolio loans and leases, net     Fair
values were estimated based on either appraisals of the underlying collateral or by discounting future cash flows using the current market rates of loans to borrowers with similar credit characteristics, similar remaining maturities, prepayment
speeds and loss severities. The Bancorp estimates fair values at the transaction level whenever possible. For certain products with a large number of homogenous transactions, the Bancorp employs a pool approach. This approach involves stratifying
and sorting the entire population of transactions into a smaller number of pools with like characteristics. Characteristics may include maturity date, coupon, origination date and principal amortization method.  
  Long-term debt     Fair value of long-term
debt was based on quoted market prices, when available, or a DCF calculation using LIBOR/swap interest rates and, in some cases, Fifth Third credit and/or debt instrument spreads for new issuances with similar terms.  
      118  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
   23. Business Segments   
 The Bancorp reports on four business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending and Wealth and Asset Management (formerly
Investment Advisors). Results of the Bancorp s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial
results of the Bancorp s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management s accounting practices and
businesses change.    The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing an FTP methodology. This
methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through the origination of loans and acceptance of deposits. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of
assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the U.S. swap curve. Matching duration allocates interest income and interest expense to each business segment so its resulting net interest income is insulated from interest rate
risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp s FTP system credits this benefit to deposit-providing businesses, such as Branch Banking
and Wealth and Asset Management, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other.  
 The Bancorp adjusts the FTP charge and credit rates as dictated by changes in interest rates for various interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities and by the review of the estimated durations for the indeterminate-lived deposits. The credit rate provided for demand deposit accounts is reviewed annually based upon the account type, its estimated duration and the
corresponding federal funds, U.S. swap curve or swap rate. The credit rates for several deposit products were reset January 1, 2016 to reflect the current market rates and updated market assumptions. These rates were generally higher than those in
place during 2015, thus net interest income for deposit-providing businesses was positively impacted during 2016. FTP charge rates on assets were affected by the prevailing level of interest rates and by the duration and repricing characteristics of
the portfolio. As overall market rates increased, the FTP charge increased for asset-generating businesses, thus negatively affecting net interest income during 2016. Credit rates for deposit products and charge rates for loan products may be reset
periodically in response to changes in market conditions.    During the first quarter of 2016, the Bancorp refined its methodology for
allocating provision expense to the business segments to include charges or benefits associated with changes in criticized commercial loan levels in addition to actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans and leases owned by each business
segment. The results of operations and financial position for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were adjusted to reflect this change. Provision expense attributable to loan and lease growth and changes in ALLL factors are captured
in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and
when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit.    The results of operations and financial position for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were adjusted to reflect changes in internal expense allocation methodologies.    The
following is a description of each of the Bancorp s business segments and the products and services they provide to their respective client bases.  
  Commercial Banking  offers credit intermediation, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses and
government and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and depository offerings, Commercial Banking products and services include global cash management, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and
capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance.     Branch
Banking  provides a full range of deposit and loan and lease products to individuals and small businesses through 1,191 full-service banking centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home
equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobiles and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services.  
  Consumer Lending  includes the Bancorp s residential mortgage, home equity, automobile and other indirect lending activities.
Direct lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of residential mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans, pools of loans or lines of credit and all associated hedging
activities. Indirect lending activities include extending loans to consumers through correspondent lenders and automobile dealers.  
  Wealth and Asset Management  provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit
organizations. In the second quarter of 2016, the Investment Advisors segment name was changed to Wealth and Asset Management to better reflect the services provided by the business segment. Wealth and Asset Management is made up of four main
businesses: FTS, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp; ClearArc Capital, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp; Fifth Third Private Bank; and Fifth Third Institutional Services. FTS offers full service retail
brokerage services to individual clients and broker dealer services to the institutional marketplace. ClearArc Capital, Inc. provides asset management services. Fifth Third Private Bank offers holistic strategies to affluent clients in wealth
planning, investing, insurance and wealth protection. Fifth Third Institutional Services provides advisory services for institutional clients including states and municipalities.  
      119  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following tables present the results of operations and assets by business segment for
the three months ended:      

(a)  
    Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Includes impairment charges of    $28    for branches and land. For more information refer to
Note 7 and Note 22.      

(c)  
    Includes impairment charges of    $      4    for operating lease equipment.
For more information refer to Note 22.      

(d)  
    Includes bank premises and equipment of    $45    classified as held for sale. For more
information, refer to Note 7.          

(a)  
    Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Includes impairment charges of $2 for branches and land. For more information, refer to Note 7 and Note 22.

(c)  
    Includes impairment charges of $2 for operating lease equipment. For more information, refer to Note 22.

(d)  
    Includes bank premises and equipment of $81 classified as held for sale. For more information, refer to Note
7.      

(e)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $35 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information refer to Note 3.      
      120  

Table of Contents  

Fifth Third Bancorp and Subsidiaries   
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
  The following tables present the results of operations and assets by business segment for
the nine months ended:      

(a)  
    Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Includes impairment charges of    $      31    for branches and land. For more
information refer to Note 7 and Note 22.      

(c)  
    Includes impairment charges of    $      9    for operating lease equipment.
For more information refer to Note 22.      

(d)  
    Includes bank premises and equipment of    $      45    classified as held for
sale. For more information, refer to Note 7.          

(a)  
    Revenue sharing agreements between wealth and asset management and branch banking are eliminated in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.      

(b)  
    Includes impairment charges of $104 for branches and land. For more information refer to Note 7 and Note 22.

(c)  
    Includes impairment charges of $36 for operating lease equipment. For more information refer to Note 22.

(d)  
    Includes bank premises and equipment of $81 classified as held for sale. For more information, refer to Note
7.      

(e)  
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1, 2016, the September 30, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
was adjusted to reflect the reclassification of $35 of debt issuance costs from other assets to long-term debt. For further information refer to Note 3.      
      121  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Legal Proceedings (Item 1)   
 Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 for information regarding legal proceedings.
      Risk Factors (Item 1A)   
 There have been no material changes made during the third quarter of 2016 to any of the risk factors as previously disclosed in the
Bancorp s most recent annual report and subsequent periodic reports as filed with the SEC.       Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (Item 2)     Refer to the  Capital Management  section within Management s
Discussion and Analysis in Part I, Item 2 for additional information regarding purchases and sales of equity securities by the Bancorp during the third quarter of 2016.  
  Shares Issued Under Certain Employee Benefit Plans   
 During the third quarter of 2016, the Bancorp determined that a number of shares of Fifth Third Bancorp common stock offered under our 401(k)
Plan were previously inadvertently omitted from inclusion on the corresponding S-8 registration statements, that a number of securities granted under Fifth Third s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) and incentive compensation plans
were granted without appropriate prospectus delivery, and that deferred compensation obligations owed in respect of the Fifth Third Bancorp Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan may have been required to be registered. As a result, the Bancorp
estimates that (i) approximately 1,997,737 unregistered shares were sold through the 401(k) Plan during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, including approximately 273,338 shares sold during the third quarter of 2016; (ii) approximately
625,367 shares were purchased through the ESPP during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, including approximately 150,475 shares purchased during the third quarter of 2016; (iii) approximately 5,530,829 restricted shares and 6,365,069 stock
appreciation rights ( SARs ) were awarded under our incentive compensation plans during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, including approximately 36,631 and 0, respectively, awarded during the third quarter of 2016; (iv)
approximately 48,230 options and 3,235,555 SARs were exercised during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, at a weighted average option exercise price (or, in the case of SARs, mean grant date price per share) of $13.85, including
approximately 5,002 options and 1,455,052 SARs exercised during the third quarter of 2016; and (v) approximately $7,986,589 in aggregate deferrals were made under the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan during the twelve months ended September
30, 2016, including approximately $1,039,476 in deferrals during the third quarter of 2016.   The Bancorp expects to file the required Forms
S-8 and make a voluntary rescission offer to eligible plan participants during the fourth quarter of 2016 in order to remediate the registration and prospectus delivery defects. The Bancorp has also corrected the prospectus delivery defect in the
intervening period subsequent to the third quarter of 2016. Based on the market price of Fifth Third Bancorp s common stock in October 2016, the Bancorp does not expect that the exercise of any applicable rescission rights will have a material
impact on its results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities (Item 3)   
 None.     Mine Safety Disclosures (Item 4)
    Not applicable.     Other Information
(Item 5)     None.      
 Exhibits (Item 6)        

3.1  
    
   Amended Articles of Incorporation of Fifth Third Bancorp, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014.   
 
   3.2  
    
   Code of Regulations of Fifth Third Bancorp as Amended as of September 15, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to
the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016.   
 
   4.1  
    
   Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments.   
 
   10.1  
    
   Supplemental Confirmation to Master Confirmation for accelerated share repurchase transaction dated August 2, 2016 between
Fifth Third Bancorp and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.* Master Confirmation is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2015.   
 
   10.2  
    
   2017 Director Pay Program**   
 
   12.1  
    
   Computations of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   
 
   12.2  
    
   Computations of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend
Requirements.   
 
   31(i)  
    
   Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer.   
 
   31(ii)  
    
   Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer.   
 
   32(i)  
    
   Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by
Chief Executive Officer.    

      122  

Table of Contents  

32(ii)  
    
   Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by
Chief Financial Officer.   
 
   101  
    
   Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text and in detail.   

*  
    An application for confidential treatment for selected portions of this exhibit has been filed with the SEC.

**  
    Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.      
      123  

Table of Contents  

     Signatures   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

Fifth Third Bancorp  

Registrant  

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Tayfun Tuzun  

Tayfun Tuzun  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

124  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d264631dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  A MARK OF [**] IN THE TEXT OF THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL HAS BEEN OMITTED. THIS EXHIBIT, INCLUDING THE OMITTED PORTIONS, HAS
BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT UNDER RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.   
 Opening Transaction    SUPPLEMENTAL
CONFIRMATION      

To:  
   
   Fifth Third Bancorp   Fifth Third Center 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45263   

From:  
   
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association  

Subject:      
   
 Accelerated Stock Buyback  

Date:  
   
 August 2, 2016  
   The purpose of this Supplemental Confirmation is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction
entered into between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (  Wells Fargo  ) and Fifth Third Bancorp (  Counterparty  ) (together, the   Contracting Parties  ) on the Trade Date specified below. This
Supplemental Confirmation is a binding contract between Wells Fargo and Counterparty as of the relevant Trade Date for the Transaction referenced below.  
 1. This Supplemental Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to the Master Confirmation dated as of January 22, 2015 (the   Master
Confirmation  ) between the Contracting Parties, as amended and supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Master Confirmation govern this Supplemental Confirmation except as expressly modified below.  
 2. The terms of the Transaction to which this Supplemental Confirmation relates are as follows:  

Trade Date: 
   
   August 2, 2016   

Forward Price Adjustment Amount:           
   
    [**]*    

Calculation Period Start Date: 
   
   August 3, 2016   

Scheduled Termination Date: 
   
   November 2, 2016   

First Acceleration Date: 
   
    [**]*    

Prepayment Amount: 
   
   USD 240,000,000   

Prepayment Date: 
   
   August 5, 2016   

Initial Shares: 
   
 10,979,548 Shares;  provided  that if, in connection with the Transaction, Wells Fargo is unable to borrow or otherwise acquire a number of Shares equal to the Initial Shares for delivery to Counterparty on the Initial
Share Delivery Date, the Initial Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date shall be reduced to such number of Shares that Wells Fargo is able to so borrow or otherwise acquire, and Wells Fargo shall use reasonable good faith efforts to
borrow or otherwise acquire a number of Shares equal to the shortfall in the Initial Share Delivery and to deliver such additional Shares as soon as reasonably practicable. The aggregate of all Shares delivered to Counterparty in respect of the
Transaction pursuant to this paragraph shall be the  Initial Shares  for purposes of  Number of Shares to be Delivered  in the Master Confirmation.  

Initial Share Delivery Date: 
   
 August 5, 2016  

Ordinary Dividend Amount: 
   
  [**]*    

       * CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION HAS
BEEN OMITTED AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

A MARK OF [**] IN THE TEXT OF THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL HAS BEEN OMITTED. THIS
EXHIBIT, INCLUDING THE OMITTED PORTIONS, HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO AN APPLICATION REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT UNDER RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED.   

Scheduled Ex-Dividend Dates: 
   
 September 28, 2016  

Termination Price: 
   
  [**]*   

Additional Relevant Days: 
   
 The 5 th  Exchange Business Days immediately following the Calculation Period.  
 
  3. Counterparty represents and warrants to Wells Fargo that neither it nor any  affiliated purchaser  (as
defined in Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act) has made any purchases of blocks pursuant to the proviso in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) under the Exchange Act during either (i) the four full calendar weeks immediately preceding the Trade Date or
(ii) during the calendar week in which the Trade Date occurs.    4. This Supplemental Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts, all
of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Supplemental Confirmation by signing and delivering one or more counterparts.  
 [ Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank ]  
       * CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION HAS BEEN
OMITTED AND HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

Counterparty hereby agrees (a) to check this Supplemental Confirmation carefully and immediately
upon receipt so that errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that the foregoing (in the exact form provided by Wells Fargo) correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between Wells Fargo and
Counterparty with respect to any particular Transaction to which this Master Confirmation relates, by manually signing this Master Confirmation or this page hereof as evidence of agreement to such terms and providing the other information requested
herein and immediately returning an executed copy to   CorporateDerivativeNotifications@wellsfargo.com . .       

Yours faithfully,  

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION   

By:  
   
  /s/ Thomas Yates   
 
 Name: 
   
 Thomas Yates  
 
 Title: 
   
 Managing Director  

Agreed and Accepted By:  

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP   

By: 
   
 /s/ James C. Leonard  

Name: 
   
 James C. Leonard  

Title: 
   
 Treasurer  
   [ Signature Page to Supplemental Confirmation ]  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d264631dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2       

Director Pay
Program         

Bancorp Director    
    Pay Program     
 Fifth Third Bank s Director Pay Program is reviewed each year. Our compensation philosophy is to position director compensation competitively relative to
our peer group in order to attract and retain highly competent candidates with significant leadership capabilities for Board service. We benchmark the compensation package for Directors to that of our peers   those banks with whom we compete
for talent and customers.  
    
    Director pay at Fifth Third Bank is comprised of two primary components:

Annual Cash Retainer : Additional annual cash retainer is paid to committee chairpersons.        

Long-Term Incentive Compensation (LTI) : Equity-based awards consisting of restricted stock units (RSU).    
 Directors have the choice of deferring all components of pay. Cash retainers can be deferred under the Fifth Third Bancorp Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan
for Non-Employee Directors, and LTI can be deferred under the Fifth Third Bancorp 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan.

Bancorp Director Pay Program Highlights    

RSU Deferral Feature : You are able to choose to defer receipt of your award beyond when you leave the board. The deferral feature is described in more detail below.    

Dividend Deferral : For dividends payable on RSU awards you can choose between two delivery methods   cash payment or dividend reinvestment.    

Grant Date : The grant date coincides with the date of the Annual Meeting.        

Restricted Stock Units : Awards will be made in Restricted Stock Units.        

Vesting : There is no set vesting schedule for RSUs granted for Board service. Rather, RSUs are paid out in shares when you leave the Board.

Confidential   
   
   1     

Director Pay
Program              
     Plan Overview     
    
    Plan Objectives    

Attract and retain highly competent candidates with significant leadership capabilities for Board service.        

Tie a substantial portion of compensation to increases in long-term shareholder value.        

Provide appropriate recognition of the Director s time and commitment in overseeing governance for Fifth Third Bancorp.

Eligible Participants    
 All non-employee Bancorp Directors are eligible to participate.

Type        
    
   Payment Amount   
    
   Payment Timing    

Annual Board Compensation   

Board Chair $200,000     
 Director $85,000      

Paid Quarterly (in arrears)   January,
April, July, October   
 
     Annual
Committee       Compensation    

Audit Committee    Chair
Retainer $45,000   Member Retainer $10,000     
  Human Capital    
  Compensation Commitee    Chair
Retainer $25,000        Risk   Compliance
Commitee    Chair Retainer $45,000 
 Member Retainer $10,000     
  Finance Commitee    Chair
Retainer $55,000        Nominating   Corporate  
  Governance Committee    Chair
Retainer $20,000      

Paid Quarterly (in arrears)   January,
April, July, October   
 
   Restricted Stock Unit Grant   

Board Chair $150,000     
 Director $125,000      
    
 Annual Meeting Date  
 
   Dividend Equivalents   

As declared   paid in cash   or
reinvested as elected.      
    
 Paid quarterly  
   Note: A pro-rated RSU grant will be awarded upon a Director s election to the Board if the election occurs outside of the
annual shareholders meeting.    Directors have a stock ownership guideline in place that requires an ownership level of $300,000 or more of Fifth Third
stock. Directors have 5 years from their election date to meet this requirement.  

Confidential   
   
   2     

Director Pay
Program              
 
  As a Fifth Third Bancorp Director, there are several ways that you can defer receipt of your compensation for
services as a Director. These are outlined below.      Director Cash Retainer Deferral    
 Fifth Third has made available to its Directors the option to defer 50 percent or more of the cash compensation payable for services as a Director and/or as a
member of a Committee of the Board of Directors. Percentage elections are made on an annual basis during open enrollment, which typically occurs during November or December. The percentage you elect will be credited to your Deferred Compensation
account instead of being paid to you by check. You choose on the election form when you d like to receive the cash. For more information, please see the Summary of the Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan.  
   Director LTI Deferral      The
vesting on any LTI award will be deferred until your service as a Board of Director ends. This means that when you leave the Board all of your accumulated LTI awards will be distributed to you in one lump sum. If you choose, you may elect to change
the timing of your distributions by deferring receipt until a later date.    The deferral election period typically occurs during November or December for
the following years RSU grant. During the deferral election period you can choose one or a combination of the following schedules for any grants you may be given in the future:  

Lump Sum Distribution : You can choose to defer receipt of your grants from one to 10 years after the date you leave the Board. Units will be distributed in one lump sum on August 1 of the year chosen
following your service end date. Example: Board leave date is February 1, 2016, and five years after term date is elected as the deferral. Units will distribute in one lump sum on August 1, 2021.    

Installment Distribution : You can also choose to spread receipt of your accumulated units over one to 10 years. Distributions from each outstanding grant will occur in equal annual installments starting on
August 1 following your service end date. All distributions are to be completed by the 10th anniversary of your leave date. Example: Service end date is February 1, 2016, and an annual installment over five years is elected; The distribution
will be made in substantially equal, annual installments to last five years. The first distribution would be made August 1, 2016.      The
initial election to tell us how you d like to receive

your distributions is made once. The schedule you choose will apply to any grants you will receive in the future. After your distribution schedule is chosen, you will receive an election form
each fall to let us know whether or not you will be deferring the upcoming year s RSU grant.   If you decide one year that you do not wish to defer per
your original deferral instructions, the RSU grant you receive the following year will be distributed on your Board service end date.      Dividend Equivalents      As described above, Directors have two choices for how dividend equivalents will be paid; in cash or
reinvested. If the cash election is made, you will receive your dividend equivalent payment by check. If the reinvestment election is made, your dividend equivalent amount will be converted to additional Restricted Stock Units. These additional
units will be attached to your outstanding awards and will be distributed to you at the same time you receive the shares from your Restricted Stock Units. The Director LTI deferral election materials will include election information for dividend
equivalents.      Designation of a Beneficiary    
 You may designate a person or persons to receive any rights to which you would be entitled under the plan in the event of your death. To designate a
beneficiary, log onto your Fidelity brokerage account, go to  update account/features  and click on your profile. Follow the steps provided online to designate beneficiaries for your account. If you decide not to designate a beneficiary,
your estate shall be deemed to be the beneficiary.  

Confidential   
   
   3     

Director Pay
Program              
     Questions   Answers     
    
    What if I want to change my payout election?    
 After you make your initial election, if you decide you want to change your election, a one-time change will be allowed by submitting a new election form.
Election changes to outstanding grants are allowed provided they are made at least one year before the scheduled payout, and must defer payout for at least five additional years (but cannot defer payment beyond 10 years after your leave date).  
   If I choose installments, how will my distribution be calculated?    
 For the purposes of calculating an installment schedule, distributions will be made in substantially equal, annual installments to last from 1 -10 years
accordingly. The last distribution can be made no later than the tenth calendar year following the calendar year of your service end date.

Who do I contact with questions?    
 Please contact the following individuals with any questions you might have:  
  Chris Minnich     Director Total Rewards  
 513-534-0341     Carmen Arszman   
 Executive Compensation Manager    513-534-6423

Confidential  
   
   4     

</EX-10.2>

<EX-12.1>
 4
 d264631dex121.htm
 EX-12.1

EX-12.1 

Exhibit 12.1   
 Fifth Third Bancorp    Computations
of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges    ($ in millions)  

</EX-12.1>

<EX-12.2>
 5
 d264631dex122.htm
 EX-12.2

EX-12.2 

Exhibit 12.2   
 Fifth Third Bancorp    Computations
of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividend Requirements    ($ in millions)  

</EX-12.2>

<EX-31.(I)>
 6
 d264631dex31i.htm
 EX-31.(I)

EX-31.(i) 

Exhibit 31(i)   
    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Greg D.
Carmichael, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Fifth Third Bancorp (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Greg D. Carmichael   
 
 Greg D. Carmichael  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.(I)>

<EX-31.(II)>
 7
 d264631dex31ii.htm
 EX-31.(II)

EX-31.(ii) 

Exhibit 31(ii)   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT   
  TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Tayfun
Tuzun, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Fifth Third Bancorp (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Tayfun Tuzun  
 
 Tayfun Tuzun  
 
   Executive Vice President and   Chief Financial
Officer   
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.(II)>

<EX-32.(I)>
 8
 d264631dex32i.htm
 EX-32.(I)

EX-32.(i) 

Exhibit 32(i)   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fifth Third Bancorp (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Greg D. Carmichael, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.    

/s/ Greg D. Carmichael   
 
 Greg D. Carmichael  
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.(I)>

<EX-32.(II)>
 9
 d264631dex32ii.htm
 EX-32.(II)

EX-32.(ii) 

Exhibit 32(ii)   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fifth Third Bancorp (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Tayfun Tuzun, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.    

/s/ Tayfun Tuzun   
 
 Tayfun Tuzun  
 
   Executive Vice President and   Chief Financial
Officer   
 
 November 9, 2016  

</EX-32.(II)>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 fitb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fitb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 fitb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fitb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 fitb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 fitb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

