<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1350653_0001350653-16-000114_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9192172</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>682314</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>392851</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3775495</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2902492</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1159082</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001350653-16-000114.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001350653-16-000114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alphatec Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001350653
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				202463898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52024
		FILM NUMBER:		161985085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5818 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-431-9286

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5818 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001350653-16-000114.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 atec-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                      to                      
  Commission File Number: 000-52024 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    20-2463898 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

5818 El Camino Real 
  Carlsbad, CA 92008 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
  (760) 431-9286 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    o 
       
    Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o   (Do not check if a small reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)    Yes    o      No    x   As of   November 8, 2016  , there were   8,909,601   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  September 30, 2016    
  Table of Contents 

Page 
        
     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    25 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    38 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    38 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    40 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    40 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    42 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    43 

SIGNATURES  
    44 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands, except for par value data)    

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
   
  1. T  he Company and Basis of Presentation 
  The Company 
  Alphatec Holdings, Inc. ( Alphatec,   Alphatec Holdings  or the  Company ), through its wholly owned subsidiary, Alphatec Spine, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Alphatec Spine ), designs, develops, manufactures and markets products for the surgical treatment of spine disorders.  
  Prior to September 1, 2016, the Company marketed its products in the U.S. market and in over   50   international markets through the distribution channels of Alphatec Spine and its affiliate, Scient x S.A.S., and its subsidiaries ( Scient x ), via a direct sales force in Italy and the United Kingdom and via independent distributors in the rest of Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In South America and Latin America, the Company conducted its operations through its Brazilian subsidiary, Cibramed Productos Medicos. In Japan, the Company marketed its products through its subsidiary, Alphatec Pacific, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Alphatec Pacific ). 
  On September 1, 2016, the Company completed the sale of its international distribution operations and agreements to Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd., a subsidiary of Globus Medical, Inc., and its affiliated entities (collectively  Globus ), including the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries in Japan, Brazil, Australia and Singapore and substantially all of the assets of the Company s other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy (collectively, the  International Business ), pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement, dated as of July 25, 2016 (as amended, the  Purchase and Sale Agreement ) (the  Globus Transaction ). As a result of the Globus Transaction, the Company's International Business has been excluded from continuing operations for all periods presented in this report and is reported as discontinued operations. See Note 4 for additional information on the divestiture of the International Business. The Company operates in   one   reportable business segment.  The sale of the international operations represents a strategic shift and has a significant impact on the Company's operations and financial results. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of     December 31, 2015  , which has been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in     accordance     with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and     Exchange     Commission ( SEC ) related to a quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual audited financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are adequate to make the information not misleading. The interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended     December 31, 2015  , which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended     December 31, 2015     that was filed with the SEC on     March 15, 2016  . 
  Operating   results     for the     three and nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     are not necessarily indicative of the results that     may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , or any other future periods. 
  On August 24, 2016, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware to effectuate a 1-for-12 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto give retrospective effect to the reverse stock split for all periods presented. All issued and outstanding common stock, options exercisable for common stock, warrants exercisable for common stock, restricted stock units, and per share amounts contained in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split for all periods presented. 
  The Company has incurred significant net losses since inception and has relied on its ability to fund its operations through revenues from the sale of its products, equity financings and debt financings. As the Company has incurred losses, successful transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure. This may not occur and, unless and until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying condensed  
  
   8 

consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. A going concern basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of the Company s assets and the satisfaction of its liabilities in the normal course of business. Operating losses and negative cash flows may continue for at least the next year as the Company continues to incur costs related to the execution of its operating plan and introduction of new products. 
   
  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to its audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on   March 15, 2016  . Except for revenue recognition as discussed below, these accounting policies have not significantly changed during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Revenue Recognition 
  The application of the multiple element guidance requires subjective determinations, and requires the Company to make judgments about the individual deliverables and whether such deliverables are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. Deliverables are considered separate units of accounting provided that: (1) the delivered items has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis and (2) if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered items, delivery or performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and substantially in the Company's control. In determining the units of accounting, the Company evaluates certain criteria, including whether the deliverables have stand-alone value, based on the consideration of the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. In addition, the Company considers whether the buyer can use the other deliverables for their intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining elements, whether the value of the deliverable is dependent on the undelivered items, and whether there are other vendors that can provide the undelivered elements. 
  Revenue arrangements with multiple elements are divided into separate units of accounting if certain criteria are met, including whether the delivered element has stand-alone value to the customer. The consideration received is allocated among the separate units based on their respective fair values, and the applicable revenue recognition criteria are applied to each of the separate units. Arrangement consideration that is fixed or determinable is allocated among the separate units of accounting using the relative selling price method, and the applicable revenue recognition criteria are applied to each of the separate units of accounting in determining the appropriate period or pattern of recognition. The Company determines the estimated selling price for deliverables within each agreement using vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, if available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price if VSOE is not available, or management's best estimate of selling price (BESP) if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. Determining the BESP for a unit of accounting requires significant judgment. In developing the BESP for a unit of accounting, the Company considers applicable market conditions and relevant entity-specific factors, including factors that were contemplated in negotiating the agreement with the customer and estimated costs. 
  Fair Value Measurements 
  The carrying amount of financial instruments consisting of cash, restricted cash, trade accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued compensation and current portion of long-term debt included in the Company s consolidated financial statements are reasonable estimates of fair value due to their short maturities. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for loans with similar terms, management believes the fair value of long-term debt approximates its carrying value. 
  Authoritative guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
                 Level 1: 
    Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 
      Level 2: 
    Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 
      Level 3: 
    Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

9 

The Company does not maintain any financial instruments that are considered to be Level 1 or Level 2 instruments as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . The Company classifies its common stock warrant liabilities within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using valuation models with significant unobservable inputs. The following table provides a reconciliation of liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Prior to the conversion to common stock described in Note 6, the common stock warrant liabilities were measured at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model for the common stock warrant liabilities were: (a) a risk-free interest rate based on the rates for U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the remaining contractual term of the warrants; (b) an assumed dividend yield of   zero   based on the Company s expectation that it will not pay dividends in the foreseeable future; (c) an expected term based on the remaining contractual term of the warrants; and (d) an expected volatility based upon the Company's historical volatility over the remaining contractual term of the warrants. The significant unobservable input used in measuring the fair value of the common stock warrant liabilities associated with the Deerfield Facility Agreement (described in Note 6 below) was the expected volatility.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. This new standard replaces all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminates all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance, including all subsequent clarifications, is effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its financial statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance related to disclosures of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The guidance requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued. Management will be required to make this evaluation for both annual and interim reporting periods and will have to make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim reporting periods thereafter. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance and expects to adopt the standard for the annual reporting period ending December 31, 2016. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance, which amends current presentation guidance by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. Prior to the issuance this guidance, debt issuance costs were required to be presented as an asset in the balance sheet. The Company adopted the provisions of the new guidance during the interim period ended March 31, 2016 and prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. As of December 31, 2015,   $0.4 million   of debt issuance costs were reclassified in the consolidated balance sheet from prepaid expenses and other current assets to current portion of long-term debt. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not impact the Company's consolidated statement of operations, comprehensive income (loss) or cash flows. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value for entities that do not measure inventory using the last-in, first-out or retail inventory method. The guidance also eliminates the requirement for these entities to consider replacement cost or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The guidance is effective for  
  
   10 

annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes several aspects of the accounting for leases, including the requirement that all leases with durations greater than twelve months be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including accounting and cash flow classification for excess tax benefits and deficiencies, forfeitures, and tax withholding requirements and cash flow classification. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, unless deemed impracticable, in which case, prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance and has not determined the impact this standards update may have on its financial statements. 
   
  3. Select Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Details 
  Accounts Receivable, net 
  Accounts receivable, net consist of the following (in thousands): 

Inventories, net 
  Inventories, net consist of the following (in thousands): 

Property and Equipment, net 
  Property and equipment, net consist of the following (in thousands except as indicated): 
  
   11 

Total depreciation expense was     $1.6 million     and     $2.8 million     for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  , respectively. Total depreciation expense was     $5.6 million     and     $7.5 million     for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  , respectively.     At   September 30, 2016  , assets recorded under capital leases of   $2.1 million   were included in the machinery and equipment balance. At   December 31, 2015  , assets recorded under capital leases of   $2.6 million   were included in the machinery and equipment balance and   $0.1 million   were included in the construction in progress balance. Amortization of assets under capital leases was included in depreciation expense. 
  Intangible Assets, net 
  Intangible assets, net consist of the following (in thousands except for useful lives): 

Total amortization     expense     was     $0.3 million     and     $0.5 million     for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  , respectively. Total amortization expense was     $0.9 million     and     $3.3 million     for the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  , respectively. 
  In connection with the sale of the International Business (see Note 4), the Company determined that certain intangible assets related to the Company's previous acquisition of Scient'x, including customer relationships, distribution network and key product tradename intangible assets, no longer had a business purpose and no cash flows associated with these assets are expected in the future. As a result, the Company recorded   $1.7 million   as intangible impairment expense during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . Prior to the impairment, amortization of these intangible assets had been recorded in amortization of acquired intangible assets within operating expenses. 
  On June 19, 2015, the Company entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with a third party to market a biologic product. The Company expensed   $0.3 million   as an impairment charge in cost of goods sold in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   for the write-off of an intangible asset related to this product. Additionally, due to a revised marketing strategy for the Company's Epicage interbody fusion device, the Company evaluated the related intangible asset for impairment. As a result of this impairment analysis, the Company expensed   $0.9 million   as an impairment charge in cost of goods sold for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   for the write-off of an intangible asset related to this product. 
  
   12 

In the third quarter of 2015, the market value of the Company s common stock substantially declined. As a result of this decline, the Company determined that it had an indicator of impairment of its goodwill, and an interim test of goodwill impairment was required. As a result of this interim test, the Company recorded a charge of   $164.3 million  , representing the write-off of the remaining balance of goodwill in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  In connection with the step two goodwill impairment test performed in the third quarter of 2015, the Company determined that the physician education intangible acquired in the Scient x acquisition was impaired. As a result, the Company expensed   $0.9 million   included in goodwill and intangible impairment of discontinued operations in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Future     amortization   expense related to intangible assets as of     September 30, 2016     is as follows (in thousands):   

     Accrued Expenses 
  Accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands): 

4. Discontinued Operations 
  In order to pay down a portion of its debt and improve its liquidity position and future cash flows, on September 1, 2016, the Company closed the Globus Transaction (described in Note 1). Following the closing of the Globus Transaction, the Company only sells its products in the U.S. market and is prohibited from marketing and selling its products outside the United States and its possessions and territories until the date that is   two years   following the termination of the Supply Agreement (as described below). As a result of the Globus Transaction, the Company has retrospectively revised the condensed consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015   and the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   to reflect the financial results from the International Business, and the related assets and liabilities, as discontinued operations. 
  At the closing of the Globus Transaction, Globus paid the Company   $80 million   in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment. On September 1, 2016, the Company used approximately   $69 million   of the consideration received to (i) repay in full all amounts outstanding and due under the Company s Deerfield Facility Agreement (described in Note 6 below) and (ii) repay certain of its outstanding indebtedness under the Company s Amended Credit Facility with MidCap (described in Note  
  
   13 

6), in each case, including debt-related costs. Also on September 1, 2016, the Company entered into a   five  -year term credit, security and guaranty agreement with Globus (the  Globus Facility Agreement ), as further described in Note 6, pursuant to which Globus agreed to loan the Company up to   $30 million  , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Globus Facility Agreement.  
  The following table summarizes the preliminary calculation of the gain on sale, which will be finalized during the fourth quarter of 2016 (in thousands): 

The results of operations from discontinued operations presented below include certain allocations that management believes fairly reflect the utilization of services provided to the International Business. The allocations do not include amounts related to general corporate administrative expenses. Therefore, the results of operations from the International Business do not necessarily reflect what the results of operations would have been had the International Business operated as a stand-alone entity. 
  In connection with the Globus Transaction, the Company entered into a product manufacture and supply agreement (the  Supply Agreement ) with Globus, pursuant to which the Company agreed to supply to Globus certain of its implants and instruments (the  Products ), previously offered for sale by the Company in international markets at agreed-upon prices for a minimum term of   three   years, with the option for Globus to extend the term for up to   two   additional twelve month periods subject to Globus meeting specified purchase requirements. In accordance with authoritative guidance, certain intercompany sales transactions have been reported under continuing operations as the Company will have continuing involvement due to future sales to Globus under the Supply Agreement. In connection with the Globus Transaction, Globus received a credit of up to a   $3.9 million   to be applied against Product purchases pursuant to the Supply Agreement during a   six  -month period commencing one month after the closing of the Globus Transaction, which has been included as a reduction of the consideration received for the sale of the International Business.  
  The agreements entered into concurrently with the sale of the International Business, including the Transition Services Agreement and Supply Agreement, contain various elements and, as such, are deemed to be an arrangement with multiple deliverables as defined under authoritative accounting guidance (see Note 2). Several non-contingent deliverables were identified within the agreements. The Company identified the contract supply services, transition services and the Globus Facility as separate non-contingent deliverables within the arrangement.  The Company determined the estimated selling price (fair value) for each of the non-contingent deliverables on a standalone basis by utilizing relevant market data and entity-specific factors.  Based on the respective standalone fair values of the deliverables, there was no discount to allocate among the deliverables and the consideration received for each deliverable approximated standalone fair value.  As such, none of the purchase consideration was allocated to these elements.  
  Included in the results of continuing operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are revenues of   $1.4 million   and   $4.2 million  , respectively, and cost of revenue of   $1.8 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively, that represent intercompany transactions that, prior to the Globus Transaction, were eliminated in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. Included in the results of continuing operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are revenues of   $8.9 million   and   $13.5 million  , respectively, and cost of revenue of   $8.9 million   and   $13.5 million  , respectively, that represent intercompany transactions that, prior to the Globus Transaction, were eliminated in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded less than   $0.1 million   in revenue and cost of sales from the Supply Agreement that are included in the continuing operations.  
  In connection with the Globus Transaction, the Company included the interest expense of   $2.2 million   and   $7.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $2.1 million   and   $6.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively incurred in connection with repayment from the proceeds from the Globus Transaction of all amounts outstanding and due under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and Amended Credit Facility (as further  
  
   14 

described in Note 6) in the loss from discontinued operations to the extent these debt facilities were repaid using the proceeds from the Globus Transaction.  
  The following table summarizes the results of discontinued operations for the periods presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

15 

The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities of discontinued operations as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   related to the International Business (in thousands): 

Included in the cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   are the following non-cash adjustments related to the discontinued operations (in thousands): 

5. License and Consulting Agreements 
  The Company s license and consulting agreements are described in Note 4 to its audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on   March 15, 2016  . 
  
   16 

6.   Debt 
  MidCap Facility Agreement 
  On August 30, 2013, the Company entered into the     amended and restated credit, security and guaranty agreement with MidCap Funding IV, LLC ( MidCap ), as amended to date (the    Amended Credit Facility     ), which amended and restated the prior credit facility that the Company had with MidCap.     On September 1, 2016, the Company and MidCap entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility (the  MidCap Fifth Amendment ) that: (a) permitted (i) the Globus Transaction, (ii) the release of Alphatec International LLC and Alphatec Pacific, Inc. as credit parties, (iii) the payment in full of all obligations to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P. and Deerfield Special Situations International Master Fund, L.P. (collectively,  Deerfield ) under the Facility Agreement between the Company and Deerfield, dated as of March 17, 2014, as amended to date (the  Deerfield Facility Agreement ), and (iv) the incurrence of debt under the Globus Facility Agreement and the granting of liens in favor of Globus; (b) reduced the revolving credit commitment to   $22.5 million   and the term loan commitment to   $5 million  ; (c) revised the existing financial covenant package; and (d) extended the commitment expiry date from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2019. In connection with the prepayment of the term loan under the   Amended Credit Facility  , the Company incurred a prepayment fee of   $0.6 million   payable to MidCap.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $12.2 million   was outstanding under the revolving line of credit and   $4.9 million   was outstanding under the term loan.  
  The term loan interest rate is priced at the London Interbank Offered Rate     ("LIBOR") plus 8.0%  , subject to a     9.5%     floor, and the revolving line of credit interest rate remains priced at     LIBOR plus 6.0%  , reset monthly. At     September 30, 2016  , the revolving line of credit carried an   interest     rate of     6.5%     and the term loan carries an interest rate of     9.5%  . The borrowing base is determined, from time to time, based on the value of domestic eligible accounts receivable and domestic eligible inventory. As collateral for the     Amended     Credit Facility, the Company granted MidCap a security interest in substantially all of its assets, including all accounts receivable and all securities evidencing its interests in its subsidiaries. In addition to monthly payments of interest, monthly repayments of     $0.1 million     through the end of 2016,     $0.2 million     in 2017 and     $0.3 million     in 2018 through maturity are due, with the remaining principal due upon maturity. 
  The Amended Credit Facility includes traditional lending and reporting covenants including a fixed charge coverage ratio, a senior leverage ratio and a total leverage ratio to be maintained by the Company. The Amended Credit Facility also includes several event of default provisions, such as payment default and insolvency conditions, which could cause interest to be charged at a rate which is up to   five   percentage points above the rate effective immediately before the event of default or result in MidCap s right to declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable. The financial covenants of the Amended Credit Facility are not effective until April 2017. There is no assurance that the Company will be in compliance with the financial covenants of the Amended Credit Facility in the future.  
  On March 11, 2016, the Company entered into a third amendment and waiver to the Amended Credit Facility with MidCap (the "Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility"). The Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility extended the maturity date of the Amended Credit Facility from August 30, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and contained an amendment fee in the amount of   $0.5 million  , which was due and payable at the earlier of the termination of the Amended Credit Facility or the maturity date. The Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility also contained a waiver of the December 2015 defaults under the Amended Credit Facility, provided a waiver for the fixed charge coverage ratio for January 2016 and eliminated the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant for February 2016.   At     September 30, 2016  ,     $2.1 million     remains as unamortized debt discount related to the prior and Amended Credit Facility within the condensed consolidated balance sheet, which will be amortized over the remaining term of the Amended Credit Facility. 
  On August 8, 2016, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility with MidCap (the "Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility"). The Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility provided for a   $2.2 million   increase to the borrowing base until September 15, 2016, and included an amendment fee of   $0.2 million  , which was due and payable on August 8, 2016. The Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility also contained a waiver for the May and June 2016 non-compliances.  
  
   17 

Deerfield Facility Agreement 
  On March 17, 2014, the Company entered into the Deerfield Facility Agreement, pursuant to which Deerfield agreed to loan the Company up to   $50 million  , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Deerfield Facility Agreement. Under the terms of the Deerfield Facility Agreement, the Company had the option, but was not required, upon certain conditions to draw the entire amount available under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, at any time until January 30, 2015, provided that the initial draw be used for a portion of the payments made in connection with the Orthotec settlement described in Note 7 below. The Company agreed to pay Deerfield, upon each disbursement of funds under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, a transaction fee equal to   2.5%   of the principal amount of the funds disbursed.  
  In connection with the execution of the Deerfield Facility Agreement on March 17, 2014, the Company issued to Deerfield warrants to purchase an aggregate of   520,833   shares of the Company s common stock, which are immediately exercisable and have an exercise price equal to   $16.68   per share (the  Initial Warrants ). Additionally, the Company agreed that each disbursement borrowing under the Deerfield Facility Agreement be accompanied by the issuance to Deerfield of warrants to purchase up to   833,333   shares of the Company s common stock, in proportion to the amount of draw compared to the total   $50 million   facility (the "Draw Warrants"). 
  On March 20, 2014, the Company made an initial draw of   $20 million   under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and received net proceeds of   $19.5 million   to fund the portion of the settlement payment obligations that were due in 2014 to Orthotec, LLC. The   $0.5 million   transaction fee was recorded as a debt discount and was being amortized over the term of the draw, which ends March 20, 2019. In connection with this borrowing, the Company issued Draw Warrants to purchase   333,333   shares of common stock at an exercise price of   $16.68   per share, which were valued at   $4.7 million   and recorded as a debt discount, which were being amortized over the term of the   $20 million   draw. Additionally,   $2.3 million   of the value of the Initial Warrants was reclassified as a debt discount and is being amortized through interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method. 
  On November 21, 2014, the Company made a second draw of   $6.0 million   under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and received net proceeds of   $5.9 million   to fund a portion of the Orthotec settlement payments due through 2016. The   $0.2 million   transaction fee was recorded as a debt discount and was being amortized over the remaining term of the draw, which ends March 20, 2019. In connection with this second draw, the Company issued Draw Warrants to purchase   100,000   shares of common stock at an exercise price of   $16.68   per share, which Draw Warrants were valued at   $0.9 million   and were recorded as a debt discount, which was being amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method. Additionally,   $0.2 million   of the value of the Initial Warrants was reclassified as a debt discount and was being amortized through interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method.   No   amounts remain available for the Company to borrow under the Facility Agreement. 
  On February 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Limited Waiver and Second Amendment to the Deerfield Facility Agreement (the  Deerfield Facility Agreement Second Amendment ) with Deerfield. The Deerfield Facility Agreement Second Amendment increased the interest rate under the Facility Agreement from   8.75%   per annum to   14.75%   per annum. In addition, the Deerfield Facility Agreement Second Amendment provided that the Company may elect to have (i) until August 30, 2016, six percent (  6%  ), and (ii) thereafter, three percent (  3%  ), in each case, of the interest on the outstanding principal amount under the Facility Agreement paid in kind, which would be added to the outstanding principal amount under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and bear interest at the interest rate of   14.75%   per annum (the  PIK Interest ). All accrued and unpaid PIK Interest was due and payable when the outstanding amounts under the Facility Agreement were due and payable thereunder or were fully repaid, whichever occurs first. The Deerfield Facility Agreement Second Amendment also contained an amendment fee in the amount of   $0.6 million  , which was due and payable in installments of   $0.2 million   on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the Deerfield Facility Agreement; provided that all unpaid amendment fees shall be due and payable when the outstanding amounts under the Facility Agreement are due and payable or are fully repaid, whichever occurs first. The Deerfield Facility Agreement Second Amendment also changed the date from March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2018, as the date through which the Company must pay interest in the event the Company prepays amounts outstanding under the Deerfield Facility Agreement prior to such date. The Second Amendment also contained a waiver of the defaults under the Deerfield Facility Agreement for the fixed charge coverage ratio for the month of January 2016. 
  In September 2016, in connection with the Globus Transaction, Deerfield exercised its right to convert all outstanding Initial Warrants and Draw Warrants into shares of the Company's common stock based on the Black-Scholes value of the warrants. The outstanding warrants were converted into   268,614   shares of the Company's common stock. Prior to the conversion, the outstanding warrants were periodically revalued to their fair value resulting in income of   $0.1 million   and an expense of   $0.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, included in other income and expense. The revaluation of the warrants to their fair value during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, resulted in income of   $6.3 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively.  
  
   18 

On September 1, 2016, in connection with the Globus Transaction, the Company repaid in full all amounts outstanding and due under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and terminated the Deerfield Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the Globus Facility Agreement and the MidCap Fifth Amendment, the Company made a final payment of   $33.5 million   to Deerfield, consisting of outstanding principal and accrued interest of   $27.9 million  , a prepayment premium of   $5.6 million   and other related fees and wrote-off   $3.9 million   of unamortized expenses resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment of   $9.5 million  . The interest expense historically incurred in connection with the Deerfield Facility Agreement of   $2.2 million   and   $7.2 million   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively and   $2.1 million   and   $6.5 million   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively is included in the loss from discontinued operations.  
  Globus Facility Agreement 
  On September 1, 2016, the Company and Globus entered into the Globus Facility Agreement, pursuant to which Globus agreed to loan the Company up to   $30 million  , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Globus Facility Agreement. At the closing of the Globus Transaction, the Company made an initial draw of   $25 million   under the Globus Facility Agreement. The remaining amount may be advanced in up to two additional draws, each in an aggregate amount of no less than   $2 million  , as requested by the Company at any time prior to December 31, 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance under the Globus Facility Agreement was   $25.0 million  , which becomes due and payable in quarterly payments of   $0.8 million   starting in September 2018, with a final payment of the remaining amount outstanding due on September 1, 2021.    The term loan interest rate is priced at     LIBOR plus 8.0%     through September 1, 2018, and     LIBOR plus 13.0%  , thereafter. 
  As collateral for the Globus Facility Agreement, the Company granted Globus a first lien security interest in substantially all of its assets, other than accounts receivable and related assets, which will secure the Globus Facility Agreement on a second lien basis. The Globus Facility Agreement includes traditional lending and reporting covenants including a fixed charge coverage ratio to be maintained by the Company. The financial covenants of the Globus Facility Agreement are not effective until April 2017. There is no assurance that the Company will be in compliance with the financial covenants of the Globus Facility Agreement in the future. The Globus Facility Agreement also includes several event of default provisions, such as payment default and insolvency conditions, which could cause interest to be charged at a rate which is up to   five   percentage points above the rate effective immediately before the event of default or result in Globus s right to declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable. 
  Principal payments on the Company's     debt     are as follows as of     September 30, 2016     (in thousands): 

19 

7. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Leases 
  The Company leases certain equipment under capital leases which expire on various dates through   2017  . The leases bear interest at rates ranging from   6.6%   to   9.6%   per annum, are generally due in monthly principal and interest installments and are collateralized by the related equipment. The Company also leases its buildings and certain equipment and vehicles under operating leases which expire on various dates through 2018. Future minimum annual lease payments under such leases are as follows as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

Rent expense under operating leases for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015     was     $0.7 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively.   Rent expense under operating leases     for     the nine months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015     was     $2.0 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively.  
  Litigation 
  The Company is and may become involved in various legal proceedings arising from its business activities. While management is not aware of any litigation matter that in and of itself would have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, litigation is inherently unpredictable, and depending on the nature and timing of a proceeding, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect the Company s future consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular period.  The Company assesses contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual or disclosure in the Company's consolidated financial statements. An estimated loss contingency is accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. When evaluating contingencies, the Company may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories, and/or the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matters. In addition, damage amounts claimed in litigation against the Company may be unsupported, exaggerated or unrelated to reasonably possible outcomes, and as such are not meaningful indicators of the Company s potential liability. 
  Indemnifications  
  In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements under which it occasionally indemnifies third-parties for intellectual property infringement claims or claims arising from breaches of representations or warranties. In addition, from time to time, the Company provides indemnity protection to third-parties for claims relating to past performance arising from undisclosed liabilities, product liabilities, environmental obligations, representations and warranties, and other claims. In these agreements, the scope and amount of remedy, or the period in which claims can be made, may be limited. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, due under these indemnities due to the conditional nature of the obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each agreement. 
  
   20 

Royalties 
  The Company has entered into various intellectual property agreements requiring the payment of royalties based on the sale of products that utilize such intellectual property. These royalties primarily relate to products sold by Alphatec Spine and are calculated either as a percentage of net     sales     or in one instance on a per-unit sold basis. Royalties are included on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations as a component of cost of revenues. 
   
  8. Orthotec Settlement 
  On September 26, 2014, the Company entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among the Company and its direct subsidiaries, including Alphatec Spine, Inc., Alphatec Holdings International C.V., Scient'x S.A.S. and Surgiview S.A.S.; HealthpointCapital, LLC, HealthpointCapital Partners, L.P., HealthpointCapital Partners II, L.P., John H. Foster and Mortimer Berkowitz III; and Orthotec, LLC and Patrick Bertranou, (the  Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Orthotec, LLC   $49.0 million   in cash, including initial cash payments totaling   $1.75 million  , which the Company previously paid in March 2014, and an additional lump sum payment of   $15.75 million  , which the Company previously paid in April 2014. The Company agreed to pay the remaining   $31.5 million   in   28   quarterly installments of   $1.1 million   and   one   additional quarterly installment of   $0.7 million  , commencing October 1, 2014.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has made installment payments in the aggregate of   $26.3 million  , with a remaining outstanding balance of   $24.8 million  . The Company has the right to prepay the amounts due without penalty. In addition, the unpaid balance of the amounts due accrues interest at the rate of   7%   per year beginning May 15, 2014 until the amounts due are paid in full. The accrued but unpaid interest will be paid in quarterly installments of   $1.1 million   (or the full amount of the accrued but unpaid interest if less than   $1.1 million  ) following the full payment of the   $31.5 million   in quarterly installments described above. No interest will accrue on the accrued interest. The Settlement Agreement provided for mutual releases of all claims in the Orthotec, LLC v. Surgiview, S.A.S, et al. matter in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County and all other related litigation matters involving the Company and its directors and affiliates. 
   
  9. Net Loss Per Share 
  Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is calculated by dividing the net income or loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period and the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury-stock method. For purposes of this calculation, common stock subject to repurchase by the Company, options, performance-based restricted stock units and warrants are considered to be common stock equivalents and are only included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share when their effect is dilutive.  
  
   21 

The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for continuing and discontinued operations (in thousands, except per share amounts):   

The anti-dilutive securities not included in diluted net loss per share were as follows (in thousands): 

10. Stock Benefit Plans and Stock-Based Compensation 
  In 2005, the Company adopted its 2005 Employee, Director, and Consultant Stock Plan (the  2005 Plan ). The 2005 Plan expired in April 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   742,183   shares issuable under the 2005 Plan.  
  In the third quarter of 2016, the Company adopted its 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). The 2016 Plan allows for the grant of options, restricted stock, restricted stock unit awards and performance unit awards to employees, directors, and consultants of the Company. Since its adoption, the 2016 Plan has had   1,083,333   shares of common stock reserved for issuance. The Board of Directors determines the terms of the grants made under the 2016 Plan. Options granted under the 2016 Plan expire no later than   ten   years from the date of grant (  five   years for incentive stock options granted to holders of more than 10% of the Company s voting stock). Options generally vest over a   four   year period and may be immediately exercisable upon a change of control of the Company. The exercise price of incentive stock options may not be less than   100%   of the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The exercise price of any option granted to a 10% stockholder may be no less than   110%   of the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   102,101   options and awards to consultants under the 2016 Plan. At   September 30, 2016  ,   981,232   shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan will expire in May 2026. 
  
   22 

On October 4, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2016 Employment Inducement Award Plan (the  Inducement Plan ). The Inducement Plan allows for the grant of options, restricted stock, restricted stock unit awards and performance unit awards to new employees of the Company by granting an award to such new employee as an inducement for such new employee to begin employment with the Company.  Since its adoption, the Inducement Plan has had   350,000   shares of common stock reserved for issuance, which may only be granted to an employee who has not previously been an employee or member of the board of directors of the Company. The terms of the Inducement Plan are substantially similar to the terms of the Company s 2016 Plan with two principal exceptions: (i) incentive stock options may not be granted under the Inducement Plan; and (ii) the annual compensation paid by the Company to specified executives will be deductible only to the extent that it does not exceed   $1.0 million  . Under the Inducement Plan, in October 2016, the Company granted   173,322   Restricted Share Units ("RSUs") and   $0.8 million   of value Performance Restricted Share Units ("PRSUs") with the grant date fair value of   $0.8 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. The PRSUs will vest in a dollar amount representing between   0%   to   250%   of the target value upon the earlier of September 14, 2019 or a change in control of he Company. The actual payout amount will be based on the Company s market capitalization on the vesting date and the fair-market value of the Company s common stock on such vesting date and will be paid in shares of the Company's common stock. 
   
  11. Income Taxes 
  To calculate its interim tax provision, at the end of each interim period the Company estimates the annual effective tax rate and applies that to its ordinary quarterly earnings. In addition, the effect of changes in enacted tax laws or rates or tax status is recognized in the interim period in which the change occurs. The computation of the annual estimated effective tax rate at each interim period requires certain estimates and significant judgment including, but not limited to, the expected operating income for the year, projections of the proportion of income earned and taxed in foreign jurisdictions, permanent and temporary differences between book and tax amounts, and the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets generated in the current year. The accounting estimates used to compute the provision for income taxes may change as new events occur, additional information is obtained or the tax environment changes. 
  Intraperiod tax allocation rules require the Company to allocate the provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings, such as discontinued operations. In periods in which the Company has a year-to-date pre-tax loss from continuing operations and pre-tax income in other categories of earnings, such as discontinued operations, the Company must allocate the tax provision to the other categories of earnings, and then record a related tax benefit in continuing operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recognized net income from discontinued operations, and, as a result, recorded income tax expense of   $8.7 million   and   $9.8 million  , respectively, which is included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Accordingly, the Company recognized a related income tax benefit of   $5.0 million   and   $5.0 million   from continuing operations in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. As a result of these intraperiod allocation rules, the Company expects to record an additional tax benefit to continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the income tax provision. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits decreased by   $0.7 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease in unrecognized tax benefits during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily related to reversal of reserves related to its French net operating losses and foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by increases in reserves related to U.S. federal and state research credits. The unrecognized tax benefits at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were   $9.7 million   and   $10.4 million  , respectively. With the facts and circumstances currently available to the Company, it is reasonably possible that the amount of reserves that could reverse over the next 12 months is approximately   $0.2 million  .  
  The income tax benefit from continuing operations consists primarily of income tax benefits related to domestic losses offset by state income taxes. The Company's effective tax rate of   33.2%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   differs from the federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to permanent differences between domestic tax and financial reporting losses and offset and state income taxes. 
  The Company is not currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service, or by any foreign, state or local tax authorities. 
  
   23 

12. Related Party Transactions 
  For the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     and     2015  , respectively, the Company incurred expenses of less than     $0.1 million     related to     HealthpointCapital  , LLC. As of     September 30, 2016  , the Company also had a liability of less than     $0.1 million     payable to HealthpointCapital, LLC for travel and administrative expenses. 
  In July 2016, the Company entered into a forbearance agreement with HealthpointCapital, LLC, HealthpointCapital   Partners  , L.P., and HealthpointCapital Partners II, L.P. (collectively, "HealthpointCapital"), pursuant to which HealthpointCapital, on behalf of the Company, paid     $1.0 million     of the     $1.1 million     payment due and payable by the Company to Orthotec on July 1, 2016 and agreed to not exercise its contractual rights to seek an immediate repayment of such amount. Pursuant to this forbearance agreement, the Company repaid this amount in September 2016.    
   
  13.     Restructuring 
  In connection with the Globus Transaction (described in Note 4), the Company terminated employment agreements with several executive officers and managers including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, and recorded restructuring expenses of   $1.5 million  , which is included in the total restructuring expense of   $1.6 million   and   $1.8 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, related to the severance liability and post-employment benefits.    
  On October 5, 2016, the Company reduced its U.S. workforce by approximately   20%  , or approximately   35   employees, primarily in California. As a result of this workforce reduction, the Company estimates that it will incur restructuring charges, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2016, of approximately   $0.4 million  , in connection with one-time employee termination costs, including severance and other benefits. 
  On July 6, 2015, the Company announced a restructuring of its manufacturing operations in California in an effort to improve its cost structure. The restructuring included a reduction in workforce and closing the California manufacturing facility. The Company incurred expenses of   $0.4 million   and   $0.4 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, related to these restructuring activities. 
  Certain restructuring costs are based upon estimates. Actual amounts paid may ultimately be different from these estimates. If additional costs are incurred, such additional costs will be recognized when incurred. 
  
   24 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto that appear elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on   March 15, 2016  . In addition to historical information the following management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations includes forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, such as those set forth under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our subsequent periodic and current reports filed with the SEC. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, incorporated herein by reference, is presented without retrospectively reflecting the International Business as a discontinued operation and without giving effect to the reverse stock split of common stock. Unless otherwise stated, all shares and price per share numbers set forth in this Form 10-Q for periods prior to August 24, 2016 are presented after giving effect to the reverse stock split. 
   
  Overview 
  We are a medical technology company focused on the design, development and promotion of products for the surgical treatment of spine disorders. We have a comprehensive product portfolio and pipeline that addresses the cervical, thoracolumbar and intervertebral regions of the spine and covers a variety of spinal disorders and surgical procedures. Our principal product offerings are focused on the U.S. market for fusion-based spinal disorder solutions. We believe that our products and systems are attractive to surgeons and patients due to enhanced product features and benefits that are designed to simplify surgical procedures and improve patient outcomes. 
  Recent Developments 
  On September 1, 2016, we completed the sale of our international distribution operations and agreements, including our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Japan, Brazil, Australia and Singapore and substantially all of the assets of our other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy, or collectively the International Business, to an affiliate of Globus Medical, Inc., or Globus, or the Globus Transaction. Following the closing of the Globus Transaction, we now operate in the U.S. market only and are prohibited from marketing and selling our products in foreign markets pursuant to the terms and conditions, and for the time periods, set forth in the definitive documents related to the Globus Transaction.  
  At the closing of the Globus Transaction on September 1, 2016, Globus paid us $80 million in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment. On September 1, 2016, we used approximately $69 million of the consideration received to (i) repay in full all amounts outstanding and due under our facility agreement, or the Deerfield Facility Agreement, with Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Special Situations International Master Fund, L.P., or collectively Deerfield, and (ii) repay certain of our outstanding indebtedness under our amended and restated credit facility with MidCap Financial, LLC, or MidCap, as amended, or the Amended Credit Facility, in each case, including debt-related costs. Also on September 1, 2016, we entered into the credit, security and guaranty agreement with Globus, or the Globus Facility Agreement, pursuant to which Globus has agreed to loan us up to $30 million, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Globus Facility Agreement. 
  On August 24, 2016, we filed a certificate of amendment to our certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware to effectuate a 1-for-12 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock. The below discussion gives retrospective effect of the reverse stock split for all periods presented.  
  On September 12, 2016, James M. Corbett departed from his position as our President and Chief Executive Officer. In connection with Mr. Corbett s departure, effective as of September 15, 2016 Leslie H. Cross was appointed as our interim Chief Executive Officer, while retaining his title as Chairman of the Board, and Michael C. Plunkett was promoted from Chief Operating Officer to President and Chief Operating Officer. On October 5, 2016, Michael O Neill departed from his position as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. In connection with Mr. O Neill s departure, effective as of October 5, 2016, Dennis T. Nelson, our Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, will serve as our interim principal financial and accounting officer for filings under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, while we execute a search for a Chief Financial Officer. 
   
  Revenue and Expense Components 
  
   25 

The following is a description of the primary components of our revenues and expenses. As a result of the Globus Transaction, as of September 1, 2016, we only sell our products in the U.S. market. 
  Revenues.   We derive our revenues primarily from the sale of spinal surgery implants used in the treatment of spine disorders. Spinal implant products include pedicle screws and complementary implants, interbody devices, plates, and tissue-based materials. Our revenues are generated by our direct sales force and independent distributors. Our products are requested directly by surgeons and shipped and billed to hospitals and surgical centers. A majority of our business is conducted with customers within markets in which we have experience and with payment terms that are customary to our business. We may defer revenues until the time of collection if circumstances related to payment terms, regional market risk or customer history indicate that collectability is not reasonably assured. 
  Cost of revenues.   Cost of revenues consists of direct product costs, royalties, milestones, depreciation of our surgical instruments, and the amortization of purchased intangibles. Our product costs consist primarily of direct labor, manufacturing overhead, and raw materials and components. The product costs of certain of our biologics products include the cost of procuring and processing human tissue. We incur royalties related to the technologies that we license from others and the products that are developed in part by surgeons with whom we collaborate in the product development process. Amortization of purchased intangibles consists of amortization of developed product technology. 
  Research and development expense.   Research and development expense consists of costs associated with the design, development, testing, and enhancement of our products. Research and development expense also includes salaries and related employee benefits, research-related overhead expenses, fees paid to external service providers in both cash and equity, and costs associated with surgeon consultants. 
  Sales and marketing expense.   Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of salaries and related employee benefits, sales commissions and support costs, professional service fees, travel, medical education, trade show and marketing costs. 
  General and administrative expense.   General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and related employee benefits, professional service fees and legal expenses. 
  Restructuring expense.   Restructuring expense consists of severance, social plan benefits and related taxes, facility closing costs, manufacturing transfer costs and severance costs incurred following the sale of our International Business, the termination of our manufacturing operations in California, and the reorganization of the Scient x operations in France. 
  Total other income (expense).   Total other income (expense) includes interest income, interest expense, changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities, gains and losses from foreign currency exchanges, and other non-operating gains and losses. 
  Income tax provision.   Income tax benefit from continuing operations consists primarily of income tax benefits related to domestic losses partially offset by state income taxes. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, allowances for accounts receivable, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, stock-based compensation and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumption conditions. 
  Critical accounting policies are those that, in management s view, are most important in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. Except for the changes disclosed in Note 2 to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, management believes there have been no material changes during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the critical accounting policies discussed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on   March 15, 2016  . 
  
   26 

Results of Operations 
  The table below sets forth certain statements of operations data for the periods indicated (in thousands). Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that may be expected in the future. 

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
  Revenues.   Revenues were   $26.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $31.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $5.0 million  , or   15.7%  . The   decrease   was a combination of a decline in the sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations ($2.8 million), and a decrease in U.S. revenues ($2.2 million).   
  U.S. Revenues   were $25.2 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $27.4 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of $2.2 million or 8.0%. The sale of implants and instruments to U.S hospitals declined by $1.0 million due to to pricing erosion in the mid-single digits, consistent with trends experienced over the past several years, partially offset by an increase in unit volume. Sales to stocking distributors declined from the prior year in the amount of $1.2 million. 
  Cost of revenues.   Cost of revenues was   $10.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $10.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   an increase   of   $0.8 million  , or   8.2%  . The increase was the result of an increase in product costs due primarily to negative costs variances related to overhead absorption as a result of reduced sourcing volume ($1.2 million), an increase in inventory reserves due to excess inventory quantities and product life cycle management activities ($1.3 million) and increased royalties ($0.2 million), offset by the absence of one-time expenses incurred in 2015 for the supply chain transition ($0.6 million) and a reduction in the cost of sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations ($1.3 million). 
  Gross profit.   Gross profit was   $15.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $21.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $5.8 million  , or   26.8%  . The   decrease   is a  
  
   27 

combination of a decline in gross profit on sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations ($1.5 million) and the effect of lower U.S. revenues combined with an increase in those cost of revenues ($4.3 million). 
  Gross margin.   Gross margin was   59.4%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   68.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of   8.9 percentage points   was a combination of a decline in U.S. gross profit (10.8 percentage points), partially offset by the mix effect of the sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations (1.9 percentage points). 
  Gross Margin for the U.S. was 60.4% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 71.2% for the three 
  months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease of 10.8 percentage points was the result of an increase in product costs due primarily to negative costs variances related to overhead absorption as a result of reduced sourcing volume (4.8 percentage points), a reduction in pricing related to revenues (1.0 percentage points), an increase in inventory reserves (5.9 percentage points), and an increase in royalty expenses (1.1 percentage points), offset by the absence of one-time expenses incurred in 2015 related to the supply chain transition (2.0 percentage points).  
  Research and development expense.   Research and development expense was   $1.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $0.8 million  , or   41.2%  . The   decrease   was related to a decrease in stock compensation expense related to a consulting agreement ($0.5 million) and a reduction of development activities ($0.4 million). 
  In-process research and development expense.   We incurred no in-process research and development expense during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $0.3 million  . The   $0.3 million   expense in the three months ended September 30,   2015   relates to payments on asset purchase agreements for which the underlying product was not technologically feasible at the time the asset was acquired. 
  Sales and marketing expense  . Sales and marketing expense was   $11.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $12.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $1.0 million  , or   7.9%  . The   decrease   was the result of a reduction in personnel and related expenses ($1.3 million) and a reduction in general sales and marketing expenses ($0.3 million), partially offset by higher commission expense ($0.4 million). 
  General and administrative expense.   General and administrative expense was   $4.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $6.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $2.4 million  , or   36.8%  . The   decrease   was due to a year to date reclassification of transaction costs against discontinued operations ($1.2 million), a reduction in personnel costs ($0.7 million) and a reduction in professional services ($0.9 million) offset by an increase in taxes related to a refund accrued in the prior year ($0.4 million). 
  Amortization of acquired intangible assets.   Amortization of acquired intangible assets was   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . This expense represents amortization in the period for intangible assets associated with general business assets obtained in acquisitions and has decreased as a result of impairment of these assets in 2015. 
  Goodwill and intangible impairment.   Goodwill and intangible assets impairment was   $1.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $164.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $162.5 million  . The 2016 impairment charge relates to intangible assets that we found to be impaired as a result of the Globus Transaction. The 2015 impairment charge relates to the write-off of all of our goodwill balances.  
  Restructuring expense  .  Restructuring expense was   $1.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a credit of   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Due to the closing of the Globus Transaction, which eliminated substantially all of our international operations we began a corporate downsizing initiative to rationalize our cost structure in line with our reduced operations. The restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consist primarily of severance charges related to headcount reductions. 
  Interest expense, net.   Interest expense, net, was   $1.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $1.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   representing   an increase   of   $0.2 million  , or   16.4%  . This increase is primarily related to greater costs in connection with various amendments to our credit facilities with MidCap and Deerfield.  
  Loss on extinguishment of debt  .  Loss on extinguishment of debt was $9.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and zero for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The loss on extinguishment of debt in 2016 is due to prepayment premium of $5.6 million and the write-off of unamortized debt costs of $3.9 million related to extinguishment of the Deerfield facility. 
  Other income (expense), net.   Other income (expense), net was net income of   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net income of   $6.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   in income of   $6.1 million  . The   decrease   in income was primarily the result of  the decrease in warrant valuation ($6.3 million) which was related to the decrease in the value of our common stock that occurred in July 2015. 
  
   28 

Income tax provision.   Income tax provision was a benefit of   $5.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a benefit of   $2.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   2016   income tax benefit from continuing operations consists of domestic losses partially offset by state income taxes. The   2015   income tax benefit from continuing operations consists primarily of the reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with tax deductible goodwill, partially offset by state income  taxes.  We are required allocate the provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings, such as discontinued operations. 
  Di  scontinued operations  .     On July 25, 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Globus whereby we agreed to sell all of our international distribution operations and agreements, including our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Japan and Brazil and substantially all of the assets of our other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy, and on September 1, 2016, we completed the sale to Globus. As a result of our strategic decision to sell the International Business and focus on U.S market, our condensed consolidated statements of operations and the condensed consolidated balance sheets reflect the financial results from the International Business as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, activity presented under discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations represents our commercial operations the prior to the sale of the International Business in September 2016 including certain intercompany sales transactions as the Company will have continuing involvement due to future sales to Globus under the Supply Agreement. Certain operating expenses were also allocated to the business activities associated with the discontinued operations as well as interest expense related to our debt that we repaid using the proceeds from the sale of the International Business.   
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
  Revenues.   Revenues were   $93.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $99.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $6.4 million  , or   6.5%  . The   decrease   was the result of a decline in the sales amounts to former subsidiaries ($3.8 million) that are classified in continuing operations, and a decrease in U.S. revenues ($2.6 million).   
    U.S. Revenues were $82.4 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $85.1 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of $2.6 million or 3.1%. The sale of implants and instruments to U.S. hospitals increased by $1.6 million due to an increase in unit volume, offset by pricing erosion in the mid-single digits, consistent with trends experienced over the past several years. The sales to stocking distributors declined from the prior year  in the amount of $4.2 million. 
  Cost of revenues.   Cost of revenues was   $31.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $35.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $3.5 million  , or   10.0%  . The   decrease   was the result of an increase in product costs due primarily to negative costs variances related to overhead absorption as a result of reduced sourcing volume ($0.8 million) and an increase in inventory reserves and adjustments due to excess inventory quantities and product life cycle management activities ($2.2 million), offset by the absence of one-time expenses incurred in 2015 for product discontinuation, equipment disposal gains recognized on the sale of various manufacturing equipment, offset by increased equipment depreciation and supply chain transition costs ($3.5 million), a reduction in depreciation and amortization expenses ($0.5 million) and a reduction in the cost of sales to former subsidiaries  that are classified in continuing operations ($2.5 million). 
  Gross profit.   Gross profit was   $61.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $64.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $2.9 million  , or   4.5%  . The   decrease   was a combination of a decline in gross profit on sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations ($1.3 million), and the effect of lower U.S. revenues combined with an increase in those cost of revenues ($1.6 million). 
  Gross margin.   Gross margin was   66.0%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   64.7%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   of   1.3 percentage points   was due to a combination of an increase in U.S. gross profit (0.1 percentage points) and the mix effect of the sales to former subsidiaries that are classified in continuing operations (1.2 percentage points). 
  Gross Margin for the U.S. was 68.4% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 68.3% for the three 
  months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase of 0.1 percentage points was the result of the absence of one-time expenses incurred in 2015 related to product discontinuation, equipment disposal gains recognized on the sale of various manufacturing equipment, offset by increased equipment depreciation and supply chain transition costs (4.1 percentage points) and a reduction in amortization expense (0.4 percentage points), offset by an increase in inventory reserves and adjustments (2.9 percentage points), an increase in product costs primarily due to negative costs variances related to overhead absorption as a result of reduced sourcing volume (0.9 percentage points) and a reduction in pricing related to revenues (0.6 percentage points). 
  
   29 

Research and development expense.   Research and development expense was   $6.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $9.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $2.7 million  , or   28.7%  . The   decrease   was related to a reduction in personnel costs ($1.3 million) and a reduction of development activities ($1.4 million). 
  In-process research and development expense.   We incurred no in-process research and development expense during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.3 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $0.3 million  . The   $0.3 million   expense in the nine months ended September 30,   2015   relates to payments on asset purchase agreements for which the underlying product was not technologically feasible at the time the asset was acquired. 
  Sales and marketing expense  . Sales and marketing expense was   $39.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $37.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   an increase   of   $1.6 million  , or   4.3%  . The   increase   was the result of greater commission expense ($3.5 million), offset by the elimination of the medical device excise tax ($0.9 million) and a reduction in general sales and marketing expenses ($1.0 million). 
  General and administrative expense.   General and administrative expense was   $19.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $21.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing   a decrease   of   $1.8 million  , or   8.4%  . The   decrease   was primarily due to a reduction in personnel costs, including stock compensation ($2.2 million), offset by an increase in taxes related to a refund accrued in the prior year ($0.4 million). 
  Amortization of acquired intangible assets.   Amortization of acquired intangible assets was   $0.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This expense represents amortization in the period for intangible assets associated with general business assets obtained in acquisitions and has decreased as a result of impairment of these assets in 2015. 
  Goodwill and intangible impairment.   Goodwill and intangible assets impairment was   $1.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $164.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The 2016 impairment charge relates to intangible assets that we found to be impaired as a result of the Globus Transaction. The 2015 impairment charge relates to the write-off of all of our goodwill balances.  
  Restructuring expense  .  Restructuring expense was   $1.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a credit of   $0.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Due to the closing of the Globus Transaction, which eliminated substantially all of our international operations we began a corporate downsizing initiative to rationalize our cost structure in line with our reduced operations. The restructuring costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consist primarily of severance charges related to headcount reductions ($1.5 million). In July 2015, we announced a restructuring of our manufacturing operations in California in an effort to improve our cost structure. As of September 30, 2016, the manufacturing restructuring is substantially complete and we recorded expenses of approximately $0.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Interest expense, net.   Interest expense, net was   $3.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $3.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   representing an increase of   $0.1 million  , or   3.6%  . This increase is primarily related to greater costs in connection with various amendments to our credit facilities with MidCap and Deerfield. 
  Loss on extinguishment of debt  .  Loss on extinguishment of debt was $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and zero for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The loss on extinguishment of debt in 2016 is due to prepayment premium of $5.6 million and the write-off of unamortized debt costs of $3.9 million related to extinguishment of the Deerfield facility. 
  Other income (expense), net.   Other income (expense), net was an expense of   $0.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to income of   $7.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , representing an increase of   $7.5 million  . The increase in expense is primarily the result of the decrease in warrant valuation ($8.0 million) which was related to the decrease in the value of our common stock that occurred in July 2015, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange results ($0.4 million). 
  Income tax provision.   Income tax provision was a benefit of   $5.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a benefit of   $1.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   2016   income tax benefit from continuing operations consists of the income tax benefit related to domestic losses partially offset by state income taxes. The   2015   income tax benefit from continuing operations consists primarily of the reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with tax deductible goodwill, partially offset by state income taxes. We are required allocate the provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings, such as discontinued operations. 
  Di  scontinued operations  .     During the second quarter of 2016, we reached a decision to sell our international business. On July 25, 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Globus whereby we agreed to sell our all of our international distribution operations and agreements, including our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Japan and Brazil and substantially all of the  
  
   30 

assets of our other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy, and on September 1, 2016, we completed the sale to Globus. As a result of our strategic decision to sell the international business and focus on U.S. market, our condensed consolidated statements of operations and the condensed consolidated balance sheets reflect the financial results from the international business as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, activity presented under discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations represents our commercial operations prior to the sale of the international business in September 2016 including certain intercompany sales transactions as the Company will have continuing involvement due to future sales to Globus under the Supply Agreement. Certain operating expenses were also allocated to the business activities associated with the discontinued operations as well as interest expense related to our debt that we repaid using the proceeds from the sale of the international business.   
   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We utilize certain financial measures that are not calculated based on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Certain of these financial measures are considered  non-GAAP  financial measures within the meaning of Item 10 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with the GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of our results of operations and the factors and trends affecting our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are unaudited and are also used by our management to evaluate financial results and to plan and forecast future periods. However, non-GAAP financial measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the corresponding measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures used by us may differ from the non-GAAP measures used by other companies, including our competitors. 
  Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) from continuing operations excluding the effects of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, other income (expense) and other non-recurring income or expense items, such as asset impairments, litigation expenses and restructuring and other expenses. We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss) from continuing operations. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations. Therefore, adjusted EBITDA should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Furthermore, adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to operating income (loss) or net income (loss) from continuing operations as a measure of operating performance or to net cash provided by operating, investing or financing activities, or as a measure of our ability to meet our cash needs. 
  The following is a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to the most comparable GAAP measure, net loss from continuing operations, for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We have incurred significant net losses since inception and relied on our ability to fund our operations through revenues from the sale of our products, equity financings and debt financings. As we have incurred losses, a successful transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. This may not occur and, unless and until it does, we will continue to need to raise additional capital. At   September 30, 2016  , our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash of   $25.6 million   and accounts receivable, net of   $16.5 million  . Operating losses and negative cash flows may continue for at least the next year as we continue to incur costs related to the execution of our operating plan and introduction of new products.   
  Historically, our principal sources of cash have included customer payments from the sale of our products, proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred stock and proceeds from the issuance of debt. Our principal uses of cash have included cash used in operations, acquisitions of businesses and intellectual property rights, payments relating to purchases of surgical instruments, repayments of borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility, and payments due under the Orthotec settlement agreement. We expect that our principal uses of cash in the future will be for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, and potential acquisitions. We expect that, as our revenues grow, our sales and marketing and research and development expenses will continue to grow and, as a result, we will need to generate significant net revenues to achieve profitability.  
  These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. A going concern basis of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of our liabilities in the normal course of business. Operating losses and negative cash flows may continue for at least the next year as we continue to incur costs related to the execution of our operating plan and introduction of new products. 
  These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  We may seek additional funds from public and private equity or debt financings, borrowings under new debt facilities or other sources to fund our projected operating requirements.  However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain further financing, or do so on reasonable terms. If we are unable to raise additional funds on a timely basis, or at all, we would be materially adversely affected. 
  On July 25, 2016, we entered into the Purchase and Sale Agreement, with Globus, pursuant to which, and on the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, among other things, Globus agreed to acquire our International Business.  Upon the closing, of the Globus Transaction on September 1, 2016, or the Closing, Globus paid us   $80 million   in cash, subject to a working capital adjustment, or the Closing Payment. Following the Closing, we have used approximately   $69 million   of the Closing Payment to (i) repay in full all amounts outstanding and due under our credit facility with Deerfield and (ii) repay certain of our outstanding indebtedness under our Amended Credit Facility with MidCap, in each case, including debt-related costs. At the Closing, we also entered into the Globus Facility Agreement pursuant to which Globus agreed to loan us up to   $30 million  , of which   $25 million   was drawn at the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Globus Facility Agreement.  
  On July 6, 2015, we announced a restructuring of our manufacturing operations in California in an effort to improve our cost structure.  The restructuring included a reduction in workforce and closing our California manufacturing facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , this restructuring was substantially completed. Following the Globus Transaction, the Company reduced its U.S. workforce by approximately   20%   or approximately   35   employees, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer.  As a result of this workforce reduction, the Company estimates that it will incur restructuring charges, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2016, of approximately   $0.4 million  , in connection with one-time employee termination costs, including severance and other benefits.  
  A substantial portion of our available cash funds is held in business accounts with reputable financial institutions. At times, however, our deposits, may exceed federally insured limits and thus we may face losses in the event of insolvency of any of the financial institutions where our funds are deposited. We did not hold any marketable securities as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Amended Credit Facility and Other Debt 
  On August 30, 2013, we entered into the Amended Credit Facility, which amended and restated the prior credit facility that we had with MidCap. On September 1, 2016, we entered into a Fifth Amendment to the MidCap Amended Facility Agreement, or the MidCap Fifth Amendment, that: (a) permitted (i) the Globus Transaction, (ii) the release of Alphatec International LLC and Alphatec Pacific, Inc. as credit parties, (iii) the payment in full of all obligations to Deerfield  under the Facility Agreement between us and Deerfield, dated as of March 17, 2014, as amended to date, or the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and (iv) the incurrence of debt under the Globus Facility Agreement and the granting of liens in favor of Globus, (b) reduced the revolving credit commitment to $22.5 million and the term loan commitment to $5 million, (c) revised the  
  
   32 

existing financial covenant package, and (d) extended the commitment expiry date from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2019. In connection with the prepayment of the term loan under the Amended Credit Facility, we incurred a prepayment fee of $0.6 million payable to MidCap.  
  The term loan interest rate is priced at the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 8.0%, subject to a 9.5% floor, and the revolving line of credit interest rate remains priced at LIBOR plus 6.0%, reset monthly. At   September 30, 2016  , the revolving line of credit carried an interest rate of   6.5%   and the term loan carries an interest rate of   9.5%  . The borrowing base is determined, from time to time, based on the value of domestic eligible accounts receivable and domestic eligible inventory. As collateral for the Amended Credit Facility, we granted MidCap a security interest in substantially all of its assets, including all accounts receivable and all securities evidencing its interests in our subsidiaries. In addition to monthly payments of interest,   monthly repayments of     $0.1 million     through the end of 2016,     $0.2 million     in 2017 and     $0.3 million     in 2018 through maturity are due, with the remaining principal due upon maturity  . 
  The Amended Credit Facility includes traditional lending and reporting covenants including a fixed charge coverage ratio, a senior leverage ratio and a total leverage ratio to be maintained by us. The Amended Credit Facility also includes several event of default provisions, such as payment default and insolvency conditions, which could cause interest to be charged at a rate which is up to five percentage points above the rate effective immediately before the event of default or result in MidCap s right to declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable.  
  On March 11, 2016, we entered into a Third Amendment and Waiver to the Amended Credit Facility with MidCap, or the Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility. The Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility extends the maturity date of the Amended Credit Facility from August 30, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and contains an amendment fee in the amount of $0.5 million, which is due and payable at the earlier of the termination of the Amended Credit Facility or the maturity date. The Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility also contains a waiver of the December 2015 defaults under the Facility Agreement, provides a waiver for the fixed charge coverage ratio for January 2016 and eliminates the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant for February 2016.  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $2.1 million   remains as unamortized debt discount related to the Amended Credit Facility and the prior credit facility with MidCap within the unaudited consolidated balance sheet, which will be amortized over the remaining term of the Amended Credit Facility. 
  On August 8, 2016, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility with MidCap, or the Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility. The Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility provides for a $2.2 million increase to the borrowing base until September 15, 2016, and includes an amendment fee of $0.2 million, which was due and payable on August 8, 2016. The Fourth Amendment to the Amended Credit Facility also contains a waiver for the May and June 2016 non-compliances.  
  On March 17, 2014, we entered into the Deerfield Facility Agreement, pursuant to which Deerfield agreed to loan us up to $50 million, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Deerfield Facility Agreement. Under the terms of the Deerfield Facility Agreement, we had the option, but were not required, upon certain conditions to draw the entire amount available under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, at any time until January 30, 2015, provided that the initial draw be used for a portion of the payments made in connection with the Orthotec settlement described above, or the Litigation Satisfaction. Following such initial draw down, we had the opportunity to draw down additional amounts under the Deerfield Facility Agreement up to an aggregate of $15.0 million for working capital or general corporate purposes. We agreed to pay Deerfield, upon each disbursement of funds under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, a transaction fee equal to 2.5% of the principal amount of the funds disbursed in addition to the issuance of additional warrants to purchase up to 833,333 shares of our common stock to Deerfield.  In March 2014, we drew $26 million under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and received net proceeds of $25.4 million to fund a portion of the Orthotec settlement payment obligations. In November 2014, we drew an additional $6 million under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and received net proceeds of $5.9 million to fund additional Orthotec settlement payment obligations. The $0.7 million in transaction fees were recorded as a debt discount and were being amortized over the term of the draw. In connection with this borrowing, we issued Draw Warrants to purchase 433,333 shares of common stock, which were valued at $5.6 million and recorded as a debt discount and were being amortized over the term of the draw.  
   In connection with the execution of the Deerfield Facility Agreement, we issued to Deerfield warrants to purchase an aggregate of   520,833   shares of our common stock, or the Initial Warrants. Additionally, we agreed that upon each disbursement under the Deerfield Facility Agreement we would issue to Deerfield warrants to purchase up to   833,333   shares of our common stock, in proportion to the amount of draw compared to the total   $50 million   facility, or the Draw Warrants.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Orthotec settlement payments of   $26.3 million   have been made. Additionally, an Orthotec settlement payment of $1.1 million was made on October 1, 2016. As of   November 8, 2016  , there remains aggregate of   $18.8 million   of Orthotec settlement payments to be paid by us.  
  On February 5, 2016, we entered into a Limited Waiver and Second Amendment to the Facility Agreement, or the Facility Agreement Second Amendment. The Facility Agreement Second Amendment increased the interest rate under the  
  
   33 

Facility Agreement from 8.75% per annum to 14.75% per annum. In addition, under the Facility Agreement Second Amendment we had an option to elect to have (i) until August 30, 2016, six percent (6%), and (ii) thereafter, three percent (3%), in each case, of the interest on the outstanding principal amount under the Facility Agreement paid in kind, which would be added to the outstanding principal amount under the Facility Agreement and bear interest at the interest rate of 14.75% per annum, hereinafter referred to as the PIK Interest. All accrued and unpaid PIK Interest was due and payable when the outstanding amounts under the Facility Agreement were due and payable thereunder or were fully repaid, whichever would occur first. The Facility Agreement Second Amendment also contained an amendment fee in the amount of   $0.6 million  , which was due and payable in installments of   $0.2 million   in March 2017, March 2018 and March 2019 on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the Facility Agreement; provided, that all unpaid amendment fees shall be due and payable when the outstanding amounts under the Facility Agreement were due and payable or were fully repaid, whichever occurs first. The Facility Agreement Second Amendment also changed the prior date of March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2018, as the date through which we were obligated to pay interest in the event we prepay amounts outstanding under the Facility Agreement prior to such date. The Facility Agreement Second Amendment also contained the waivers of the defaults under the Facility Agreement for the fixed charge coverage ratio through March 2016, but not for the default under the senior leverage ratio or total leverage ratio financial covenants.  
  In September 2016, in connection with the Globus Transaction, Deerfield exercised its right to convert all outstanding Initial Warrants and Draw Warrants into shares of our common stock based on the Black-Scholes value of the warrants. The outstanding warrants were converted into   268,614   shares of our common stock. Prior to the conversion, the outstanding warrants were periodically revalued to their fair value resulting in a credit of   $0.1 million   and an expense of   $0.4 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, included in other income/expense. The change in the fair value of the warrants of   $0.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is included in other non-cash items in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  
  On September 1, 2016, we repaid in full all amounts outstanding and due under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and terminated the Deerfield Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the Globus Facility Agreement and the MidCap Fifth Amendment, we made a final payment of   $33.5 million   to Deerfield, consisting of outstanding principal and accrued interest of   $27.9 million  , a prepayment premium of   $5.6 million   and other related fees and expenses and wrote-off $3.9 million of unamortized expenses resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment of   $9.5 million  , which is included other income (expense) for three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . The interest expense historically incurred in connection with the Deerfield Facility of   $2.2 million   and   $7.2 million   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $2.1 million   and   $6.5 million   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   is included in the loss from discontinued operations.  
  On September 1, 2016, we entered into the Globus Facility Agreement, pursuant to which Globus agreed to loan us up to   $30 million  , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Globus Facility Agreement. We made an initial draw of   $25 million   under the Globus Facility Agreement. The remaining amount may be advanced in up to two additional draws, each in an aggregate amount of no less than   $2 million  , as requested by us at any time prior to December 31, 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance under the Globus Facility Agreement was   $25.0 million  , which becomes due and payable in quarterly payments of   $0.8 million   starting November 2018 and the final payment due on September 30, 2021.   The term loan interest rate is priced at     LIBOR plus 8.0%     through September 1, 2018, and     LIBOR plus 13.0%  , thereafter. 
  As collateral for the Globus Facility Agreement, we granted Globus a first lien security interest in substantially all of our assets, other than accounts receivable and related assets, which will secure the Globus Facility Agreement on a second lien basis.  
  We have various capital lease arrangements. The leases bear interest at rates ranging from   6.6%   to   9.6%  , are generally due in monthly principal and interest installments, are collateralized by the related equipment, and have various maturity dates through September 2018. As of   September 30, 2016  , the balance of these capital leases, net of interest totaled $0.7 million.  
  Operating Activities 
  We used net cash of   $0.1 million   from operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . During this period, net cash   provided   by operating activities primarily consisted of a net loss of   $25.6 million   and working capital and other assets   used   cash of   $5.3 million  , which were offset by   $20.2 million   of non-cash costs including amortization, depreciation, gain on sale of business, loss on extinguishment of debt, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, provision for doubtful accounts, provision for excess and obsolete inventory, and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. Working capital and other assets provided of   $5.3 million   primarily consisted of   decreases   in accounts receivable of   $10.7 million  , restricted cash of   $2.4 million  , prepaid expenses and other current assets of $2.0 million, partially offset by an increase in inventories of   $4.7 million   and a decrease in accounts payable of   $5.2 million   and accrued expenses of   $0.5 million  . The decrease in accounts receivable is primarily due to the sale of the International Business to Globus. The decrease in accounts payable is primarily due to use of the cash proceeds from the Globus Transaction to pay down payables. 
  
   34 

Investing Activities 
  We provided cash of   $63.9 million   in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the $69.9 million of net proceeds we received from the sale of our International Business.  We also used   $7.3 million   of cash for the purchase of surgical instruments. 
  Financing Activities 
  Financing activities used net cash of   $47.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Under the MidCap Amended Credit Facility, we borrowed an aggregate of   $94.2 million   and made principal payments totaling   $110.8 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . We made principal payments on notes payable and capital leases totaling   $54.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for the payoff of the Deerfield Facility and substantially all of the  term debt with Midcap.  We received proceeds from notes payable of $25 million from the Globus Facility Agreement. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
  Contractual obligations and commercial commitments 
  Total contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of   September 30, 2016   are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

__________________________ 
           (1) 
    Based on our closing stock price as of   September 30, 2016   of $9.40 per share.  The actual amount of cash settlement will vary depending on the price of our common stock at the respective settlement dates. 
              (2) 
    This commitment represents payments in cash, and is subject to attaining certain sales milestones, development milestones such as U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval, product design and functionality testing requirements, which we believe are reasonably likely to be achieved during the period from   2016   through 2019. 
      
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. This new standard replaces all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminates all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance, including all subsequent clarifications, is effective for annual and interim reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect  
  
   35 

adjustment as of the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on our financial statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance related to disclosures of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The guidance requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued. Management will be required to make this evaluation for both annual and interim reporting periods and will have to make certain disclosures if it concludes that substantial doubt exists or when its plans alleviate substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Substantial doubt exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for interim reporting periods thereafter. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and expect to adopt the standard for the annual reporting period ending December 31, 2016. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance, which amends current presentation guidance by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. Prior to the issuance this guidance, debt issuance costs were required to be presented as an asset in the balance sheet. We adopted the provisions of the new guidance during the interim period ended March 31, 2016 and prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. As of December 31, 2015,   $0.4 million   of debt issuance costs were reclassified in the consolidated balance sheet from prepaid expenses and other current assets to current portion of long-term debt. The adoption of this guidance did not impact our consolidated statement of operations, comprehensive loss or cash flows. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value for entities that do not measure inventory using the last-in, first-out or retail inventory method. The guidance also eliminates the requirement for these entities to consider replacement cost or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin when measuring inventory. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on our financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes several aspects of the accounting for leases, including the requirement that all leases with durations greater than twelve months to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on our financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including accounting and cash flow classification for excess tax benefits and deficiencies, forfeitures, and tax withholding requirements and cash flow classification. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on our financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance, which eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, unless deemed impracticable, in which case, prospective application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standards update may have on our financial statements. 
   
  Forward Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q incorporates a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, including statements regarding: 
             
    our estimates regarding anticipated operating losses, future revenue, expenses, cost savings, capital requirements, uses and sources of cash and liquidity; 
                
    our ability to meet the financial covenants under our credit facilities; 
                
    our ability to ensure that we have effective disclosure controls and procedures; 
                
    our not realizing the full economic benefit from the Globus Transaction, including as a result of indemnification claims under the definitive agreement and the retention by us of certain liabilities associated with the international business, and our ability to meet our obligations under the Globus supply agreement; 
     
   36 

our ability to meet, and potential liability from not meeting, the payment obligations under the Orthotec settlement agreement; 
                
    our ability to regain and maintain compliance with the quality requirements of the FDA and similar regulatory authorities outside of the U.S.; 
                
    our ability to market, improve, grow, commercialize and achieve market acceptance of any of our products or any product candidates that we are developing or may develop in the future; 
                
    our ability to successfully achieve and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for our products in applicable jurisdictions and in a timely manner; 
                
    the effect of any existing or future federal, state or international regulations on our ability to effectively conduct our business; 
                
    our estimates of market sizes and anticipated uses of our products; 
                
    our business strategy and our underlying assumptions about market data, demographic trends, reimbursement trends and pricing trends; 
                
    our ability to achieve profitability, and the potential need to raise additional funding; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain a qualified management team, as well as other qualified personnel and advisors; 
                
    our ability to protect our intellectual property, and to not infringe upon the intellectual property of third parties; 
                
    our ability to meet or exceed the industry standard in clinical and legal compliance and corporate governance programs; 
                
    potential liability resulting from litigation; 
                
    potential liability resulting from a governmental review of our business practices; 
                
    our beliefs about the usefulness of the non-GAAP financial measures included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; 
                
    our beliefs with respect to our critical accounting policies and the reasonableness of our estimates and assumptions; and  
                
    other factors discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or any document incorporated by reference herein or therein. 
     Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions and/or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in our discussion in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will be important in determining future results. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from expected results. 
  We also provide a cautionary discussion of risks and uncertainties under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our subsequent periodic and current reports filed with the SEC. These are factors that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected results. Other factors besides those listed there could also adversely affect us. 
  Without limiting the foregoing, the words  believe,   anticipate,   plan,   expect,   estimate,   may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   seek,   intend,   continue,   project,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond our control, including the factors set forth under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our subsequent periodic and current reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the forward-looking statements contained herein represent our estimate only as of the date of this filing and should not be relied upon as representing our estimate as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements. 
  
   37 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk 
  Our borrowings under our credit facilities expose us to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding floating rate indebtedness totaled   $42.1 million  . The primary base interest rate is the LIBOR rate. Assuming the outstanding balance on our floating rate indebtedness remains constant over a year, a 100 basis point increase in the interest rate would decrease pre-tax income and cash flow by approximately   $0.5 million  . Other outstanding debt consists of fixed rate instruments, including debt outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility with MidCap and the Globus Facility Agreement, notes payable and capital leases. 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  Our exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses is primarily the result of certain net receivables due from our foreign subsidiaries and customers being denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro and Japanese Yen, in which our revenues and profits are denominated prior to the Globus Transaction. We had   unfavorable   foreign currency exchange results realized in 2015 due to having U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities on foreign subsidiaries books. We do not currently engage in hedging or similar transactions to reduce these risks. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
  Commodity Price Risk 
  We purchase raw materials that are processed from commodities, such as titanium and stainless steel. These purchases expose us to fluctuations in commodity prices. Given the historical volatility of certain commodity prices, this exposure can impact our product costs. However, because our raw material prices comprise a small portion of our cost of revenues, we have not experienced any material impact on our results of operations from changes in commodity prices. A 10% change in commodity prices would   not   have had a material impact on our results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
                 Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s, or SEC's, rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on   March 15, 2016  , we reported a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in which we failed to design effective controls over the release of inventory cost through cost of goods sold at our significant wholly owned subsidiary. To address the material weakness described above, during the first quarter of 2016, we designed and implemented new and enhanced compensating  
  
   38 

controls at the consolidated level to ensure that the calculation of inventory cost release is accurate and that the appropriate level of review is performed. During the third quarter of 2016, as part of our transaction to sell our International Business to Globus, we sold the subsidiary where the respective material weakness previously existed. 
  Except for the changes disclosed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

39 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

Litigation 
  We are and may become involved in various legal proceedings arising from our business activities. While we are not aware of any litigation matter that in and of itself would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, litigation is inherently unpredictable, and depending on the nature and timing of a proceeding, an unfavorable resolution could materially affect our future consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular period.  We assess contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual or disclosure in our consolidated financial statements. An estimated loss contingency is accrued in our consolidated financial statements if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. When evaluating contingencies, we may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories, and/or the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matters. In addition, damage amounts claimed in litigation against us may be unsupported, exaggerated or unrelated to reasonably possible outcomes, and as such are not meaningful indicators of our potential liability. 
   
                 Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes to the risk factors described under Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   March 15, 2016  , except as follows: 
  The sale of our international distribution operations and agreements will reduce our revenue, and we may not be successful in executing on our business strategy to solely focus on the U.S. marketplace.  
  During the six months ended June 30, 2016, our international revenue represented approximately 35% of our total revenue. Following the Closing of the Globus Transaction, our revenues will be materially reduced as we will no longer be generating the same level of revenue from the operations and assets sold in the transaction. There can be no assurance that the proceeds from the Globus Transaction will be sufficient for us to grow our U.S. business.  In addition, our future growth will depend on our ability to successfully implement our strategy to focus solely on the U.S. marketplace.  If we are unable to successfully execute on this business strategy or otherwise compete effectively within the U.S. marketplace, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
  We are dependent on our senior management team and the loss of any of them could harm our business. 
  Our continued success depends in part upon the continued availability and contributions of our senior management, sales and marketing team and engineering team and the continued participation of our key surgeon advisors. While we have entered into employment agreements with all members of our senior management team, none of these agreements guarantees the services of the individual for a specified period of time. We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately prepare for future turnover of our senior management team. In September 2016, James M. Corbett departed from his position as our President and Chief Executive Officer. In connection with Mr. Corbett s departure, Leslie H. Cross was appointed as our  interim Chief Executive Officer, while retaining his title as Chairman of the Board, and Michael C. Plunkett was promoted from Chief Operating Officer to President and Chief Operating Officer. In October 2016, Michael O Neill departed from his position as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. In connection with Mr. O Neill s departure, Dennis T. Nelson, our Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, will now serve as our interim principal financial and accounting officer for filings under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, while we execute a search for a Chief Financial Officer.  As a result of these management changes, we may experience disruption or have difficulty in maintaining or developing our business during this transition. Further, any potential search for, and hiring of, a permanent Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer may also cause disruption or result in difficulty in maintaining or developing our business. 
  Our announced workforce reduction may cause undesirable consequences and our results of operations may be harmed. 
  On October 5, 2016, we reduced our workforce by approximately 20%, or approximately 35 employees. This workforce reduction may yield unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our intended reduction in workforce and reduced  
  
   40 

employee morale, which may cause our employees who were not affected by the reduction in workforce to seek alternate employment. Additional attrition could impede our ability to meet our operational goals, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, as a result of the reductions in our workforce, we may face an increased risk of employment litigation. Furthermore, employees whose positions will be eliminated in connection with these trends may seek future employment with our competitors. Although all our employees are required to sign a confidentiality agreement with us at the time of hire, we cannot assure you that the confidential nature of our proprietary information will be maintained in the course of such future employment. We cannot assure you that we will not undertake additional reduction activities, that any of our efforts will be successful, or that we will be able to realize the cost savings and other anticipated benefits from our previous or any future reduction plans. In addition, if we continue to reduce our workforce, it may adversely impact our ability to respond rapidly to any new product, growth or revenue opportunities. 
  We may be unable to comply with the covenants of our credit facilities. 
  We must comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, in our Amended Credit Facility and affirmative and negative covenants under the Globus Facility Agreement. We failed to comply with the fixed charge coverage ratio for January and June 2016, the fixed charge coverage ratio, senior leverage ratio and total leverage ratio covenants for March 2016, and the fixed charge coverage ratio and total leverage ratio covenants for April and May 2016, under our Amended Credit Facility. We also did not meet a minimum requirement for the percentage of our total cash held in U.S. accounts for January, February, March, April, May and June 2016. MidCap and Deerfield, pursuant to the Deerfield Facility Agreement which has been terminated, provided waivers with respect to our non-compliance during such periods. There can be no assurance that at all times in the future we will satisfy all such financial or other covenants of the Amended Credit Facility or the Globus Facility Agreement, or obtain any required waiver or amendment, in which event of default the lenders party to the Amended Credit Facility could refuse to make further extensions of credit to us and MidCap and/or Globus could require all amounts borrowed under the Amended Credit Facility and/or the Globus Facility Agreement, respectively, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition to allowing the lenders to accelerate the loan, several events of default under the Amended Credit Facility or Globus Facility Agreement, such as our failure to make required payments of principal and interest and the occurrence of certain bankruptcy or insolvency events, could require us to pay interest at a rate which is up to five percentage points higher than the interest rate effective immediately before the event of default. 
  An event of default under the Amended Credit Facility or the Globus Facility Agreement could have a material adverse effect on us. Upon an event of default, if the lenders under the Amended Credit Facility or Globus Facility Agreement accelerate the repayment of all amounts borrowed, together with accrued interest and other fees, or if the lenders elect to charge us additional interest, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash available to repay the amounts due, and we may be forced to seek to amend the terms of the Amended Credit Facility or the Globus Facility Agreement or obtain alternative financing, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
  In addition, if we fail to pay amounts when due under the Amended Credit Facility or the Globus Facility Agreement or upon the occurrence of another event of default, the lenders under the Amended Credit Facility or the Globus Facility Agreement could proceed against the collateral granted to them pursuant to the MidCap Amended Credit Facility and the Globus Facility Agreement. We have granted to the lenders under the Amended Credit Facility a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets, including all accounts receivable and all securities evidencing our interests in our subsidiaries, as collateral under the Amended Credit Facility. We have granted Globus under the Globus Facility Agreement a first lien security interest in substantially all of our assets, other than accounts receivable and related assets, which will secure the Globus Facility Agreement on a second lien basis. If Globus proceeds against the collateral, such assets would no longer be available for use in our business, which would have a significant adverse effect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We may face indemnity and other liability claims pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
  Under the purchase and sale agreement for the Globus Transaction, we will indemnify Globus against damages arising from, among other things, breaches of our representations, warranties or obligations under the agreement and liabilities not assumed by Globus. The indemnification period generally runs for a period of 18 months from the Closing, with longer survival periods for certain specified representations and warranties. Our indemnification obligations are subject to a deductible in certain cases of $500,000, and our aggregate liability under such indemnification claims is generally limited to $12.0 million, $20.0 million for certain specified representations and warranties, and the full purchase price for breaches of certain specified representations and warranties, breaches of covenants and certain other matters. If Globus makes an indemnification claim, we may incur liability and/or expenses, which could harm our operating results. In addition, such indemnity claims may divert management attention from our continuing business. 
  
   41 

Our stockholders will not receive any distribution of the proceeds from the sale of our international distribution operations, and may never receive any return of value. 
  We do not intend to distribute to stockholders any cash proceeds from the Globus Transaction. Instead, we used a portion of the proceeds from the Globus Transaction to repay in full all amounts outstanding and due under our Deerfield Facility Agreement and repay certain of our outstanding indebtedness under our Amended Credit Facility with MidCap, and we intend to use the remainder of the proceeds to fund our future business activities and for general working capital purposes. Any future decision for the use of those funds will be made by our board of directors. 
  In addition, we have not declared any cash dividends and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Future earnings, if any, will be used to finance the future operation and growth of our business. Stockholders will not receive any liquidity from the Globus Transaction and the only return to them will be based on any future appreciation in our stock price or upon a future sale or liquidation of our company. Much depends on our future business, including the success or failure of our U.S. business. There are no assurances that we will be successful, and current stockholders may never get a return on their investment. 
   
                 Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
  None 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  Under the terms of our Amended and Restated 2005 Employee, Director and Consultant Stock Plan, as amended, or the Stock Plan, and prior to the expiration of the Stock Plan in April 2016, we were permitted to award shares of restricted stock to our employees, directors and consultants. These shares of restricted stock are subject to a lapsing right of repurchase by us. We may exercise this right of repurchase in the event that a restricted stock recipient s employment, directorship or consulting relationship with us terminates prior to the end of the vesting period. If we exercise this right, we are required to repay the purchase price paid by or on behalf of the recipient for the repurchased restricted shares. Repurchased shares are returned to the Stock Plan and are available for future awards under the terms of the Stock Plan.  

42 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
    Exhibit Description 

10.1 * 
    Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with Globus Medical, Inc. 

10.2 * 
    Product Manufacture and Supply Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd. 

10.3 * 
    Consent and Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with MidCap Funding IV Trust, as a lender and other lenders from time to time a party thereto. 

10.4 
    Amendment to the Employment Agreement, by and among Les Cross, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc., effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.5 
    Amendment to the Employment Agreement, by and among Michael Plunkett, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc., effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.6 
    James M. Corbett Separation of Employment Agreement, effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.7 
    Michael O'Neill Separation of Employment Agreement, effective as of October 5, 2016.  

31.1 
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
    The following materials from the Alphatec Holdings, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

* 
    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

43 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                 ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Leslie H. Cross 
        
    Leslie H. Cross 
  Chairman of the Board of Directors, Interim Chief Executive Officer 
  (principal executive officer) 

By: 
    /s/ Dennis T. Nelson 
        
    Dennis T. Nelson 
  Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Date:   November 9, 2016    
  
   44 

Exhibit Index 
    
                 Exhibit Number 
    Exhibit Description 

10.1 * 
    Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with Globus Medical, Inc. 

10.2 * 
    Product Manufacture and Supply Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd. 

10.3 * 
    Consent and Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated September 1, 2016 with MidCap Funding IV Trust, as a lender and other lenders from time to time a party thereto. 

10.4 
    Amendment to the Employment Agreement, by and among Les Cross, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc., effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.5 
    Amendment to the Employment Agreement, by and among Michael Plunkett, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc., effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.6 
    James M. Corbett Separation of Employment Agreement, effective as of September 15, 2016. 

10.7 
    Michael O'Neill Separation of Employment Agreement, effective as of October 5, 2016.  

31.1 
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
    The following materials from the Alphatec Holdings, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

* 
    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

45 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh101credsecguaragrmnt.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1  

CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, 
  dated as of September 1, 2016, 
  by and among 
    
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  
  and 
  ALPHATEC SPINE, INC.,  
  each as a Borrower, and collectively as Borrowers, 
  the other Credit Parties party hereto, 
  and 
  GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC., 
  as Lender 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
  THIS CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT   (as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Agreement   ) is dated as of September 1, 2016, by and among   ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation,   ALPHATEC SPINE, INC.  , a California corporation, and each additional borrower that may hereafter be added to this Agreement (each individually as a    Borrower   , and collectively as    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties listed on the signature pages hereof, and   GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC.  , a Delaware corporation, individually as Lender.  
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS  , in connection with the continued working capital and other needs of Borrowers and the other Credit Parties, Borrowers and the other Credit Parties have requested, among other things, that Lender make available to Borrowers a new term loan facility in the original principal amount of Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000); and 
  WHEREAS  , Lender has agreed to the request of Borrowers and the other Credit Parties on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the other Financing Documents. 
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS 
  Section 1.1      Certain Defined Terms  .  The following terms have the following meanings: 
     Acceleration Event    means the occurrence of an Event of Default (a) in respect of which Lender has declared all or any portion of the Obligations to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 10.2 and/or (b)  pursuant to either Section 10.1(e) and/or Section 10.1(f). 
     Additional Term Loan Tranche    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.1(a)  . 
     Affiliate    means, with respect to any Person, (a) any Person that directly or indirectly controls such Person, (b) any Person which is controlled by or is under common control with such controlling Person, and (c) each of such Person s (other than, with respect to Lender, Lender s) officers or directors (or Persons functioning in substantially similar roles) and the spouses, parents, descendants and siblings of such officers, directors or other Persons.  As used in this definition, the term  control  of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote five percent (5%) or more of any class of voting securities of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
     Affiliated Financing Documents    means any credit, loan, letter of credit or related documents which are, by their terms and by the terms of this Agreement, cross-defaulted with the Financing Documents, and for which a Credit Party hereunder is liable or contingently liable for payment or as security for which a Credit Party hereunder has pledged, assigned or subjected any assets to Lender.  
     Anti-Terrorism Laws    means any Laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation, Executive Order No. 13224 (effective September 24, 2001), the USA PATRIOT Act, the Laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, and the Laws administered by OFAC. 
     Applicable Margin    means, (a) from the Closing Date through and including September 1, 2018, eight percent (8.00%) and (b) thereafter, thirteen percent (13.00%).  
     Asset Disposition    means any sale, lease, license, transfer, assignment or other consensual disposition by any Credit Party of any asset. 
     Bankruptcy Code    means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled  Bankruptcy , as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute thereto. 
     Base LIBOR Rate    means, for each Interest Period, the rate per annum, determined by Lender in accordance with its customary procedures, and utilizing such electronic or other quotation sources as it considers appropriate (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100%), to be the rate at which Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period or, if such day is not a Business Day on the preceding Business Day) in the amount of $1,000,000 are offered to major banks in the  

London interbank market on or about 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for a term comparable to such Interest Period, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
     Base Rate    means the per annum rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its  prime rate,  with the understanding that the  prime rate  is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate;   provided, however,   that Lender may, upon prior written notice to Borrower Representative, choose a reasonably comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Base Rate. 
     Blocked Person    means any Person: (a) listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order No. 13224, (b) owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order No. 13224, (c) with which Lender is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Law, (d) that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports  terrorism  as defined in Executive Order No. 13224, or (e) that is named a  specially designated national  or  blocked person  on the most current list published by OFAC or other similar list or is named as a  listed person  or  listed entity  on other lists made under any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
     Borrower    and    Borrowers    mean the entities described in the first paragraph of this Agreement and each of their successors and permitted assigns.    
     Borrower Representative    means Holdings, in its capacity as Borrower Representative pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.9. 
      Business Day    means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which either the New York Stock Exchange is closed, or on which commercial banks in Washington, DC and New York City are authorized by law to close. 
     CERCLA    means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C.A.   9601   et seq  ., as the same may be amended from time to time. 
     Change in Control    means any of the following events:  (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of, or shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation, will result in its or their acquisition of or control over, voting stock of any Borrower (or other securities convertible into such voting stock) representing 40% or more of the combined voting power of all voting stock of any Borrower; or (b) Holdings ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries; or (c) any  Change of Control ,  Change in Control , or terms of similar import under any document or instrument governing or relating to Debt of or equity in such Person.  As used herein,  beneficial ownership  shall have the meaning provided in Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
     Closing Date    means the date of this Agreement. 
     Closing Date Term Loan Tranche    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). 
     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
     Collateral    means all property, now existing or hereafter acquired, mortgaged or pledged to, or purported to be subjected to a Lien in favor of, Lender pursuant to this Agreement and the Security Documents, including, without limitation, all of the property described in   Schedule 9.1   hereto. 
     Commitment Annex    means   Annex A   to this Agreement. 
     Compliance Certificate    means a certificate, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrowers, appropriately completed and substantially in the form of   Exhibit B   hereto. 
     Connection Income Taxes    means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
     Consolidated Subsidiary    means, at any date, any Subsidiary the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of Holdings (or any other Person, as the context may require hereunder) in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date. 
     Contingent Obligation    means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect liability of such Person:  (a) with respect to any Debt of another Person (a    Third Party Obligation   ) if the purpose or intent of such Person incurring such liability, or the effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such Third Party Obligation that such Third Party Obligation will be paid or discharged, or that any agreement relating thereto will be complied with, or that any holder of such Third Party Obligation will be protected, in whole or in part, against loss with respect thereto; (b) with respect to any undrawn portion of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for the reimbursement of any drawing;  

(c) [reserved]; (d) to make take-or-pay or similar payments if required regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement; or (e) for any obligations of another Person pursuant to any Guarantee or pursuant to any agreement to purchase, repurchase  or otherwise acquire any obligation or any property constituting security therefor, to provide funds for the payment or discharge of such obligation or to preserve the solvency, financial condition or level of income of another Person.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be equal to the amount of the obligation so Guaranteed or otherwise supported or, if not a fixed and determinable amount, the maximum amount so Guaranteed or otherwise supported. 
     Controlled Group    means all members of any group of corporations and all members of a group of trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with any Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA. 
     Copyright Security Agreement    means any Copyright Security Agreement executed and delivered by any Credit Party to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Credit Exposure    means, at any time, any portion of the Term Loan Commitment that     remains outstanding;   provided, however,   that no Credit Exposure shall be deemed to exist solely due to the existence of contingent indemnification liability, absent the assertion of a claim, or the known existence of a claim reasonably likely to be asserted, with respect thereto. 
     Credit Party    means any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Guarantee of the Obligations or any part thereof, any Borrower and any other Person (other than Lender), whether now existing or hereafter acquired or formed, that becomes obligated as a borrower, guarantor, surety, indemnitor, pledgor, assignor or other obligor under any Financing Document and    Credit Parties    means all such Persons, collectively; provided that no Subsidiary of Holdings as of the Closing Date incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any other political subdivision thereof shall be required to become a Credit Party. 
     Debt    of a Person means at any date, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising and paid on a timely basis and in the Ordinary Course of Business, (d) all capital leases of such Person, (e) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, banker s acceptance or similar instrument, (f) all equity securities of such Person subject to repurchase or redemption other than at the sole option of such Person, (g) all obligations secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such obligation is otherwise an obligation of such Person, (h)  earnouts , purchase price adjustments, profit sharing arrangements, deferred purchase money amounts and similar payment obligations or continuing obligations of any nature of such Person arising out of purchase and sale contracts, (i) all Debt of others Guaranteed by such Person, (j) off-balance sheet liabilities and/or Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan liabilities of such Person, (k) obligations arising under non-compete agreements, and (l) obligations arising under bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation or similar arrangements, other than those arising in the Ordinary Course of Business.  Without duplication of any of the foregoing, Debt of Borrowers shall include any and all Term Loans. 
      Default    means any condition or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
     Deposit Account    means a  deposit account  (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC), an investment account, or other account in which funds are held or invested for credit to or for the benefit of any Borrower. 
      Dollars    or    $    means the lawful currency of the United States. 
     Environmental Laws    means any present and future federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, standards, policies and other governmental directives or requirements, as well as common law, pertaining to the environment, natural resources, pollution, health (including any environmental clean-up statutes and all regulations adopted by any local, state, federal or other Governmental Authority, and any statute, ordinance, code, order, decree, law rule or regulation all of which pertain to or impose liability or standards of conduct concerning medical waste or medical products, equipment or supplies), safety or clean-up that apply to any Borrower and relate to Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C.   9601   et seq.  ), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C.   6901   et seq.  ), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C.   1251   et seq.  ), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C.   5101   et seq.  ), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.   7401   et seq.  ), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C.   136   et seq.  ), the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C.   11001   et seq.  ), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C.   651   et seq.  ), the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act (42 U.S.C.   4851   et seq.  ), any analogous state or local laws, any amendments thereto, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, together with all amendments from time to time to any of the foregoing and judicial interpretations thereof. 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute thereto, and any and all rules or regulations promulgated from time to time thereunder. 
     ERISA Plan    means any  employee benefit plan , as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), which any Borrower maintains, sponsors or contributes to, or, in the case of an employee benefit plan which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, to which any Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group may have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five (5) years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA. 
     Event of Default    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. 
     Excluded Taxes    means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Lender, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Lender being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Term Loan Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Term Loan Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to   Section 2.8  , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with   Section 2.8(d)   and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
     FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental agreements (and related governmental directives or implementing legislation) entered into with respect thereto. 
     FDA    means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 
     Financing Documents    means this Agreement, any Note, the Security Documents, any subordination or intercreditor agreement pursuant to which any Debt and/or any Liens securing such Debt is subordinated to all or any portion of the Obligations and all other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements related to the Obligations and heretofore executed, executed concurrently herewith or executed at any time and from time to time hereafter, as any or all of the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.   
     Fiscal Quarter    means each three fiscal month period ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31.  
     Foreign Lender    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(d)(ii). 
     GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 
     General Intangible    means any  general intangible  as defined in Article 9 of the UCC, and any personal property, including things in action, other than accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, deposit accounts, documents, goods, instruments, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, letters of credit, money, and oil, gas or other minerals before extraction, but including payment intangibles and software. 
     Governmental Authority    means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or Person exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any corporation or other Person owned or controlled (through stock or capital ownership or otherwise) by any of the foregoing, whether domestic or foreign. 
     Guarantee    by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt or other obligation of any other Person and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other obligation (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise), or (b) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Debt or other obligation of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part),   provided  ,   however  , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business.  The term    Guarantee    used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Guarantor    means any Credit Party that has executed or delivered, or shall in the future execute or deliver, this Agreement as a Guarantor or any Guarantee of any portion of the Obligations; provided that no Subsidiary of Holdings as of the Closing Date incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any other political subdivision thereof shall be required to become a Guarantor.  As of the Closing Date, each of the Persons listed on   Exhibit A   attached hereto and made a part hereof are Guarantors. 
     Hazardous Materials    means petroleum and petroleum products and compounds containing them, including gasoline, diesel fuel and oil; explosives, flammable materials; radioactive materials; polychlorinated biphenyls and compounds containing them; lead and lead-based paint; asbestos or asbestos-containing materials; underground or above-ground storage tanks, whether empty or containing any substance; any substance the presence of which is prohibited by any Environmental Laws; toxic mold, any substance that requires special handling; and any other material or substance now or in the future defined as a  hazardous substance,   hazardous material,   hazardous waste,   toxic substance,   toxic pollutant,   contaminant,   pollutant  or other words of similar import within the meaning of any Environmental Law, including:  (a) any  hazardous substance  defined as such in (or for purposes of) CERCLA, or any so-called  superfund  or  superlien  Law, including the judicial interpretation thereof; (b) any  pollutant or contaminant  as defined in 42 U.S.C.A.   9601(33); (c) any material now defined as  hazardous waste  pursuant to 40 C.F.R. Part 260; (d) any petroleum or petroleum by-products, including crude oil or any fraction thereof; (e) natural gas, natural gas liquids, liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable for fuel; (f) any  hazardous chemical  as defined pursuant to 29 C.F.R. Part 1910; (g) any toxic or harmful substances, wastes, materials, pollutants or contaminants (including, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls (   PCBs   ), flammable explosives, radioactive materials, infectious substances, materials containing lead-based paint or raw materials which include hazardous constituents); and (h) any other toxic substance or contaminant that is subject to any Environmental Laws or other past or present requirement of any Governmental Authority.   
     Hazardous Materials Contamination    means contamination (whether now existing or hereafter occurring) of the improvements, buildings, facilities, personalty, soil, groundwater, air or other elements on or of the relevant property by Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof, or on or of any other property as a result of Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof, generated on, emanating from or disposed of in connection with the relevant property. 
     Healthcare Laws    means all applicable Laws relating to the possession, control, warehousing, marketing, sale, distribution procurement, development, manufacture, production, analysis,  dispensing, importation, exportation, use, handling, quality, or promotion of any drug, medical device, food, dietary supplement, or other product (including, without limitation, any ingredient or component of the foregoing products) subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and similar state and foreign laws, controlled substances laws, pharmacy laws, or consumer product safety laws, and all Laws pertaining to  patient healthcare, patient healthcare information, rate setting, equipment, personnel, operating policies, fee splitting, or the like, as such Laws may be amended from time to time. 
     Healthcare Permit    means a Permit (a) issued or required under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or necessary in the possession, ownership, warehousing, marketing, promoting, sale, labeling, furnishing, distribution or delivery of goods or services under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and/or (b) issued or required under Healthcare Laws applicable to the ownership or operation of any business location of a Borrower. 
     Healthpoint    has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15. 
     Holdings    means Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
     Indemnified Taxes    means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Financing Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.    
     Instrument    means  instrument , as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 
     Intellectual Property    means, with respect to any Person, all patents, patent applications and like protections, including improvements divisions, continuation, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations in part of the same, trademarks, trade names, trade styles, trade dress, service marks, logos and other business identifiers and, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any applications therefore, whether registered or not, and the goodwill of the business of such Person connected with and symbolized thereby, copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative works, whether published or unpublished, technology, know-how and processes, operating manuals, trade secrets, computer hardware and software, rights to unpatented inventions and all applications and licenses therefor, used in or necessary for the conduct of business by such Person and all claims for damages by way of any past, present or future infringement of any of the foregoing.  
     Interest Period    means any period commencing on the first day of a calendar month and ending on the last day of such calendar month. 

Inventory    means  inventory  as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 
     Investment    means any investment in any Person, whether by means of acquiring (whether for cash, property, services, securities or otherwise), making or holding Debt, securities, capital contributions, loans, time deposits, advances, Guarantees or otherwise.  The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment   plus   the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto. 
     Laws    means any and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, codes, injunctions, permits, governmental agreements and governmental restrictions, whether now or hereafter in effect, which are applicable to any Credit Party in any particular circumstance.     Laws    includes, without limitation, Healthcare Laws and Environmental Laws. 
     Lender    means Globus Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation.   
     LIBOR Rate    means, for each Loan, a per annum rate of interest equal to the greater of (a)  one and one-half percent (1.5%), and (b) the rate determined by Lender (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th%) by dividing (i) the Base LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period, by (ii) the sum of one minus the daily average during such Interest Period of the aggregate maximum reserve requirement (expressed as a decimal) then imposed under Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor thereto) for  Eurocurrency Liabilities  (as defined therein). 
     Lien    means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, in respect of such asset.  For the purposes of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents, any Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset which it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset. 
     Litigation    means any action, suit or proceeding before any court, mediator, arbitrator or Governmental Authority. 
     Loan Account    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b). 
     Loan(s)    means the Term Loans and every advance under the Term Loan, or any combination of the foregoing, as the context may require.  All references herein to the  making  of a Loan or words of similar import shall mean the making of any advance in respect of a Term Loan. 
     Material Adverse Effect    means with respect to any event, act, condition or occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse determination in any litigation, arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), whether singly or in conjunction with any other event or events, act or acts, condition or conditions, occurrence or occurrences, whether or not related, a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, any of (i) the condition (financial or otherwise), operations, business, properties or prospects of any of the Credit Parties, (ii) the rights and remedies of Lender under any Financing Document, or the ability of any Credit Party to perform any of its obligations under any Financing Document to which it is a party, (iii) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Financing Document, (iv) the existence, perfection or priority of any security interest granted in any Financing Document, (v) the value of any material Collateral, or (vi) the use or scope of any Healthcare Permits.  
     Material Contracts    has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17. 
     Maximum Lawful Rate    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. 
     MidCap    means, collectively, MidCap Financial, LLC, MidCap Funding IV, LLC, and their permitted successors and assigns as  Lenders  or as  Agent  under the MidCap Facility Agreement. 
     MidCap Debt    means Debt incurred pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the MidCap Facility Agreement or any partial or complete refinancing or replacement thereof in a principal amount not to exceed $[***]. 
     MidCap Facility Agreement    means: (a) that certain Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, as amended prior to and as of the date hereof, among Holdings, MidCap and the other parties party thereto and without giving effect to any further amendment, supplement, restatement or other modification thereto other than those made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) the ancillary agreements and documents, other than any warrants issued in connection therewith, entered into by Holdings, the other parties party thereto and MidCap in connection therewith, in each case, true and complete copies of which have been provided to Lender. 
     MidCap Intercreditor Agreement    means that certain Intercreditor Agreement between Lender and any agent or lender with respect to the MidCap Debt, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
     Multiemployer Plan    means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group (or any Person who in the last five years was a member of the Controlled Group) is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years (as determined on the applicable date of determination) made contributions. 
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Note    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. 
     Notice of Borrowing    means a notice of a Responsible Officer of Borrower Representative, appropriately completed and substantially in the form of   Exhibit D   hereto. 
     Obligations    means all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness (monetary (including post-petition interest, whether or not allowed) or otherwise) of each Credit Party under this Agreement or any other Financing Document, in each case howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, now or hereafter existing, or due or to become due.   
     OFAC    means the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
     OFAC Lists    means, collectively, the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (Sept. 25, 2001) and/or any other list of terrorists or other restricted Persons maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of OFAC or pursuant to any other applicable Executive Orders. 
     Operative Documents    means the Financing Documents, MidCap Facility Agreement, Subordinated Debt Documents, and any documents effecting any purchase or sale or other transaction that is closing contemporaneously with the closing of the financing under this Agreement on the Closing Date. 
     Ordinary Course of Business    means, in respect of any transaction involving any Credit Party, the ordinary course of business of such Credit Party, as conducted by such Credit Party in accordance with past practices. 
      Organizational Documents    means, with respect to any Person other than a natural person, the documents by which such Person was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Person (such as by-laws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability company or members agreement). 
     Orthotec Litigation    means litigation matters in connection with, arising from, or related to Orthotec, LLC for which the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries face potential exposure (monetary or otherwise). 
   Orthotec Forbearance Agreement  has the meaning set forth in   Section 5.15. 
     Orthotec Settlement Agreement    has the meaning set forth in   Section 5.15  . 
     Orthotec Settlement Payments    means, collectively, all amounts paid or transferred (including cash, cash equivalents, assets and/or services) on or after the date hereof by or on behalf of the Credit Parties and/or their respective Subsidiaries in connection with any Orthotec, LLC matter (including the Orthotec Litigation).   
     Other Connection Taxes    means, with respect to any Lender, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Financing Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Financing Document). 
     Other Taxes    means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Financing Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
      OUS Disposition    means the transactions contemplated by the OUS Purchase Agreement. 
     OUS Purchase Agreement    means that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2016, by and among Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd. and Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
      Patent Security Agreement    means any Patent Security Agreement executed and delivered by any Credit Party to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     Payment Account    means the account specified on the signature pages hereof into which all payments by or on behalf of each Borrower to Lender under the Financing Documents shall be made, or such other account as Lender shall from time to time specify by notice to Borrower Representative. 
     Payment Notification    means a written notification substantially in the form of   Exhibit E   hereto. 
     PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
     Pension Plan    means any ERISA Plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA.  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Permits    means all governmental licenses, authorizations, provider numbers, supplier numbers, registrations, permits, drug or device authorizations and approvals, certificates, franchises, qualifications, accreditations, consents and approvals of a Credit Party required under all applicable Laws and required for such Credit Party in order to carry on its business as now conducted, including, without limitation, Healthcare Permits. 
     Permitted Asset Dispositions    means the following Asset Dispositions,   provided, however,   that at the time of such Asset Disposition, no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from such Asset Disposition:  (a) dispositions of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business and not pursuant to any bulk sale, (b) dispositions of furniture, fixtures and equipment in the Ordinary Course of Business that the applicable Borrower or Subsidiary determines in good faith is no longer used or useful in the business of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (c) the non-exclusive license of patent rights granted to third parties in the Ordinary Course of Business for fair value consideration that does not result in a legal transfer of title to the licensed property. 
     Permitted Contest    means, with respect to any Tax obligation or other obligation allegedly or potentially owing from any Borrower or its Subsidiary to any Governmental Authority or other third party, a contest maintained in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted and with respect to which such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made on the books and records and financial statements of the applicable Credit Party(ies);   provided  ,   however  , that (a) compliance with the obligation that is the subject of such contest is effectively stayed during such challenge; (b) Borrowers  and its Subsidiaries  title to, and its right to use, the Collateral is not adversely affected thereby and Lender s Lien and priority on the Collateral are not adversely affected, altered or impaired thereby; (c) Borrowers have given prior written notice to Lender of a Borrower s or its Subsidiary s intent to so contest the obligation; (d) the Collateral or any part thereof or any interest therein shall not be in any danger of being sold, forfeited or lost by reason of such contest by Borrowers or its Subsidiaries; (e) [reserved]; and (f) upon a final determination of such contest, Borrowers and its Subsidiaries shall promptly comply with the requirements thereof. 
     Permitted Contingent Obligations    means (a) Contingent Obligations arising in respect of the Debt under the Financing Documents; (b) Contingent Obligations resulting from endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) Contingent Obligations outstanding on the date of this Agreement and set forth on   Schedule 5.1   (but not including any refinancings, extensions, increases or amendments to the indebtedness underlying such Contingent Obligations other than extensions of the maturity thereof without any other change in terms); (d) Contingent Obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other similar obligations not to exceed $[***] in the aggregate at any time outstanding; (e) Contingent Obligations arising under indemnity agreements with title insurers to cause such title insurers to issue to Lender mortgagee title insurance policies; (f) Contingent Obligations arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations in favor of purchasers in connection with dispositions of personal property assets permitted under Section 5.6; and (g) other Contingent Obligations not permitted by clauses (a) through (f) above, not to exceed $[***] in the aggregate at any time outstanding.   
     Permitted Debt    means:  (a) Borrowers  and its Subsidiaries  Debt to Lender under this Agreement and the other Financing Documents; (b) Debt incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) purchase money Debt (other than purchase money Debt existing on the date of this Agreement and described on   Schedule 5.1  ) not to exceed $[***] at any time (whether in the form of a loan or a lease) used solely to acquire equipment used in the Ordinary Course of Business and secured only by such equipment; (d) Debt existing on the date of this Agreement and described on   Schedule 5.1   (but not including any refinancings, extensions, increases or amendments to such Debt other than extensions of the maturity thereof without any other change in terms); (e) the MidCap Debt; (f) Debt in the form of insurance premiums financed through the applicable insurance company; (g) trade accounts payable arising and paid on a timely basis and in the Ordinary Course of Business; (h) Subordinated Debt; and (i) Permitted Intercompany Advances. 
     Permitted Distributions    means: (a) dividends or other distributions by any Subsidiary of any Borrower to such parent Borrower; and (b) any repayments of or debt service on any Permitted Intercompany Advances described in clause (a), (b) or (d) of the definition thereof.  
     Permitted Intercompany Advances    means loans, guarantees or other Investments made by (a) a Credit Party to another Credit Party, (b) a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Credit Party to another Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Credit Party, (c) a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Credit Party to a Credit Party so long as such loan, guaranty or other Investment is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions acceptable to Lender, and (d) a Credit Party to a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Credit Party so long as the aggregate amount of all such loans, guarantees and Investments outstanding under this clause (d) does not exceed $[***] (or such greater amount as Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) per individual transaction, or $[***] in the aggregate.  
     Permitted Investments    means:  (a) Investments shown on   Schedule 5.7   and existing on the Closing Date; (b) cash and cash equivalents; (c) Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) Investments consisting of travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the Ordinary Course of Business, but the aggregate of all such loans outstanding may not  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

exceed $[***] at any time; (e) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (f) Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the Ordinary Course of Business,   provided, however  , that this subpart (f) shall not apply to Investments of Borrowers in any Subsidiary; (g) Investments consisting of deposit accounts; (h) Investments by any Borrower in any other Borrower made in compliance with   Section 4.11(c)  ; (i) Investments constituting Permitted Intercompany Advances; (j) Investments consisting of accounts receivables from Affiliates resulting from the sale of inventory to such Affiliates in the Ordinary Course of Business, so long as such sales are otherwise permitted pursuant to clause (y) of   Section 5.8  ; (k) other Investments in an amount not exceeding $[***] in the aggregate and (l)  Permitted Investments  as defined in the MidCap Facility Agreement. 
     Permitted Liens    means:  (a) deposits or pledges of cash to secure obligations under workmen s compensation, social security or similar laws, or under unemployment insurance (but excluding Liens arising under ERISA) pertaining to a Borrower s or its Subsidiary s employees, if any; (b) deposits or pledges of cash to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money or the deferred purchase price of property or services), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds and other obligations of like nature arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) carrier s, warehousemen s, mechanic s, workmen s, materialmen s or other like Liens on Collateral arising in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to obligations which are not due, or which are being contested pursuant to a Permitted Contest; (d) Liens on Collateral for Taxes or other governmental charges not at the time delinquent or thereafter payable without penalty or the subject of a Permitted Contest; (e) attachments, appeal bonds, judgments and other similar Liens on Collateral, for sums not exceeding $[***] in the aggregate arising in connection with court proceedings;   provided  ,   however  , that the execution or other enforcement of such Liens is effectively stayed and the claims secured thereby are the subject of a Permitted Contest; (f) [reserved]; (g) Liens and encumbrances in favor of Lender under the Financing Documents; (h)     Liens on Collateral existing on the date hereof and set forth on   Schedule 5.2  ; (i) any Lien on any equipment securing Debt permitted under subpart (c) of the definition of Permitted Debt,   provided  ,   however  , that such Lien attaches concurrently with or within twenty (20) days after the acquisition thereof; (j) [reserved], (k) Liens and encumbrances in favor of the holders of the Affiliated Financing Documents and (l) Liens and encumbrances securing the MidCap Debt. 
     Permitted Modifications    means (a) such amendments or other modifications to a Borrower s or Subsidiary s Organizational Documents as are required under this Agreement or by applicable Law and fully disclosed to Lender within thirty (30) days after such amendments or modifications have become effective, and (b) such amendments or modifications to a Borrower s or Subsidiary s Organizational Documents (other than those involving a change in the name of a Borrower or Subsidiary or involving a reorganization of a Borrower or Subsidiary under the laws of a different jurisdiction) that would not adversely affect the rights and interests of Lender and fully disclosed to Lender within thirty (30) days after such amendments or modifications have become effective. 
     Permitted Transfers    means, with respect to Holdings only, the collective reference to one or more transfers, via a sale and not by pledge or hypothecation, which, in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement, result in a transfer of legal or beneficial ownership or control of up to 20% of the direct or indirect ownership or voting interests in the Borrowers or any Guarantor to a Person, (a) that is purchasing such ownership interest in a public offering registered with the SEC, or (b) other than a Blocked Person, that is (i) a venture capital investor so long as Borrowers have given Lender at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice of the identity of the assignees, together with such information as Lender shall deem necessary to confirm that such assignee is not a Blocked Person or (ii) at the time of such transfer, already a holder of direct or indirect ownership or voting interests in the Borrowers.   
     Person    means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, professional association, limited partnership, general partnership, joint stock company, joint venture, association, company, trust, bank, trust company, land trust, business trust or other organization, whether or not a legal entity, and any Governmental Authority. 
     Pledge Agreement    means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by Holdings in favor of Lender, as amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time. 
     Promissory Note    means any promissory note (as such term is defined in the UCC) which evidences any loan, guarantee or other Investment described in clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Intercompany Advances. 
      Responsible Officer    means any of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or any other officer of the applicable Borrower acceptable to Lender. 
     Restricted Distribution    means as to any Person (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) on any equity interest in such Person (except those payable solely in its equity interests of the same class), (b) any payment by such Person on account of (i) the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, surrender, cancellation, termination or acquisition of any equity interests in such Person or any claim respecting the purchase or sale of any equity interest in such Person, or (ii) any option, warrant or other right to acquire any equity interests in such Person, (c) any management fees, salaries  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

or other fees or compensation to any Person holding an equity interest in a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower (other than (i) payments of salaries and other employee benefits to individuals, (ii) directors fees, (iii) advances and reimbursements to employees or directors, all in the Ordinary Course of Business and (iv) the issuance of stock options or restricted stock to employees and board members so long as such Borrower or Subsidiary, as applicable, is not required to redeem any such stock before the Termination Date), an Affiliate of a Borrower or an Affiliate of any Subsidiary of a Borrower, (d) any lease or rental payments to an Affiliate or Subsidiary of a Borrower, or (e) repayments of or debt service on loans or other indebtedness held by any Person holding an equity interest in a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a Borrower, an Affiliate of a Borrower or an Affiliate of any Subsidiary of a Borrower unless permitted under and made pursuant to a Subordination Agreement applicable to such loans or other Debt. 
   
     Revolving Loan Availability    has the meaning set forth in the MidCap Facility Agreement (or in any replacement revolving loan facility entered into by Borrowers).  
      SEC    means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      Securities Account    means a  securities account  (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC), an investment account, or other account in which investment property or securities are held or invested for credit to or for the benefit of any Borrower. 
     Securities Account Control Agreement    means an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, among Lender, any applicable Borrower and each securities intermediary in which such Borrower maintains a Securities Account pursuant to which Lender shall obtain  control  (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC) over such Securities Account. 
     Security Document    means this Agreement, any Securities Account Control Agreement, any Patent Security Agreement, any Trademark Security Agreement, any Copyright Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and any other agreement, certificate, document or instrument executed concurrently herewith or at any time hereafter pursuant to which one or more Credit Parties or any other Person either (a) Guarantees payment or performance of all or any portion of the Obligations, and/or (b) provides, as security for all or any portion of the Obligations, a Lien on any of its assets in favor of Lender for its own benefit, as any or all of the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
      Solvent    means, with respect to any Person, that such Person (a) owns and will own assets the fair saleable value of which are (i) greater than the total amount of its liabilities (including Contingent Obligations), and (ii) greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of its then existing debts as they become absolute and matured considering all financing alternatives and potential asset sales reasonably available to it; (b) has capital that is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as presently conducted or after giving effect to any contemplated transaction; and (c) does not intend to incur and does not believe that it will incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due. 
     Spine    means Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation. 
     Subordinated Debt    means any Debt of Borrowers incurred pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Debt Documents and with the prior written consent of Lender, all of which documents must be in form and substance acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion.  As of the Closing Date, there is no Subordinated Debt. 
     Subordinated Debt Documents    means any documents evidencing and/or securing Debt governed by a Subordination Agreement, all of which documents must be in form and substance acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion.  As of the Closing Date, there are no Subordinated Debt Documents. 
     Subordination Agreement    means each agreement between Lender and another creditor of Borrowers, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, pursuant to which the Debt owing from any Borrower(s) and/or the Liens securing such Debt granted by any Borrower(s) to such creditor are subordinated in any way to the Obligations and the Liens created under the Security Documents, the terms and provisions of such Subordination Agreements to have been agreed to by and be acceptable to Lender in the exercise of its sole discretion. 
     Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person, (a) any corporation of which an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than fifty percent (50%) of such capital stock whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (b) any partnership or limited liability company in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person shall have an interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%) or of which any such Person is a general partner or may exercise the powers of a general partner.   
     Supply Agreement    means that certain Product Manufacture and Supply Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd. 
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Taxes    means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
     Term Loan    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). 
     Term Loan Borrowing    means a borrowing of a Term Loan. 
     Term Loan Commitment    means Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000.00). 
     Termination Date    means the earlier to occur of (a) September 1, 2021, (b) any date on which Lender accelerates the maturity of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 10.2, or (c) the termination date stated in any notice of termination of this Agreement provided by Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.12. 
     Trademark Security Agreement    means any Trademark Security Agreement executed and delivered by any Credit Party to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
     UCC    means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York or of any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the perfection of security interests in any Collateral. 
     United States    means the United States of America. 
     U.S. Person    means any Person that is a  United States Person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
     U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate    has the meaning specified in   Section 2.8(d)  . 
  Section 1.2      Accounting Terms and Determinations  .  Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder (including, without limitation, determinations made pursuant to the exhibits hereto) shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of each Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to Lender on or prior to the Closing Date.  If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or financial requirement set forth in any Financing Document, and either Borrowers or Lender shall so request, Lender and Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of Lender);   provided  ,   however  , that until so amended, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein, and (b) Borrowers shall provide to Lender financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement which include a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Debt or other liabilities of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of any Credit Party at  fair value , as defined therein. 
  Section 1.3      Other Definitional and Interpretive Provisions  .  References in this Agreement to  Articles ,  Sections ,  Annexes ,  Exhibits , or  Schedules  shall be to Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or Schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specifically provided.  Any term defined herein may be used in the singular or plural.   Include ,  includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by  without limitation .  Except as otherwise specified or limited herein, references to any Person include the successors and assigns of such Person.  References  from  or  through  any date mean, unless otherwise specified,  from and including  or  through and including , respectively.  Unless otherwise specified herein, the settlement of all payments and fundings hereunder between or among the parties hereto shall be made in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds.  References to any statute or act shall include all related current regulations and all amendments and any successor statutes, acts and regulations.  All amounts used for purposes of financial calculations required to be made herein shall be without duplication.  References to any statute or act, without additional reference, shall be deemed to refer to federal statutes and acts of the United States.  References to any agreement, instrument or document shall include all schedules, exhibits, annexes and other attachments thereto.  As used in this Agreement, the meaning of the term  material  or the phrase  in all material respects  is intended to refer to an act, omission, violation or condition which reflects or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. References to capitalized terms that are not defined herein, but are defined in the UCC, shall have the meanings given them in the UCC.  All references herein to times of day shall be references to daylight or standard time, as applicable. 
  Section 1.4      Time is of the Essence  .  Time is of the essence in each Borrower s and each other Credit Party s performance under this Agreement and all other Financing Documents.   

Section 1.5         Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms of this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Lender hereunder or under any Financing Document with respect to the liens and security interest granted Lender pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the provisions of the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement with respect to the exercise of rights and remedies or the priority of the security interests granted to the Agent herein, the terms of the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 
  ARTICLE 2 - LOANS  
  Section 2.1      Term Loans  .  
  (a)  Term Loan Amounts  .  On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, Lender hereby agrees to make to Borrowers a term loan in an aggregate original principal amount equal to the Term Loan Commitment (   Term Loan   ).  No Borrower shall have any right to reborrow any portion of the Term Loan that is repaid or prepaid from time to time.  The Term Loan shall be available in three (3) tranches.  The first tranche (the    Closing Date Term Loan Tranche   ) in an amount equal to Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) shall be advanced on the Closing Date.  The second and third tranches, which shall be in aggregate amounts determined by the Borrowers, may be advanced in up to two additional draws as requested by Borrowers at any time prior to December 31, 2017 (each, an    Additional Term Loan Tranche    and collectively, the    Additional Term Loan Tranches    provided that (i) each Additional Term Loan Tranche shall be in an aggregate amount of no less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) and (ii) the Borrower Representative shall provide at least 30 days  (or such shorter period as Lender may agree in its sole discretion) prior notice to Lender of any requested funding of any Additional Term Loan Tranche.   
  (b)  Scheduled Repayments; Mandatory Prepayments; Optional Prepayments  .   
  (i)  There shall become due and payable, and Borrowers shall repay the Closing Date Term Loan Tranche through, scheduled payments as set forth on   Schedule 2.1   attached hereto.  Notwithstanding the payment schedule set forth above, the outstanding principal amount of the Closing Date Term Loan Tranche shall become immediately due and payable in full on the Termination Date.  Upon the making of the Additional Term Loan Tranches, each scheduled payment commencing with the later of (x) first full Fiscal Quarter after the date that such Additional Term Loan Tranche is funded hereunder and (y) the first scheduled payment set forth on   Schedule 2.1   attached hereto shall be increased by an amount equal to 3.3% of the original principal amount of such Additional Term Loan Tranche advanced to Borrowers; provided, further that the outstanding principal balance of the Additional Term Loan Tranche shall be repayable in full on the Termination Date. 
  (ii)  Subject to the provisions of the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement, there shall become due and payable and Borrowers shall prepay the Term Loan in the following amounts and at the following times: 
  (A)  Unless Lender shall otherwise consent in writing, on the date on which any Credit Party (or Lender as loss payee or assignee) receives any casualty proceeds in excess of $25,000 with respect to assets upon which Lender maintained a Lien, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such proceeds (net of out-of-pocket expenses and repayment of secured debt permitted under clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Debt and encumbering the property that suffered such casualty), or such lesser portion of such proceeds as Lender shall elect to apply to the Obligations;  
  (B)  an amount equal to any interest that is deemed to be in excess of the Maximum Lawful Rate (as defined below) and is required to be applied to the reduction of the principal balance of the Term Loans by Lender as provided for in Section 2.7;  
  (C)  unless Lender shall otherwise consent in writing, upon receipt by any Credit Party of the proceeds of any Asset Disposition (other than Permitted Asset Dispositions), an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the net cash proceeds of such Asset Disposition (net of out-of-pocket expenses and repayment of secured debt permitted under clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Debt and encumbering such asset), or such lesser portion as Lender shall elect to apply to the Obligations; and  
  (D)  unless Lender shall otherwise consent in writing, upon receipt by any Credit Party of any extraordinary receipts or the proceeds from the incurrence of Debt (other than Permitted Debt) or issuance and sale of any Debt or equity securities, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such extraordinary receipts, or such lesser portion as Lender shall elect to apply to the Obligations.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing and so long as no Event of Default or Default then exists: (1) any such casualty proceeds in excess of $250,000 (other than with respect to Inventory and any real property, unless Lender shall otherwise elect) may be used by Borrowers within one hundred eighty (180) days from the receipt of such proceeds to replace or repair any assets in respect of which such proceeds were paid so long as (x) prior to the receipt of such proceeds, Borrowers have delivered to Lender a reinvestment plan detailing such replacement or repair acceptable to Lender in its reasonable discretion and (y) such proceeds are deposited into an account with Lender promptly upon receipt by such Borrower; and (2) proceeds of personal property asset dispositions (other than Permitted Asset Dispositions) may be used by Borrowers within one hundred eighty (180) days from the receipt of such proceeds to purchase new or replacement assets of comparable value,   provided, however  , that such proceeds are deposited into an account with Lender promptly upon receipt by such Borrower.  All sums held by Lender pending reinvestment as described in subsections (1) and (2) above shall be deemed additional collateral for the Obligations and such sums may be commingled with the general funds of Lender.  
  (iii)  Borrowers may from time to time, with at least two (2) Business Days prior delivery to Lender of an appropriately completed Payment Notification, prepay the Term Loan in whole or in part; provided, however, that each such prepayment shall be in an amount equal to $100,000 or a higher integral multiple of $25,000 and shall be accompanied by any prepayment fees required hereunder. 
  (c)  All Prepayments  .  Except as this Agreement may specifically provide otherwise, all prepayments of the Term Loan shall be applied by Lender to the Obligations in inverse order of maturity.  The monthly payments required under   Schedule 2.1   shall continue in the same amount (for so long as the Term Loan and/or (if applicable) any advance thereunder shall remain outstanding) notwithstanding any partial prepayment, whether mandatory or optional, of the Term Loan.   
  (d)  LIBOR Rate  .  
  (i)  Except as provided in subsection (iii) below, the Term Loan shall accrue interest at the LIBOR Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin.   
  (ii)  The LIBOR Rate may be adjusted by Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs to Lender of maintaining or obtaining any eurodollar deposits or increased costs, in each case, due to changes in applicable Law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including changes in Tax laws that would subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto  and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing interest based upon the LIBOR Rate;   provided, however,   that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  change in applicable Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  In any such event, Lender shall give Borrowers notice of such a determination and adjustment and, upon its receipt of notice from Lender, Borrowers may, by notice to Lender (I) require Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth the basis for adjusting such LIBOR Rate and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (II) repay the Term Loans bearing interest based upon the LIBOR Rate with respect to which such adjustment is made.  
  (iii)  In the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for Lender to maintain Loans bearing interest based upon the LIBOR Rate or to continue such maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the LIBOR Rate, Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to Borrowers, (I) in the case of the pro rata share of the Term Loan held by Lender and then outstanding, the date specified in Lender s notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such portion of the Term Loan, and interest upon such portion thereafter shall accrue interest at the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin, and (II) such portion of the Term Loan shall continue to accrue interest at the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin until Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to maintain such Term Loan at the LIBOR Rate. 

(iv)  Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, Lender is not required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues based on the LIBOR Rate. 
  Section 2.2      Interest, Interest Calculations and Certain Fees  . 
  (a)  Interest  .  From and following the Closing Date, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Loans and the other Obligations shall bear interest at the sum of the LIBOR Rate   plus   the Applicable Margin.  Interest on the Term Loans shall be paid in arrears on the first (1st) day of each month and on the maturity of such Loans, whether by acceleration or otherwise.  Interest on all other Obligations shall be payable upon demand.  For purposes of calculating interest, all funds transferred to the Payment Account for application to any Term Loan shall be subject to a six (6) Business Day clearance period and all interest accruing on such funds during such clearance period shall accrue for the benefit of Lender. 
  (b)  [Reserved]  .   
  (c)  [Reserved]  .  
  (d)  Audit Fees  .  Borrowers shall pay to Lender all reasonable fees and expenses in connection with audits and inspections of Borrowers  books and records, audits, valuations or appraisals of the Collateral, audits of Borrowers  compliance with applicable Laws and such other matters as Lender shall deem appropriate, which shall be due and payable on the first Business Day of the month following the date of issuance by Lender of a written request for payment thereof to Borrowers. 
  (e)  Wire Fees  .   Borrowers shall pay to Lender on written demand, fees incurred for incoming and outgoing wires made for the account of Borrowers, which such fees will be in an amount equal to the expenses incurred by Lender in making any such wire. 
  (f)  Late Charges  .  If payments of principal (other than a final installment of principal upon the Termination Date), interest due on the Obligations, or any other amounts due hereunder or under the other Financing Documents are not timely made and remain overdue for a period of five (5) days, Borrowers, without notice or demand by Lender, promptly shall pay to Lender as additional compensation to Lender in administering the Obligations, an amount equal to five percent (5.0%) of each delinquent payment. 
  (g)  Computation of Interest and Related Fees  .  All interest and fees under each Financing Document shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed.  The date of funding of a Term Loan shall be included in the calculation of interest.  The date of payment of a Loan shall be excluded from the calculation of interest.  If a Loan is repaid on the same day that it is made, one (1) day s interest shall be charged.   
  Section 2.3      Notes  .  The Term Loans made by Lender shall be evidenced by a promissory note executed by Borrowers on a joint and several basis (a    Note   ) in an original principal amount equal to the Term Loan Commitment. 
  Section 2.4      [Reserved]  . 
  Section 2.5      [Reserved]  . 
  Section 2.6      General Provisions Regarding Payment; Loan Account  . 
  (a)  All payments to be made by each Borrower under any Financing Document, including payments of principal and interest made hereunder and pursuant to any other Financing Document, and all fees, expenses, indemnities and reimbursements, shall be made without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim.  If any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension (it being understood and agreed that, solely for purposes of calculating financial covenants and computations contained herein and determining compliance therewith, if payment is made, in full, on any such extended due date, such payment shall be deemed to have been paid on the original due date without giving effect to any extension thereto).  Any payments received in the Payment Account before 12:00 Noon (Eastern time) on any date shall be deemed received by Lender on such date, and any payments received in the Payment Account at or after 12:00 Noon (Eastern time) on any date shall be deemed received by Lender on the next succeeding Business Day.  In the absence of receipt by Lender of a written designation by Borrower Representative, at least two (2) Business Days prior to such prepayment, that such prepayment is to be applied to a Term Loan, Borrowers hereby authorize and direct Lender, subject to the provisions of Section 10.7 hereof, to apply such prepayment against all outstanding Term Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.1(c); provided, however, that if Lender at any time determines that payments received by Lender were in respect of a mandatory prepayment event, Lender shall apply such payments in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.1(b) and shall be fully authorized by Borrowers and Lender to make corresponding Loan Account reversals in respect thereof. 

(b)  Lender shall maintain a loan account (the    Loan Account   ) on its books to record Loans and other extensions of credit made by Lender hereunder or under any other Financing Document, and all payments thereon made by each Borrower.  All entries in the Loan Account shall be made in accordance with Lender s customary accounting practices as in effect from time to time.  The balance in the Loan Account, as recorded in Lender s books and records at any time shall be conclusive and binding evidence of the amounts due and owing to Lender by each Borrower absent manifest error;   provided  ,   however  , that any failure to so record or any error in so recording shall not limit or otherwise affect any Borrower s duty to pay all amounts owing hereunder or under any other Financing Document.  Lender shall endeavor to provide Borrowers with a monthly statement regarding the Loan Account (but Lender shall not have any liability if Lender shall fail to provide any such statement).  Unless any Borrower notifies Lender of any objection to any such statement (specifically describing the basis for such objection) within ninety (90) days after the date of receipt thereof, it shall be deemed final, binding and conclusive upon Borrowers in all respects as to all matters reflected therein. 
  Section 2.7      Maximum Interest  .  In no event shall the interest charged with respect to the Term Loans or any other Obligations of any Borrower under any Financing Document exceed the maximum amount permitted under the laws of the State of New York or of any other applicable jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or elsewhere, if at any time the rate of interest payable hereunder or under any Note or other Financing Document (the    Stated Rate   ) would exceed the highest rate of interest permitted under any applicable law to be charged (the    Maximum Lawful Rate   ), then for so long as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest payable shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate;   provided  ,   however  , that if at any time thereafter the Stated Rate is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, each Borrower shall, to the extent permitted by law, continue to pay interest at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received is equal to the total interest which would have been received had the Stated Rate been (but for the operation of this provision) the interest rate payable.  Thereafter, the interest rate payable shall be the Stated Rate unless and until the Stated Rate again would exceed the Maximum Lawful Rate, in which event this provision shall again apply.  In no event shall the total interest received by Lender exceed the amount which it could lawfully have received had the interest been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate. If, notwithstanding the prior sentence, Lender has received interest hereunder in excess of the Maximum Lawful Rate, such excess amount shall be applied to the reduction of the principal balance of the Term Loans or to other amounts (other than interest) payable hereunder, and if no such principal or other amounts are then outstanding, such excess or part thereof remaining shall be paid to Borrowers.  In computing interest payable with reference to the Maximum Lawful Rate applicable to Lender, such interest shall be calculated at a daily rate equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate   divided by   the number of days in the year in which such calculation is made. 
  Section 2.8      Taxes; Capital Adequacy  .   
  (a)  Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Financing Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Credit Parties) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Credit Party, then the applicable Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section), the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.  For purposes of this   Section 2.8  , the term  applicable law  includes FATCA. 
  (b)  The Credit Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes. 
  (c)  The Credit Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Lender, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this   Section 2.8  ) payable or paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrowers by a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  (d)  Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Financing Document shall deliver to the Borrowers, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers as will enable the Borrowers to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission  

of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Section 2.8(d)(i)  ,   (ii)   and   (iv)   below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
  (i)  any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrowers on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
  (ii)  any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a    Foreign Lender   ) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrowers) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers), whichever of the following is applicable: 
  (A)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Financing Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Financing Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
  (B)  executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
  (C)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN; or 
  (D)  to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
  (iii)  any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrowers (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrowers) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers, executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
  (iv)  if a payment made to a Lender under any Financing Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers as may be necessary for the Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (iv),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
  (v)  Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrowers in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(e)  If any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this   Section 2.8   (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 2.8  ), it shall pay to the applicable Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this   Section 2.8   with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such Credit Party, upon the request of such Lender, shall repay to such Credit Party the amount paid over pursuant to this   Section 2.8(e)   (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 2.8(e)  , in no event will a Lender be required to pay any amount to a Credit Party pursuant to this   Section 2.8(e)   the payment of which would place the Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This   Section 2.8(e)   shall not be construed to require any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Credit Parties or any other Person. 
  (f)  Each party s obligations under this   Section 2.8   shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Term Loan Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Financing Document. 
  (g)  Capital Adequacy  .  If Lender shall determine in its commercially reasonable judgment that the adoption or taking effect of, or any change in, any applicable Law regarding capital adequacy, in each instance, after the Closing Date, or any change after the Closing Date in the interpretation, administration or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation, administration or application thereof, or the compliance by Lender or any Person controlling Lender with any request, guideline or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency adopted or otherwise taking effect after the Closing Date, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Lender s or such controlling Person s capital as a consequence of Lender s obligations hereunder to a level below that which Lender or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such adoption, taking effect, change, interpretation, administration, application or compliance (taking into consideration Lender s or such controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy) then from time to time, upon written demand by Lender (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand and a calculation of the amount thereof in reasonable detail), Borrowers shall promptly pay to Lender such additional amount as will compensate Lender or such controlling Person for such reduction, so long as such amounts have accrued on or after the day which is two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date on which Lender first made demand therefor;   provided, however,   that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  change in applicable Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.  This Section 2.8(g) shall not apply to Taxes, which shall be governed exclusively by Section 2.8(a) through (f). 
  (h)  If Lender requires compensation under Section 2.8(d), or requires any Borrower to pay any additional amount to Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of Lender pursuant to Section 2.8, then, upon the written request of Borrower Representative, Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder (subject to the terms of this Agreement) to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or materially reduce amounts payable pursuant to any such subsection, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to Lender (as determined in its sole discretion).  Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
  Section 2.9      Appointment of Borrower Representative  .  Each Borrower hereby designates Borrower Representative as its representative and agent on its behalf for the purposes of issuing Notices of Borrowing, and giving instructions with respect to the disbursement of the proceeds of the Term Loans, giving and receiving all other notices and consents hereunder or under any of the other Financing Documents and taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower or Borrowers under the Financing Documents.  Borrower Representative hereby accepts such appointment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Borrower other than Borrower Representative shall be entitled to take any of the foregoing actions.  The proceeds of each Loan made hereunder shall be advanced to or at the direction of Borrower Representative and if not used by Borrower Representative in its business (for the purposes provided in this Agreement) shall be deemed to be immediately advanced by Borrower Representative to the appropriate other Borrower hereunder as an intercompany loan (collectively,    Intercompany Loans   ).  All collections of each Borrower in respect of proceeds of Collateral  

of such Borrower received by Lender and applied to the Obligations shall also be deemed to be repayments of the Intercompany Loans owing by such Borrower to Borrower Representative.  Borrowers shall maintain accurate books and records with respect to all Intercompany Loans and all repayments thereof.  Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Financing Document from Borrower Representative as a notice or communication from all Borrowers, and may give any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to any Borrower or all Borrowers hereunder to Borrower Representative on behalf of such Borrower or all Borrowers.  Each Borrower agrees that each notice, election, representation and warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking made on its behalf by Borrower Representative shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. 
  Section 2.10      Joint and Several Liability; Rights of Contribution; Subordination and Subrogation  . 
  (a)  Borrowers are defined collectively to include all Persons named as one of the Borrowers herein;   provided, however  , that any references herein to  any Borrower ,  each Borrower  or similar references, shall be construed as a reference to each individual Person named as one of the Borrowers herein.  Each Person so named shall be jointly and severally liable for all of the obligations of Borrowers under this Agreement.  Each Borrower, individually, expressly understands, agrees and acknowledges, that the credit facilities would not be made available on the terms herein in the absence of the collective credit of all of the Persons named as the Borrowers herein, the joint and several liability of all such Persons, and the cross-collateralization of the collateral of all such Persons.  Accordingly, each Borrower individually acknowledges that the benefit to each of the Persons named as one of the Borrowers as a whole constitutes reasonably equivalent value, regardless of the amount of the credit facilities actually borrowed by, advanced to, or the amount of collateral provided by, any individual Borrower.  In addition, each entity named as one of the Borrowers herein hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of the representations, warranties, covenants, obligations, conditions, agreements and other terms contained in this Agreement shall be applicable to and shall be binding upon and measured and enforceable individually against each Person named as one of the Borrowers herein as well as all such Persons when taken together.  By way of illustration, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the terms of Section 10.1 of this Agreement are to be applied to each individual Person named as one of the Borrowers herein (as well as to all such Persons taken as a whole), such that the occurrence of any of the events described in Section 10.1 of this Agreement as to any Person named as one of the Borrowers herein shall constitute an Event of Default even if such event has not occurred as to any other Persons named as the Borrowers or as to all such Persons taken as a whole. 
  (b)  Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, it is intended that the joint and several nature of the liability of each Borrower for the Obligations and the Liens granted by Borrowers to secure the Obligations, not constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance (as defined below).  Consequently, Lender and each Borrower agree that if the liability of a Borrower for the Obligations, or any Liens granted by such Borrower securing the Obligations would, but for the application of this sentence, constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance, the liability of such Borrower and the Liens securing such liability shall be valid and enforceable only to the maximum extent that would not cause such liability or such Lien to constitute a Fraudulent Conveyance, and the liability of such Borrower and this Agreement shall automatically be deemed to have been amended accordingly.  For purposes hereof, the term    Fraudulent Conveyance    means a fraudulent conveyance under Section 548 of Chapter 11 of Title II of the Bankruptcy Code or a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under the applicable provisions of any fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer law or similar law of any state, nation or other governmental unit, as in effect from time to time. 
  (c)  Lender is hereby authorized, without notice or demand (except as otherwise specifically required under this Agreement and subject in all respects to the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement) and without affecting the liability of any Borrower hereunder, at any time and from time to time, to (i) renew, extend or otherwise increase the time for payment of the Obligations; (ii) with the written agreement of any Borrower, change the terms relating to the Obligations or otherwise modify, amend or change the terms of any Note or other agreement, document or instrument now or hereafter executed by either Borrower and delivered to Lender for Lender; (iii) accept partial payments of the Obligations; (iv) take and hold any Collateral for the payment of the Obligations or for the payment of any guaranties of the Obligations and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such Collateral; (v) apply any such Collateral and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as Lender, in its sole discretion, may determine; and (vi) settle, release, compromise, collect or otherwise liquidate the Obligations and any Collateral therefor in any manner, all surety defenses being hereby waived by each Borrower.  Without limitations of the foregoing, with respect to the Obligations, each Borrower hereby makes and adopts each of the agreements and waivers set forth in each Guarantee, the same being incorporated hereby by reference.  Except as specifically provided in this Agreement or any of the other Financing Documents, Lender shall have the exclusive right to determine the time and manner of application of any payments or credits, whether received from any Borrower or any other source, and such determination shall be binding on all Borrowers.  All such payments and credits may be applied, reversed and reapplied, in whole or in part, to any of the Obligations that Lender shall determine, in its sole discretion, without affecting the validity or enforceability of the Obligations of the other Borrower. 

(d)  Each Borrower hereby agrees that, except as hereinafter provided, its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of (i) the absence of any attempt to collect the Obligations from any obligor or other action to enforce the same; (ii) the waiver or consent by Lender with respect to any provision of any instrument evidencing the Obligations, or any part thereof, or any other agreement heretofore, now or hereafter executed by a Borrower and delivered to Lender; (iii) failure by Lender to take any steps to perfect and maintain its security interest in, or to preserve its rights to, any security or collateral for the Obligations; (iv) the institution of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar proceeding, by or against a Borrower or Lender s election in any such proceeding of the application of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code; (v) any borrowing or grant of a security interest by a Borrower as debtor-in-possession, under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code; (vi) the disallowance, under Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code, of all or any portion of Lender s claim(s) for repayment of any of the Obligations; or (vii) any other circumstance other than payment in full of the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor or surety. 
  (e)  The Borrowers hereby agree, as between themselves, that to the extent that Lender shall have received from any Borrower any Recovery Amount (as defined below), then the paying Borrower shall have a right of contribution against each other Borrower in an amount equal to such other Borrower s contributive share of such Recovery Amount;   provided, however  , that in the event any Borrower suffers a Deficiency Amount (as defined below), then the Borrower suffering the Deficiency Amount shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against the other Borrowers in an amount equal to the Deficiency Amount; and   provided, further  , that in no event shall the aggregate amounts so reimbursed by reason of the contribution of any Borrower equal or exceed an amount that would, if paid, constitute or result in Fraudulent Conveyance.  Until all Obligations have been paid and satisfied in full, no payment made by or for the account of a Borrower including, without limitation, (i) a payment made by such Borrower on behalf of the liabilities of any other Borrower, or (ii) a payment made by any other Guarantor under any Guarantee, shall entitle such Borrower, by subrogation or otherwise, to any payment from such other Borrower or from or out of such other Borrower s property.  The right of each Borrower to receive any contribution under this Section 2.10(e) or by subrogation or otherwise from any other Borrower shall be subordinate in right of payment to the Obligations and such Borrower shall not exercise any right or remedy against such other Borrower or any property of such other Borrower by reason of any performance of such Borrower of its joint and several obligations hereunder, until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full, and no Borrower shall exercise any right or remedy with respect to this Section 2.10(e) until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full.  As used in this Section 2.10(e), the term    Recovery Amount    means the amount of proceeds received by or credited to Lender from the exercise of any remedy of Lender under this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, including, without limitation, the sale of any Collateral.  As used in this Section 2.10(e), the term    Deficiency Amount    means any amount that is less than the entire amount a Borrower is entitled to receive by way of contribution or subrogation from, but that has not been paid by, the other Borrowers in respect of any Recovery Amount attributable to the Borrower entitled to contribution, until the Deficiency Amount has been reduced to zero through contributions and reimbursements made under the terms of this Section 2.10(e) or otherwise. 
  Section 2.11      [Reserved]  . 
  Section 2.12      Termination; Restriction on Termination  . 
  (a)  Termination by Lenders  .  In addition to the rights set forth in Section 10.2, Lender may terminate this Agreement without notice upon or after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
  (b)  Termination by Borrowers  .  Upon at least thirty (30) days  prior written notice to Lender, Borrowers may, at their option, terminate this Agreement.  Any notice of termination given by Borrowers shall be irrevocable unless Lender otherwise agrees in writing and Lender shall not have any obligation to make any Loans on or after the termination date stated in such notice.  Borrowers may elect to terminate this Agreement in its entirety only.  No section of this Agreement or type of Loan available hereunder may be terminated singly.  
  (c)  Effectiveness of Termination  .  All of the Obligations shall be immediately due and payable upon the Termination Date.  All undertakings, agreements, covenants, warranties and representations of Borrowers contained in the Financing Documents shall survive any such termination and Lender shall retain its Liens in the Collateral and Lender shall retain all of its rights and remedies under the Financing Documents notwithstanding such termination until all Obligations have been discharged or paid, in full, in immediately available funds.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or the payment in full of the Obligations, Lender shall not be required to terminate its Liens in the Collateral unless, with respect to any loss or damage Lender may incur as a result of dishonored checks or other items of payment received by Lender from Borrower and applied to the Obligations, Lender shall, at its option, (i) have received a written agreement satisfactory to Lender, executed by Borrowers and by any Person whose loans or other advances to Borrowers are used in whole or in part to satisfy the Obligations, indemnifying Lender from any such loss or damage or (ii) have retained cash Collateral or other Collateral for such period of time as Lender, in its discretion, may deem necessary to protect Lender from any such loss or damage. 

ARTICLE 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  To induce Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make the Term Loans and other credit accommodations contemplated hereby, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants to Lender that:  
  Section 3.1      Existence and Power  . Each Credit Party is an entity as specified on   Schedule 3.1  , is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (or the local equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction specified on   Schedule 3.1   and no other jurisdiction, has the same legal name as it appears in such Credit Party s Organizational Documents and an organizational identification number (if any), in each case as specified on   Schedule 3.1  , and has all powers and all Permits necessary or desirable in the operation of its business as presently conducted or as proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to have such Permits could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Credit Party is qualified to do business as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction in which it is required to be so qualified, which jurisdictions as of the Closing Date are specified on   Schedule 3.1  , except where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set forth on   Schedule 3.1  , no Credit Party (a) has had, over the five (5) year period preceding the Closing Date, any name other than its current name, or (b) was incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than its current jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. 
  Section 3.2      Organization and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention  .  The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Operative Documents to which it is a party are within its powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary action pursuant to its Organizational Documents, require no further action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority and do not violate, conflict with or cause a breach or a default under (a) any Law applicable to any Credit Party or any of the Organizational Documents of any Credit Party, or (b) any agreement or instrument binding upon it, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults as could not, with respect to this clause (b), reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  Section 3.3      Binding Effect  .  Each of the Operative Documents to which any Credit Party is a party constitutes a valid and binding agreement or instrument of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles. 
  Section 3.4      Capitalization  .  The authorized equity securities of each of the Credit Parties as of the Closing Date is as set forth on   Schedule 3.4  .  All issued and outstanding equity securities of each of the Credit Parties are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens other than (a) those in favor of Lender for its benefit and (b) Liens permitted pursuant to clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and such equity securities were issued in compliance with all applicable Laws.  The identity of the holders of the equity securities of each of the Credit Parties (other than Holdings) and the percentage of their fully-diluted ownership of the equity securities of each of the Credit Parties (other than Holdings) as of the Closing Date is set forth on   Schedule 3.4  .  No shares of the capital stock or other equity securities of any Credit Party, other than those described above, are issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date.   
  Section 3.5      Financial Information  .  All information delivered to Lender and pertaining to the financial condition of any Credit Party fairly presents the financial position of such Credit Party as of such date in conformity with GAAP (and as to unaudited financial statements, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnote disclosures).  Since the Closing Date, there has been no material adverse change in the business, operations, properties, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Credit Party.   
  Section 3.6      Litigation  .  Except as set forth on   Schedule 3.6   as of the Closing Date, and except as hereafter disclosed to Lender in writing (including disclosures pursuant to Section 4.9 or otherwise, it being understood that any such disclosures shall not act as a consent or waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising under Section 4.9, Section 10.1(h) or any other provision of this Agreement), there is no Litigation pending against, or to such Credit Party s knowledge threatened against or affecting, any Credit Party or, to such Credit Party s knowledge, any party to any Operative Document other than a Credit Party.  Other than as disclosed on   Schedule 3.6  , there is no Litigation pending in which an adverse decision could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or which in any manner draws into question the validity of any of the Operative Documents. 
  Section 3.7      Ownership of Property  .  Each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is the lawful owner of, has good and marketable title to and is in lawful possession of, or has valid leasehold interests in, all properties and other assets (real or personal, tangible, intangible or mixed) purported or reported to be owned or leased (as the case may be) by such Person. 
  Section 3.8      No Default  .  No Event of Default, or to such Credit Party s knowledge, Default, has occurred and is continuing.  No Credit Party is in breach or default under or with respect to any contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or by which its property is bound or affected, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.9      Labor Matters  .  As of the Closing Date, there are no strikes or other labor disputes pending or, to any Credit Party s knowledge, threatened against any Credit Party.  Hours worked and payments made to the employees of the Credit Parties have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Law dealing with such matters.  All payments due from the Credit Parties, or for which any claim may be made against any of them, on account of wages and employee and retiree health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on their books, as the case may be.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents will not give rise to a right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound. 
  Section 3.10      Regulated Entities  .  No Credit Party is an  investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  or a  subsidiary  of an  investment company,  all within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940.   
  Section 3.11      Margin Regulations  .  None of the proceeds from the Term Loans have been or will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any  margin stock  (as defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board), for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any  margin stock  or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Term Loans to be considered a  purpose credit  within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 
  Section 3.12      Compliance With Laws; Anti-Terrorism Laws  . 
  (a)  Each Credit Party is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable Laws, except for such Laws the noncompliance with which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (b)  None of the Credit Parties and, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, none of their Affiliates (i) is in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (ii) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law, (iii) is a Blocked Person, or is controlled by a Blocked Person, (iv) is acting or will act for or on behalf of a Blocked Person, (v) is associated with, or will become associated with, a Blocked Person or (vi) is providing, or will provide, material, financial or technical support or other services to or in support of acts of terrorism of a Blocked Person.  No Credit Party nor, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, any of its Affiliates or agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (A) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, or (B) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, any similar executive order or other Anti-Terrorism Law. 
  Section 3.13      Taxes  .  All federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns and all other material tax returns, reports and statements required to be filed by or on behalf of each Credit Party have been filed with the appropriate Governmental Authorities in all jurisdictions in which such returns, reports and statements are required to be filed and, except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, all Taxes (including real property Taxes) and other charges shown to be due and payable in respect thereof have been timely paid prior to the date on which any fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto for nonpayment thereof.  Except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, all material state and local sales and use Taxes required to be paid by each Credit Party have been paid. All federal and state returns have been filed by each Credit Party for all periods for which returns were due with respect to employee income tax withholding, social security and unemployment taxes, and, except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, the amounts shown thereon to be due and payable have been paid in full or adequate provisions therefor have been made. 
  Section 3.14      Compliance with ERISA  .   
  (a)  Each ERISA Plan (and the related trusts and funding agreements) complies in form and in operation with, has been administered in compliance with, and the terms of each ERISA Plan satisfy, the applicable requirements of ERISA and the Code in all material respects.  Each ERISA Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and the United States Internal Revenue Service has issued a favorable determination letter with respect to each such ERISA Plan which may be relied on currently.  No Credit Party has incurred liability for any material excise tax under any of Sections 4971 through 5000 of the Code. 
  (b)  Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Credit Party is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the provision of the Code relating to ERISA Plans and the regulations and published interpretations therein.  During the thirty-six (36) month period prior to the Closing Date or the making of any Loan, (i) no steps have been taken to terminate any Pension Plan, and (ii) no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA.  No condition exists or event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in the incurrence by any Credit  

Party of any material liability, fine or penalty.  No Credit Party has incurred liability to the PBGC (other than for current premiums) with respect to any employee Pension Plan.  All contributions (if any) have been made on a timely basis to any Multiemployer Plan that are required to be made by any Credit Party or any other member of the Controlled Group under the terms of the plan or of any collective bargaining agreement or by applicable Law; no Credit Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn or partially withdrawn from any Multiemployer Plan, incurred any withdrawal liability with respect to any such plan or received notice of any claim or demand for withdrawal liability or partial withdrawal liability from any such plan, and no condition has occurred which, if continued, could result in a withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any such plan, and no Credit Party nor any member of the Controlled Group has received any notice that any Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization, that increased contributions may be required to avoid a reduction in plan benefits  or the imposition of any excise tax, that any such plan is or has been funded at a rate less than that required under Section 412 of the Code, that any such plan is or may be terminated, or that any such plan is or may become insolvent. 
  Section 3.15      Consummation of Operative Documents; Brokers  .   Except for fees payable to Lender, no broker, finder or other intermediary has brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the transactions contemplated by the Operative Documents, and no Credit Party has or will have any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder s or brokerage fees, commissions or other expenses in connection herewith or therewith.  
  Section 3.16      Related Transactions  .  All transactions contemplated by the Operative Documents to be consummated on or prior to the date hereof have been so consummated (including, without limitation, the disbursement and transfer of all funds in connection therewith) in all material respects pursuant to the provisions of the applicable Operative Documents, true and complete copies of which have been delivered to Lender, and in compliance with all applicable Law, except for such Laws the noncompliance with which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  Section 3.17      Material Contracts  .  Except for the Operative Documents and the other agreements set forth on   Schedule 3.17   (collectively with the Operative Documents, the    Material Contracts   ), as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to (a) any  material contract  as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or (b) any other agreements or instruments, the breach, nonperformance or cancellation of which, or the failure of which to renew, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents will not give rise to a right of termination in favor of any party to any Material Contract (other than any Credit Party).   
  Section 3.18      Compliance with Environmental Requirements; No Hazardous Materials  .  Except in each case as set forth on   Schedule 3.18  : 
  (a)  no notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation, summons, complaint or order has been issued, no complaint has been filed, no penalty has been assessed and no investigation or review is pending, or to such Credit Party s knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Authority or other Person with respect to any (i) alleged violation by any Credit Party of any Environmental Law, (ii) alleged failure by any Credit Party to have any Permits required in connection with the conduct of its business or to comply with the terms and conditions thereof, (iii) any generation, treatment, storage, recycling, transportation or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, or (iv) release of Hazardous Materials; and  
  (b)  no property now owned or leased by any Credit Party and, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, no such property previously owned or leased by any Credit Party, to which any Credit Party has, directly or indirectly, transported or arranged for the transportation of any Hazardous Materials, is listed or, to such Credit Party s knowledge, proposed for listing, on the National Priorities List promulgated pursuant to CERCLA, or CERCLIS (as defined in CERCLA) or any similar state list or is the subject of federal, state or local enforcement actions or, to the knowledge of such Credit Party, other investigations which may lead to claims against any Credit Party for clean-up costs, remedial work, damage to natural resources or personal injury claims, including, without limitation, claims under CERCLA. 
  Section 3.19      Intellectual Property  .  Each Credit Party owns, is licensed to use or otherwise has the right to use, all Intellectual Property that is material to the condition (financial or other), business or operations of such Credit Party.  All Intellectual Property existing as of the Closing Date which is issued, registered or pending with any United States or foreign Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, any and all applications for the registration of any Intellectual Property with any such United States or foreign Governmental Authority) and all licenses under which any Borrower is the licensee of any such registered Intellectual Property (or any such application for the registration of Intellectual Property) owned by another Person are set forth on   Schedule 3.19  .  Such   Schedule 3.19   indicates in each case whether such registered Intellectual Property (or application therefore) is owned or licensed by such Credit Party, and in the case of any such licensed registered Intellectual Property (or application therefore), lists the name of such licensor and the name and date of the agreement pursuant to which such item of Intellectual Property is licensed, and copies of all such agreements have been provided to Lender.  Except as indicated on   Schedule 3.19  , the applicable Credit Party is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to each such  

registered Intellectual Property (or application therefore) purported to be owned by such Credit Party, free and clear of any Liens (except for Liens granted pursuant to the MidCap Facility Agreement) and/or licenses in favor of third parties or agreements or covenants not such sue third parties for infringement.  All registered Intellectual Property of each Credit Party is duly and properly registered, filed or issued in the appropriate office and jurisdictions for such registrations, filings or issuances, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Credit Party is party to, nor bound by, any material license or other agreement with respect to which any Credit Party is the licensee that prohibits or otherwise restricts such Credit Party from granting a security interest in such Credit Party s interest in such license or agreement or other property.  To such Credit Party s knowledge, each Credit Party conducts its business without infringement or claim of infringement of any Intellectual Property rights of others and there is no infringement or claim of infringement by others of any Intellectual Property rights of any Credit Party, which infringement or claim of infringement could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  Section 3.20      Solvency  .  After giving effect to the Loan advance and the liabilities and obligations of each Credit Party under the Operative Documents, each Borrower and each additional Credit Party is Solvent. 
  Section 3.21      Full Disclosure  .  None of the written information (financial or otherwise) furnished by or on behalf of any Credit Party to Lender in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Operative Documents, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made.  All financial projections delivered to Lender by any Credit Party (or its agents) have been prepared on the basis of the assumptions stated therein. Such projections represent such Credit Party s best estimate of such Credit Party s future financial performance and such assumptions are believed by such Credit Party to be fair and reasonable in light of current business conditions; provided, however, that the Credit Parties can give no assurance that such projections will be attained.   
  Section 3.22      Interest Rate  .  The rate of interest paid under the Note and the method and manner of the calculation thereof do not violate any usury or other law or applicable Laws,  any of the Organizational Documents, or any of the Operative Documents. 
  Section 3.23      Subsidiaries  .  The Credit Parties do not own any stock, partnership interests, limited liability company interests or other equity securities except for (i) the Subsidiaries or (ii) Permitted Investments. 
  ARTICLE 4 - AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
  Each Credit Party agrees that, so long as any Credit Exposure exists: 
  Section 4.1      Financial Statements and Other Reports  .  Holdings will deliver to Lender within five (5) days of delivery or filing thereof, copies of all reports and other filings made by Borrowers with any stock exchange on which any securities of any Borrower are traded and/or the SEC, unless such reports or other filings are otherwise available on the public website of the SEC (www.SEC.gov).  Each Borrower will, within thirty (30) days after the last day of each Fiscal Quarter, deliver to Lender a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer setting forth calculations showing compliance with the financial covenants set forth in this Agreement.  Promptly upon their becoming available, Borrowers shall deliver to Lender redacted copies of all Material Contracts that Borrowers expect to file on the public website of the SEC.  
  Section 4.2      Payment and Performance of Obligations  .  Each Borrower (a) will pay and discharge, and cause each Subsidiary to pay and discharge, on a timely basis as and when due, all of their respective obligations and liabilities (excluding Taxes), except for such obligations and/or liabilities (i) that may be the subject of a Permitted Contest, and (ii) the nonpayment or nondischarge of which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien against any Collateral, except for Permitted Liens, (b) pay all amounts due and owing in respect of Taxes (including without limitation, payroll and withholdings tax liabilities) on a timely basis as and when due, and in any case prior to the date on which any fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto for nonpayment thereof, except for such Taxes (i) that may be the subject of a Permitted Contest, and (ii) the nonpayment or nondischarge of which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien against any Collateral, except for Permitted Liens, (c) will maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, in accordance with GAAP, appropriate reserves for the accrual of all of their respective obligations and liabilities, and (d) will not breach or permit any Subsidiary to breach, or permit to exist any default under, the terms of any lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation to which it is a party, or by which its properties or assets are bound, except for such breaches or defaults which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   
   
  Section 4.3      Maintenance of Existence  .  Each Credit Party will preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect and in good standing, and will cause  each Subsidiary that owns assets, the aggregate value of which exceeds $[***] at any time  

to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect and in good standing (or the local equivalent), their respective existence and their respective rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of business.  
   
  Section 4.4      Maintenance of Property; Insurance  . 
  (a)  Each Borrower will keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.  If all or any part of the Collateral useful or necessary in its business becomes damaged or destroyed, each Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, promptly and completely repair and/or restore the affected Collateral in a good and workmanlike manner, regardless of whether Lender agrees to disburse insurance proceeds or other sums to pay costs of the work of repair or reconstruction.   
  (b)  [Reserved]. 
  (c)  Each Borrower will maintain (i) casualty insurance on all real and personal property on an all risks basis (including the perils of flood, windstorm and quake), covering the repair and replacement cost of all such property and coverage, business interruption and rent loss coverages with extended period of indemnity (for the period required by Lender from time to time) and indemnity for extra expense, in each case without application of coinsurance and with agreed amount endorsements, (ii) general and professional liability insurance (including products/completed operations liability coverage), and (iii) such other insurance coverage in such amounts and with respect to such risks as Lender may request from time to time, pursuant to the Insurance Requirements attached hereto as   Schedule 4.4  ;   provided  ,   however  , that, in no event shall such insurance be in amounts or with coverage less than, or with carriers with qualifications inferior to, any of the insurance or carriers in existence as of the Closing Date (or required to be in existence after the Closing Date under a Financing Document).  All such insurance shall be provided by insurers having an A.M. Best policyholders rating reasonably acceptable to Lender. 
  (d)  On or prior to the Closing Date, and at all times thereafter, each Borrower will cause Lender to be named as an additional insured, assignee and lender loss payee (which shall include, as applicable, identification as mortgagee), as applicable, on each insurance policy required to be maintained pursuant to this Section 4.4 pursuant to endorsements in form and substance acceptable to Lender.  Borrowers shall deliver to Lender (i) on an annual basis, and upon the request of Lender from time to time full information as to the insurance carried, (ii) within five (5) days of receipt of notice from any insurer, a copy of any notice of cancellation, nonrenewal or material change in coverage from that existing on the date of this Agreement, (iii) forthwith, notice of any cancellation or nonrenewal of coverage by any Borrower, and (iv) at least 60 days prior to expiration of any policy of insurance, evidence of renewal of such insurance upon the terms and conditions herein required. 
  (e)  In the event any Borrower fails to provide Lender with evidence of the insurance coverage required by this Agreement, Lender may purchase insurance at Borrowers  expense to protect Lender s interests in the Collateral.  This insurance may, but need not, protect such Borrower s interests.  The coverage purchased by Lender may not pay any claim made by such Borrower or any claim that is made against such Borrower in connection with the Collateral.  Such Borrower may later cancel any insurance purchased by Lender, but only after providing Lender with evidence that such Borrower has obtained insurance as required by this Agreement.  If Lender purchases insurance for the Collateral, Borrowers will be responsible for the costs of that insurance to the fullest extent provided by law, including interest and other charges imposed by Lender in connection with the placement of the insurance, until the effective date of the cancellation or expiration of the insurance.  The costs of the insurance may be added to the Obligations.  The costs of the insurance may be more than the cost of insurance such Borrower is able to obtain on its own.   
  Section 4.5      Compliance with Laws and Material Contracts  .  Each Borrower will comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Laws and Material Contracts, except to the extent that failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to (a) have a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) result in any Lien upon either (i) a material portion of the assets of any such Person in favor of any Governmental Authority, or (ii) any Collateral. 
  Section 4.6      Inspection of Property; Books and Records  .  Each Borrower will keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, proper books of record substantially in accordance with GAAP in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. 
  Section 4.7      Use of Proceeds  .  Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Term Loans solely for (a) transaction fees incurred in connection with the Financing Documents, (b) refinancing on the Closing Date of Debt, and (c) for general business purposes and working capital needs of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as permitted hereunder.  No portion of the proceeds of the Term Loans will be used for family, personal, agricultural or household use or the purchase of margin stock. 
  Section 4.8      Estoppel Certificates  .  After written request by Lender, Borrowers, within thirty (30) days and at their expense, will furnish Lender with a statement, duly acknowledged and certified, setting forth (a) the amount of the original principal amount of the Note, and the unpaid principal amount of the Note, (b) the rate of interest of the Note, (c) the date payments of  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

interest and/or principal were last paid, (d) any offsets or defenses to the payment of the Obligations, and if any are alleged, the nature thereof, (e) that the Note and this Agreement have not been modified or if modified, giving particulars of such modification, and (f) that there has occurred and is then continuing no Default or if such Default exists, the nature thereof, the period of time it has existed, and the action being taken to remedy such Default.  After written request by Lender, Borrowers, within fifteen (15) days and at their expense, will furnish Lender with a certificate, signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrowers, updating all of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Financing Documents and certifying that all of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Financing Documents, as updated pursuant to such certificate, are true, accurate and complete as of the date of such certificate. 
  Section 4.9      Notices of Litigation and Defaults  .  In addition to, but not in duplication of the information required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.1, Borrowers will give prompt written notice to Lender (a) of any litigation or governmental proceedings pending or threatened (in writing) against Borrowers or other Credit Party which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Borrowers or any other Credit Party or which in any manner calls into question the validity or enforceability of any Financing Document, (b) upon any Borrower becoming aware of the existence of any Default or Event of Default, (c) if any Credit Party is in breach or default under or with respect to any Material Contract, or if any Credit Party is in breach or default under or with respect to any other contract, agreement, lease or other instrument to which it is a party or by which its property is bound or affected, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (d) of any strikes or other labor disputes pending or, to any Borrower s knowledge, threatened against any Credit Party, (e) if there is any claim by any other Person that any Credit Party in the conduct of its business is infringing on the Intellectual Property Rights of others, which claim could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (f) of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims related to the Collateral could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   
  Section 4.10      Hazardous Materials; Remediation  . 
  (a)  If any release or disposal of Hazardous Materials shall occur or shall have occurred on any real property or any other assets of any Borrower or any other Credit Party, such Borrower will cause, or direct the applicable Credit Party to cause, the prompt containment and removal of such Hazardous Materials and the remediation of such real property or other assets as is necessary to comply with all Environmental Laws and to preserve the value of such real property or other assets.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, comply with each Environmental Law requiring the performance at any real property by any Borrower or any other Credit Party of activities in response to the release or threatened release of a Hazardous Material. 
  (b)  Borrowers will provide Lender within thirty (30) days after written  demand therefor with a bond, letter of credit or similar financial assurance evidencing to the reasonable satisfaction of Lender that sufficient funds are available to pay the cost of removing, treating and disposing of any Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Contamination and discharging any assessment which may be established on any property as a result thereof, such demand to be made, if at all, upon Lender s reasonable business determination that the failure to remove, treat or dispose of any Hazardous Materials or Hazardous Materials Contamination, or the failure to discharge any such assessment could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  Section 4.11      Further Assurances  . 
  (a)  Each Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, at its own cost and expense, promptly and duly take, execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further acts, documents and assurances as may from time to time be necessary or as Lender may from time to time reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and purposes of the Financing Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, including all such actions to (i) establish, create, preserve, protect and perfect a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) in favor of Lender on the Collateral (including Collateral acquired after the date hereof), and (ii) unless Lender shall agree otherwise in writing, cause all Subsidiaries of Borrowers to be jointly and severally obligated with the other Borrowers under all covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including the obligation to repay the Obligations.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrowers shall, if requested by Lender, (x) within 60 days (or such longer period as agreed by Lender) of an acquisition by a Credit Party of any registered Intellectual Property or application for the registration of Intellectual Property, deliver to Lender a duly completed and executed supplement to the applicable Credit Party s Patent Security Agreement or Trademark Security Agreement in the form of the respective Exhibit thereto, and (y) within 60 days (or such longer period as agreed by Lender) of an acquisition by any Credit Party of any rights under a license as a licensee with respect to any registered Intellectual Property or application for the registration of any Intellectual Property owned by another Person, execute any documents requested by Lender to establish, create, preserve, protect and perfect a first priority lien in favor of Lender, to the extent legally possible, in such Borrower s rights under such license and shall use their commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the written consent of the licensor which such license to the granting in favor of Lender of a Lien on such Borrower s rights as licensee under such license.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all documentation delivered to the Lender pursuant to this Section 4.11(a)(x) or 4.11(a)(y), including but not limited to any Patent Security Agreement  

or Trademark Security Agreement supplements, shall be held in accordance with Lenders  customary procedures for handling confidential information and shall not be disclosed to any officer, director, employee, agent, consultant or contractor of Lender that is involved in any capacity in the research and development, sales, marketing, clinical, manufacturing, intellectual property or medical education divisions of Lender.  
  (b)  Upon receipt of an affidavit of an officer of Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note or any other Financing Document which is not of public record, and, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such Note or other applicable Financing Document, Borrowers will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note or other applicable Financing Document, dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note or other Financing Document in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor.  
  (c)  Upon the formation or acquisition of a new Subsidiary, or at the request of the Lender, Borrowers shall (i) pledge, have pledged or cause or have caused to be pledged to Lender pursuant to a pledge agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, all of the outstanding shares of equity interests or other equity interests of such new Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by any Borrower, along with undated stock or equivalent powers for such certificates, executed in blank; (ii) unless Lender shall agree otherwise in writing, cause such new Subsidiary to take such other actions (including entering into or joining any Security Documents) as are necessary or advisable in the reasonable opinion of Lender in order to grant Lender a first priority Lien on all real and personal property of such Subsidiary in existence as of such date and in all after acquired property, which first priority Liens are required to be granted pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) unless Lender shall agree otherwise in writing, cause such new Subsidiary to either (at the election of Lender) become a Borrower hereunder with joint and several liability for all obligations of Borrowers hereunder and under the other Financing Documents pursuant to a joinder agreement or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender or to become a Guarantor of the obligations of Borrowers hereunder and under the other Financing Documents pursuant to a guaranty and suretyship agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender; and (iv) cause such new Subsidiary to deliver certified copies of such Subsidiary s certificate or articles of incorporation, together with good standing certificates, by-laws (or other operating agreement or governing documents), resolutions of the Board of Directors or other governing body, approving and authorize the execution and delivery of the Security Documents, incumbency certificates and to execute and/or deliver such other documents and legal opinions or to take such other actions as may be requested by Lender, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 
  (d)  [reserved.] 
  (e)  Upon the request of Lender, Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a landlord s agreement or mortgagee agreement, as applicable, from the lessor of each leased property or mortgagee of owned property with respect to any business location where any material portion of the Collateral, or the records relating to such Collateral and/or software and equipment relating to such records or Collateral, is stored or located, which agreement or letter shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Lender.  Borrowers shall timely and fully pay and perform its obligations under all leases and other agreements with respect to each leased location where any Collateral, or any records related thereto, is or may be located. 
  Section 4.12      Power of Attorney  .  Each of the officers of Lender is hereby irrevocably made, constituted and appointed the true and lawful attorney for Borrowers (without requiring any of them to act as such) with full power of substitution to do the following after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default: (a) so long as Lender has provided not less than two (2) Business Days  prior written notice to Borrower to perform the same and Borrower has failed to take such action, execute in the name of Borrowers any schedules, assignments, instruments, documents, and statements that Borrowers are obligated to give Lender under this Agreement; (b) take any action Borrowers are required to take under this Agreement; (c) so long as Lender has provided not less than two (2) Business Days  prior written notice to Borrower to perform the same and Borrower has failed to take such action, do such other and further acts and deeds in the name of Borrowers that Lender may deem necessary or desirable to enforce any Account or other Collateral or perfect Lender s security interest or Lien in any Collateral; and (d) do such other and further acts and deeds in the name of Borrowers that Lender may deem necessary or desirable to enforce its rights with regard to any Collateral.  This power of attorney shall be irrevocable and coupled with an interest. 
  ARTICLE 5 - NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
  Each Borrower agrees that, so long as any Credit Exposure exists: 
  Section 5.1      Debt; Contingent Obligations  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to, any Debt, except for Permitted Debt.  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, assume, incur or suffer to exist any Contingent Obligations, except for Permitted Contingent Obligations. 

Section 5.2      Liens  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except for Permitted Liens. 
  Section 5.3      Restricted Distributions  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, declare, order, pay, make or set apart any sum for any Restricted Distribution, except for Permitted Distributions. 
  Section 5.4      Restrictive Agreements  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly (a) enter into or assume any agreement prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (except as provided by the Financing Documents and the MidCap Facility Agreement), or (b) create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind (except as provided by the Financing Documents and the MidCap Facility Agreement) on the ability of any Subsidiary to: (i) pay or make Restricted Distributions to any Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) pay any Debt owed to any Borrower or any Subsidiary; (iii) make loans or advances to any Borrower or any Subsidiary; or (iv) transfer any of its property or assets to any Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
  Section 5.5      Payments and Modifications of Subordinated Debt  .  Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly (a) declare, pay, make or set aside any amount for payment in respect of Subordinated Debt, except for payments made in full compliance with and expressly permitted under the Subordination Agreement, (b) amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Subordinated Debt, except for amendments or modifications made in full compliance with the Subordination Agreement, (c) declare, pay, make or set aside any amount for payment in respect of any Debt hereinafter incurred that, by its terms, or by separate agreement, is subordinated to the Obligations, except for payments made in full compliance with and expressly permitted under the subordination provisions applicable thereto, or (d) amend or otherwise modify the terms of any such Debt if the effect of such amendment or modification is to (i) increase the interest rate or fees on, or change the manner or timing of payment of, such Debt, (ii) accelerate or shorten the dates upon which payments of principal or interest are due on, or the principal amount of, such Debt, (iii) change in a manner adverse to any Credit Party or Lender any event of default or add or make more restrictive any covenant with respect to such Debt, (iv) change the prepayment provisions of such Debt or any of the defined terms related thereto, (v) change the subordination provisions thereof (or the subordination terms of any guaranty thereof), or (vi) change or amend any other term if such change or amendment would materially increase the obligations of the obligor or confer additional material rights on the holder of such Debt in a manner adverse to Borrower, any Subsidiaries or Lender.  Borrower shall, prior to entering into any such amendment or modification, deliver to Lender reasonably in advance of the execution thereof, any final or execution form copy thereof.   
  Section 5.6      Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets; Change in Control  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly (a) consolidate or merge or amalgamate with or into any Person that is not a Credit Party, or (b) consummate any Asset Dispositions other than Permitted Asset Dispositions and other dispositions approved by Lender.  No Borrower will suffer or permit to occur any Change in Control with respect to itself, any Subsidiary or any Guarantor other than Permitted Transfers with respect to such Persons.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the dissolution, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Alphatec International, LLC shall be permitted; provided, that, any such consolidation, merger or amalgamation shall be with or into any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings. 
  Section 5.7      Purchase of Assets, Investments  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, acquire or own or enter into any agreement to acquire or own any Investment in any Person other than Permitted Investments.  Alphatec International, LLC shall hold no assets other than (i) assets held on the Closing Date (including equity interests of its direct subsidiaries) and (ii) such funds for the payment of expenses and other liabilities as shall be invested in Alphatec International, LLC as permitted hereunder. 
  Section 5.8      Transactions with Affiliates  .  Except as otherwise disclosed on   Schedule 5.8  , and except for (x) transactions that are disclosed to and approved by Lender in advance of being entered into, (y) transactions which contain terms that are no less favorable to the applicable Borrower or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained from a third party not an Affiliate of any Credit Party, or (z) transactions constituting Permitted Intercompany Advances, no Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate of any Borrower 
  Section 5.9      Modification of Organizational Documents  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, amend or otherwise modify any Organizational Documents of such Person, except for Permitted Modifications. 
  Section 5.10      Modification of Certain Agreements  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, amend or otherwise modify any Material Contract, if such amendment or modification could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the rights, interests or privileges of Lender hereunder or its ability to enforce the same. 

Section 5.11      Conduct of Business  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, engage in any line of business other than those businesses engaged in on the Closing Date and described on   Schedule 5.11   and businesses reasonably related thereto. 
  Section 5.12      Lease Payments  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, incur or assume (whether pursuant to a Guarantee or otherwise) any liability for rental payments except in the Ordinary Course of Business. 
  Section 5.13      Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions  .  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into any arrangement with any Person whereby, in a substantially contemporaneous transaction, any Borrower or any Subsidiaries sells or transfers all or substantially all of its right, title and interest in an asset and, in connection therewith, acquires or leases back the right to use such asset. 
  Section 5.14      Compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws  .  Lender hereby notifies Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of Anti-Terrorism Laws, and Lender s policies and practices, Lender is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies Borrowers and its principals, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and its principals and such other information that will allow Lender to identify such party in accordance with Anti-Terrorism Laws.  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, knowingly enter into any Material Contracts with any Blocked Person or any Person listed on the OFAC Lists.  Each Borrower shall immediately notify Lender if such Borrower has knowledge that any Borrower, any additional Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates or agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is or becomes a Blocked Person or (a) is convicted on, (b) pleads nolo contendere to, (c) is indicted on, or (d) is arraigned and held over on charges involving money laundering or predicate crimes to money laundering.  No Borrower will, or will permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, (i) conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any Blocked Person, including, without limitation, the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, any similar executive order or other Anti-Terrorism Law, or (iii) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or other Anti-Terrorism Law. 
  Section 5.15      Orthotec Litigation  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5 or otherwise in this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, Borrowers shall be permitted to make (i) pursuant to that certain Settlement and Release Agreement dated as of August 13, 2014 (the    Orthotec Settlement Agreement   ), by and among the Alphatec Parties, the Healthpoint Parties and the OrthoTec Parties (each as defined therein), Orthotec Settlement Payments each quarter in an aggregate amount not to exceed one million one hundred thousand dollars ($1,100,000) and (ii) pursuant to that certain Forbearance Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016 (the    Forbearance Agreement   ), by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, Healthpoint Capital, LLC, HealthpointCapital Partners, L.P., and HealthpointCapital Partners II, L.P. (collectively,    Healthpoin  t ), a payment or series of payments on or prior to September 30, 2016 to Healthpoint in an aggregate amount not to exceed nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($950,000); provided, however, at the time of each such payment, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) no party to that certain Settlement Agreement or any other settlement agreement, forbearance agreement or other settlement arrangement with respect to the Orthotec, LLC matter, including the Orthotec Litigation (collectively, the  Orthotec Settlement Agreement ) shall have breached or violated any such agreement or arrangement in any material respect, which breach or violation has not been waived or cured, and the Orthotec Settlement Agreement shall be in full force and effect and (iii) such payment shall not be prohibited by or otherwise violate the terms of the MidCap Facility Agreement.  

ARTICLE 6 - FINANCIAL COVENANT 
  Section 6.1      Additional Defined Terms  .   The following additional definitions are hereby appended to Section 1.1 of this Agreement: 
     Defined Period    means, for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, for (a) each of the months ending [***], and (b) each month thereafter, the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding such month.  
      Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    means, for any Defined Period, the ratio of (a) Operating Cash Flow to (b) Fixed Charges. 
     Fixed Charges    has the meaning provided in the Compliance Certificate. 
     Liquidity    means, the sum of (a) unrestricted cash on the balance sheet, plus (b) Revolving Loan Availability.  

Operating Cash Flow    has the meaning provided in the Compliance Certificate. 
  Section 6.2      Liquidity  .  Borrowers will not permit the Liquidity of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a Consolidated Basis, as of the last day of each month ending during the period from the date hereof through and including March 31, 2017, to be less than [***].  
  Section 6.3      Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  .  Borrowers will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any Defined Period commencing on and after the period ending April 30, 2017, as tested monthly, to be less than [***] to 1.00 for each month.    
  Section 6.4      Evidence of Compliance  .  Borrowers shall furnish to Lender, together with the financial reporting required of Borrowers in Section 4.1 hereof, a Compliance Certificate as evidence of Borrowers  compliance with the covenants in this Article and evidence that no Event of Default specified in this Article has occurred.  The Compliance Certificate shall include, without limitation, (a) a statement and report, on a form approved by Lender, detailing Borrowers  calculations, and (b) if requested by Lender, back-up documentation (including, without limitation, invoices, receipts and other evidence of costs incurred during such quarter as Lender shall reasonably require) evidencing the propriety of the calculations.   
   
  ARTICLE 7 - CONDITIONS 
  Section 7.1      Conditions to Closing  .  The obligation of Lender to make the initial Term Loans on the Closing Date shall be subject to the receipt by Lender of each agreement, document and instrument set forth on   Schedule 7.1  , each in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, and such other closing deliverables reasonably requested by Lender, and to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, each to the satisfaction of Lender and its counsel in its sole discretion: 
  (a)  the payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable under each Financing Document; and 
  (b)  the OUS Disposition shall be consummated substantially contemporaneously with the funding of the Loans hereunder. 
  Section 7.2      Conditions to Each Loan  .  The obligation of Lender to make a Loan or an advance in respect of any Loan, is subject to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions: 
  (a)  receipt by Lender of a Notice of Borrowing; 
  (b)  the fact that, immediately before and after such advance or issuance, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;  
  (c)  the fact that the representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in the Financing Documents shall be true, correct and complete on and as of the date of such borrowing or issuance, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific date in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date;  
  (d)  the fact that no change in the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, business, prospects, or operations of Borrowers or any other Credit Party shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to Borrowers or any Credit Party since the date of this Agreement that has or could reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
  (e)  the fact that, immediately before and after such advance or issuance, no default or event of default under the Supply Agreement by any Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrowers shall have occurred and be continuing. 
  Each giving of a Notice of Borrowing hereunder and each acceptance by any Borrower of the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder shall be deemed to be (y) a representation and warranty by each Borrower on the date of such notice or acceptance as to the facts specified in this Section, and (z) a restatement by each Borrower that each and every one of the representations made by it in any of the Financing Documents is true and correct as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an earlier date). 
  Section 7.3      Searches.  Before the Closing Date, and thereafter (as and when determined by Lender in its discretion), Lender shall have the right to perform, all at Borrowers  expense, the searches described in clauses (a), (b), and (c) below against Borrowers and any other Credit Party, the results of which are to be consistent with Borrowers  representations and warranties under this Agreement and the satisfactory results of which shall be a condition precedent to all advances of Loan proceeds:  (a) UCC searches with the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Person is organized; (b) judgment, pending litigation,  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

federal tax lien, personal property tax lien, and corporate and partnership tax lien searches, in each jurisdiction searched under clause (a) above; and (c) searches of applicable corporate, limited liability company, partnership and related records to confirm the continued existence, organization and good standing of the applicable Person and the exact legal name under which such Person is organized. 
  Section 7.4      Post-Closing Requirements  .  Borrowers shall complete each of the post-closing obligations and/or provide to Lender each of the documents, instruments, agreements and information listed on   Schedule 7.4   attached hereto on or before the date set forth for each such item thereon, each of which shall be completed or provided in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 
  ARTICLE 8 - REGULATORY MATTERS 
  Section 8.1      Healthcare Permits  .    
  (a)  Each Credit Party (i) has each Healthcare Permit and other rights from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all applicable Governmental Authorities, all self-regulatory authorities and all courts and other tribunals necessary to engage in the ownership, management and operation of the businesses of such Credit Party, and (ii) has no knowledge that any Governmental Authority is considering limiting, suspending or revoking any such Healthcare Permit.  All such Healthcare Permits are valid and in full force and effect and Credit Parties are in material compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Healthcare Permits, except where failure to be in such compliance or for a Healthcare Permit to be valid and in full force and effect would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  (b)  Each Credit Party will timely file or caused to be timely filed (after giving effect to any extension duly obtained), all notifications, reports, submissions, Permit renewals and reports of every kind whatsoever required by applicable Laws (which reports will be materially accurate and complete in all respects and not misleading in any respect). 
  (c)  Each Credit Party will maintain in full force and effect, and free from restrictions, probations, conditions or known conflicts which would materially impair the use or operation of any Credit Party, all Healthcare Permits necessary under Healthcare Laws to carry on the business of Borrowers as it is conducted on the Closing Date. 
  Section 8.2      FDA Regulatory Matters  . 
  (a)  Each Credit Party has all Permits issued or allowed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (   FDA   ) or any comparable governmental authority (including but not limited to new drug applications, abbreviated new drug applications, biologics license applications, investigational new drug applications, over-the-counter drug monograph, device pre-market approval applications, device pre-market notifications, investigational device exemptions, product recertifications, manufacturing approvals and authorizations, CE Marks, pricing and reimbursement approvals, labeling approvals or their foreign equivalent, controlled substance registrations, and wholesale distributor permits (hereinafter  Permits ) that are required to conduct its business as currently conducted, or as proposed to be conducted.  To the knowledge of Borrowers, neither the FDA nor any comparable governmental authority is considering limiting, suspending, or revoking such Permits or changing the marketing classification or labeling or other significant parameter affecting the products of a Credit Party.  To the knowledge of Borrowers, there is no false or misleading information or significant omission in any product application or other submission to the FDA or any comparable governmental authority.  Each Credit Party has fulfilled and performed their obligations under each Permit, and no event has occurred or condition or state of facts exists which would constitute a breach or default under, or would cause revocation or termination of, any such Permit.  To the knowledge of Borrowers, any third party that is a manufacturer or contractor for a Credit Party is in compliance with all Permits required by the FDA or comparable governmental authority and all Public Health Laws insofar as they reasonably pertain to the manufacture of product components or products regulated as medical devices and marketed or distributed by a Credit Party.   
  (b)  All products designed, developed, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, tested, labeled, distributed or marketed by or on behalf of each Credit Party that are subject to the jurisdiction of the FDA or a comparable governmental authority have been and are being designed, developed, tested, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, distributed, labeled  and marketed in compliance with the Healthcare Laws and all other applicable Laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations (each a    Requirement of Law   ), including, without limitation, clinical and non-clinical evaluation, product approval or clearance, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising and promotion, record-keeping, establishment registration and device listing,  reporting of recalls, and adverse event reporting, and have been and are being tested, investigated, designed, developed, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, labeled, distributed, marketed, and sold in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law.  
  (c)  Each Credit Party is not subject to any obligation arising under an administrative or regulatory action,  

proceeding, or inspection by a governmental authority, including the FDA, warning letter, notice of violation letter, consent decree, request for information or other notice, response or commitment made to or with the FDA or any comparable governmental authority.  There is no act, omission, event, or circumstance of which Borrowers have knowledge that would reasonably be expected to give rise to or lead to any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, hearing, investigation, demand letter, warning letter, proceeding or request for information pending against Borrowers and, to Borrowers  knowledge, Borrowers have no liability (whether actual or contingent) for failure to comply with any Public Health Laws.  There has not been any violation of any Public Health Laws by Borrowers in their product development efforts, submissions, record keeping and reports to the FDA or any other comparable governmental authority that could reasonably be expected to require or lead to investigation, corrective action or enforcement, regulatory or administrative action that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of Borrowers, there are no civil or criminal proceedings relating to Borrowers or any officer, director or employee of Borrowers that involve a matter within or related to the FDA s any other comparable governmental authority s jurisdiction. 
  (d)  As of the Closing Date, Borrowers are not undergoing any inspection related to any activities or products of the Borrowers that are subject to Healthcare Laws, or any other governmental authority investigation.   
  (e)  During the period of six calendar years immediately preceding the Closing Date, Borrowers have not introduced into commercial distribution any products manufactured by or on behalf of Borrowers or distributed any products on behalf of another manufacturer that were upon their shipment by Borrowers adulterated or misbranded in violation of 21 U.S.C.   331. Borrowers have not received any notice or communication from the FDA or comparable governmental authority alleging material noncompliance with any Requirement of Law. No product has been seized, withdrawn, recalled, detained, or subject to a suspension (other than in the Ordinary Course of Business) of research, manufacturing, distribution or commercialization activity, and there are no facts or circumstances reasonably likely to cause (i) the seizure, denial, withdrawal, recall, detention, public health notification, safety alert or suspension of manufacturing or other activity relating to any product; (ii) a change in the labeling of any product suggesting a compliance issue or risk; or (iii) a termination, seizure or suspension of manufacturing, researching, distributing or marketing of any product.  No proceedings in the United States or any other jurisdiction seeking the withdrawal, recall, revocation, suspension, import detention, or seizure of any product are pending or threatened against Borrower. 
  (f)  Neither Borrowers     nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or contractors (i) have been excluded or debarred from any federal healthcare program (including without limitation Medicare or Medicaid) or any other federal program or (ii) have received notice from the FDA or any other comparable governmental authority with respect to debarment or disqualification of any person that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents or contractors have been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for which (x) debarment is mandated or permitted by 21 U.S.C.   335a or (y) such person or entity could be excluded from participating in the federal health care programs under Section 1128 of the Social Security Act or any similar law.  No officer and to the knowledge of Borrower, no employee or agent of a Borrower, has (aa) made any untrue statement of material fact or fraudulent statement to the FDA or any other comparable governmental authority; (bb) failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other comparable governmental authority; or (cc) committed an act, made a statement, or failed to make a statement that would reasonably be expected to provide the basis for the FDA or any other comparable governmental authority to invoke its policy respecting  Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities,  as set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991). 
  (g)  Borrowers have not granted rights to design, develop, manufacture, produce, assemble, distribute, license, prepare, package, label, market or sell its products to any other person nor is it bound by any agreement that affects Borrowers  exclusive right to design, develop, manufacture, produce, assemble, distribute, license, prepare, package, label, market or sell its products. 
  (h)  Except as set forth on   Schedule 8.2(h)  , (i) Borrowers and their respective contract manufacturers are, and have been for the past six calendar years, in compliance with, and each of its products in current commercial distribution is designed, manufactured, prepared, assembled, packaged, labeled, stored, installed, serviced, and processed in compliance with, the Quality System Regulation set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 820, or comparable quality management system, including, but not limited to, ISO 13485, as applicable, (ii) Borrowers are in compliance with the written procedures, record-keeping and reporting requirements required by the FDA or any comparable governmental authority pertaining to the reporting of adverse events and recalls involving any of Borrowers  products, including, as the case may be, Medical Device Reporting set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 803 and Reports of Corrections and Removals set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 806, (iii) Borrowers  products are and have been labeled, promoted, and advertised in accordance with their Permit or within the scope of an exemption from obtaining such Permit, and (iv) Borrowers  establishments are registered with the FDA, as applicable, and each product of Borrowers, if any, is listed with the FDA under the applicable FDA registration and listing regulations for medical devices. 

ARTICLE 9 - SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  Section 9.1      Generally  .    
  (a)  As security for the payment and performance of the Obligations, and for the payment and performance of all obligations under the Affiliated Financing Documents (if any), and without limiting any other grant of a Lien and security interest in any Security Document, each Credit Party hereby assigns and grants to Lender, for its benefit, subject to the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement, a continuing first priority Lien on and security interest in, upon, and to the personal property set forth on   Schedule 9.1   attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
  (b)  Each Credit Party hereby authorizes Lender to file without the signature of such Credit Party one or more UCC financing statements (or, with respect to any Credit Party organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or any jurisdiction thereof, the local equivalent, if any) relating to liens on personal property relating to all or any part of the Collateral, which financing statements may list Lender as the  secured party  and such Credit Party as the  debtor  and which describe and indicate the collateral covered thereby as all or any part of the Collateral under the Financing Documents (including an indication of the collateral covered by any such financing statement as  all assets  of such Credit Party now owned or hereafter acquired), in such jurisdictions as Lender from time to time determines are appropriate, and to file without the signature of such Credit Party any continuations of or corrective amendments to any such financing statements, in any such case in order for Lender to perfect, preserve or protect the Liens, rights and remedies of Lender with respect to the Collateral.  Each Credit Party also ratifies its authorization for Lender to have filed in any jurisdiction any initial financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to the date hereof. 
  Section 9.2      Representations and Warranties and Covenants Relating to Collateral  . 
  (a)  Schedule 9.2   sets forth (i) each chief executive office and principal place of business of each Credit Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries, and (ii) all of the addresses (including all warehouses) at which any of the Collateral is located and/or books and records of any Credit Party regarding any of the Collateral are kept, which such   Schedule 9.2   indicates in each case which Credit Party or Credit Parties have Collateral and/or books and records located at such address, and, in the case of any such address not owned by one or more of the Credit Parties, indicates the nature of such location (e.g., leased business location operated by such Credit Party, third party warehouse, consignment location, processor location, etc.) and the name and address of the third party owning and/or operating such location. 
  (b)  Without limiting the generality of Section 3.2, except as indicated on   Schedule 3.19   with respect to any rights of any Credit Party as a licensee under any license of Intellectual Property owned by another Person, and except for the filing of financing statements under the UCC, as applicable, no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or consent of any other Person is required for (i) the grant by each Credit Party to Lender of the security interests and Liens in the Collateral provided for under this Agreement and the other Security Documents (if any), or (ii) the exercise by Lender of its rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral provided for under this Agreement and the other Security Documents or under any applicable Law, including the UCC, if applicable, and neither any such grant of Liens in favor of Lender or exercise of rights by Lender shall violate or cause a default under any agreement between any Credit Party and any other Person relating to any such collateral, including any license to which a Credit Party is a party, whether as licensor or licensee, with respect to any Intellectual Property, whether owned by such Credit Party or any other Person. 
  (c)  As of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has any ownership interest in any Chattel Paper (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC), letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, Instruments, documents or investment property (other than equity interests in any Subsidiaries of such Credit Party disclosed on   Schedule 3.4  ) and the Credit Parties shall give notice to Lender promptly upon the acquisition by any Credit Party of any such Chattel Paper, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, Instruments, documents, investment property.  No Person other than Lender or MidCap has  control  (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC) over any Deposit Account, investment property (including Securities Accounts and commodities account), letter of credit rights or electronic chattel paper in which any Credit Party has any interest (except for such control arising by operation of law in favor of any bank or securities intermediary or commodities intermediary with whom any Deposit Account, Securities Account or commodities account of Borrowers is maintained). 
  (d)  No Credit Party shall take any of the following actions or make any of the following changes unless the Credit Parties have given at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender of Credit Parties  intention to take any such action (which such written notice shall include an updated version of any Schedule impacted by such change) and have executed any and all documents, instruments and agreements and taken any other actions which Lender may request after receiving such written notice in order to protect and preserve the Liens, rights and remedies of Lender with respect to the Collateral: (i) change the legal name or organizational identification number of any Credit Party as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) change the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of any Credit Party or allow any Credit Party to designate any jurisdiction as an additional jurisdiction of incorporation for such Credit Party, or change the type of entity that it is, or  

(iii) change its chief executive office, principal place of business, or the location of its records concerning the Collateral or move any Collateral to or place any Collateral on any location that is not then listed on the Schedules (other than any movement of Collateral in the Ordinary Course of Business) and/or establish any business location at any location that is not then listed on the Schedules. 
  (e)  [Reserved]. 
  (f)  Except (i) in the Ordinary Course of Business and (ii) Inventory in an aggregate amount of $25,000, no Inventory or other Collateral shall at any time be in the possession or control of any warehouse, consignee, bailee or any of Credit Parties  agents or processors without prior written notice to Lender and the receipt by Lender, if Lender has so requested, of warehouse receipts, consignment agreements or bailee lien waivers (as applicable) reasonably satisfactory to Lender prior to the commencement of such possession or control.  The Credit Parties have notified Lender that Inventory is currently located at the locations set forth on   Schedule 9.2  .  The Credit Parties shall, upon the request of Lender, notify any such warehouse, consignee, bailee, agent or processor of the security interests and Liens in favor of Lender created pursuant to this Agreement and the Security Documents, instruct such Person to hold all such Collateral for Lender s account subject to Lender s instructions and shall obtain an acknowledgement from such Person that such Person holds the Collateral for Lender s benefit. 
  (g)  The Credit Parties shall cause all equipment and other tangible Personal Property other than Inventory to be maintained and preserved in the same condition, repair and in working order as when new, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and shall promptly make or cause to be made all repairs, replacements and other improvements in connection therewith that are necessary or desirable to such end.  Upon request of Lender, the Credit Parties shall promptly deliver to Lender any and all certificates of title, applications for title or similar evidence of ownership of all such tangible Personal Property and shall cause Lender to be named as lienholder on any such certificate of title or other evidence of ownership.  The Credit Parties shall not permit any such tangible Personal Property to become fixtures to real estate unless such real estate is subject to a Lien in favor of Lender. 
  (h)  As of the Closing Date or, if any Promissory Note is entered into after the Closing Date, within thirty (30) days of the date of such Promissory Note, each Credit Party shall endorse, assign and deliver each Promissory Note to the Lender, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender.  No Credit Party shall, without the prior written consent of Lender, (A) waive or release any obligation of any person that is obligated under any Promissory Note, (B) take or omit to take any action or knowingly suffer or permit any action to be omitted or taken, the taking or omission of which would result in any right of offset against sums payable under the Promissory Notes, or (C)  assign or surrender its rights and interests under any Promissory Notes or terminate, cancel, modify, change, supplement or amend the Promissory Notes. 
  (i)  The Credit Parties shall furnish to Lender from time to time any statements and schedules further identifying or describing the Collateral and any other information, reports or evidence concerning the Collateral as Lender may reasonably request from time to time. 
   
  ARTICLE 10 - EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
  Section 10.1      Events of Default  .  For purposes of the Financing Documents, the occurrence of any of the following conditions and/or events, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 
  (a)  (i) any Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, premium or fee under any Financing Document or any other amount payable under any Financing Document and such failure continues for a period of five (5) days, (ii) there shall occur any default in the performance of or compliance with any of the following sections of this Agreement:  Section 4.4(c), Article 5 and Article 6 and Section 7.4, or (iii) there shall occur any default in the performance of or compliance with Section 4.1 of this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of five (5) days; 
  (b)  any Credit Party defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained in this Agreement or in any other Financing Document (other than occurrences described in other provisions of this Section 10.1 for which a different grace or cure period is specified or for which no grace or cure period is specified and thereby constitute immediate Events of Default) and such default is not remedied by the Credit Party or waived by Lender within fifteen (15) days after the earlier of (i) receipt by Borrower Representative of notice from Lender of such default, or (ii) actual knowledge of any Borrower or any other Credit Party of such default; 
  (c)  any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by any Credit Party or any other Person in any Financing Document or in any certificate, financial statement or other document delivered pursuant to any Financing  

Document is incorrect in any respect (or in any material respect if such representation, warranty, certification or statement is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) when made (or deemed made); 
  (d)  (i) failure of any Credit Party to pay when due or within any applicable grace period any principal, interest or other amount on Debt  (other than the Term Loans), or the occurrence of any breach, default, condition or event with respect to any Debt (other than the Term Loans), if the effect of such failure or occurrence is to cause or to permit the holder or holders of any such Debt, to cause, Debt or other liabilities having an individual principal amount in excess of $500,000 or having an aggregate principal amount in excess of $500,000 to become or be declared due prior to its stated maturity, or (ii) the occurrence of any breach or default under any terms or provisions of any Subordinated Debt Document or under any agreement subordinating the Subordinated Debt to all or any portion of the Obligations or the occurrence of any event requiring the prepayment of any Subordinated Debt; 
  (e)  any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Borrower shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; 
  (f)  an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Borrower seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) days; or an order for relief shall be entered against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of a Borrower under applicable federal bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law in respect of (i) bankruptcy, liquidation, winding-up, dissolution or suspension of general operations, (ii) composition, rescheduling, reorganization, arrangement or readjustment of, or other relief from, or stay of proceedings to enforce, some or all of the debts or obligations, or (iii) possession, foreclosure, seizure or retention, sale or other disposition of, or other proceedings to enforce security over, all or any substantial part of the assets of such Credit Party or Subsidiary; 
  (g)  (i) institution of any steps by any Person to terminate a Pension Plan if as a result of such termination any Credit Party or any member of the Controlled Group could be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or could incur a liability or obligation to such Pension Plan, in excess of $250,000, (ii) a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA, or (iii) there shall occur any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan and the withdrawal liability (without unaccrued interest) to Multiemployer Plans as a result of such withdrawal (including any outstanding withdrawal liability that any Credit Party or any member of the Controlled Group have incurred on the date of such withdrawal) exceeds $100,000;     
  (h)  one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money (not paid or fully covered by insurance maintained in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and as to which the relevant insurance company has acknowledged coverage) aggregating in excess of $[***] shall be rendered against any or all Credit Parties and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgments or orders, or (ii) there shall be any period of twenty (20) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of any such judgments or orders, by reason of a pending appeal, bond or otherwise, shall not be in effect; 
  (i)  any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall at any time fail to constitute a valid and perfected Lien on all of the Collateral purported to be encumbered thereby, subject to no prior or equal Lien except Permitted Liens, or any Credit Party shall so assert; 
  (j)  the indictment of any Credit Party for a felony or any claim of fraud, misrepresentation or other crime of moral turpitude; 
  (k)  a default or event of default occurs under any Guarantee of any portion of the Obligations;  
  (l)  any Borrower makes any payment on account of any Debt that has been subordinated to any of the Obligations, other than payments specifically permitted by the terms of a Subordination Agreement; 
  (m)  if any Borrower is or becomes an entity whose equity is registered with the SEC, and/or is publicly traded on and/or registered with a public securities exchange, such Borrower s equity fails to remain registered with the SEC in good standing, and/or such equity fails to remain publicly traded on and registered with a public securities exchange;  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

(n)  [  reserved  ]  ; or 
  (o)  there shall occur any default or event of default under the Affiliated Financing Documents or any Material Contract which results in a liability to any Borrower in excess of $[***]. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Credit Party fails to comply with any same provision of this Agreement two (2) times in any twelve (12) month period and Lender has given to Borrower Representative in connection with each such failure any notice to which Borrowers would be entitled under this Section before such failure could become an Event of Default, then all subsequent failures by a Credit Party to comply with such provision of this Agreement shall effect an immediate Event of Default (without the expiration of any applicable cure period) with respect to all subsequent failures by a Credit Party to comply with such provision of this Agreement, and Lender thereupon may exercise any remedy set forth in this Article 10 without affording Borrowers any opportunity to cure such Event of Default. 
  All cure periods provided for in this Section 10.1 shall run concurrently with any cure period provided for in any applicable Financing Documents under which the default occurred. 
   
  Section 10.2      Acceleration and Suspension or Termination of Term Loan Commitment  .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, (a) by notice to Borrower Representative suspend or terminate the Term Loan Commitment and the obligations of Lender with respect thereto, in whole or in part, and/or (b) by notice to Borrower Representative declare all or any portion of the Obligations to be, and the Obligations shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable, with accrued interest thereon, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Borrower and Borrowers will pay the same; provided, however, that in the case of any of the Events of Default specified in Section 10.1(e) or 10.1(f) above, without any notice to any Borrower or any other act by Lender, the Term Loan Commitment and the obligations of Lender with respect thereto shall thereupon immediately and automatically terminate and all of the Obligations shall become immediately and automatically due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Borrower and Borrowers will pay the same. 
  Section 10.3      UCC Remedies  . 
  (a)  Upon the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default under this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, Lender, in addition to all other rights, options, and remedies granted to Lender under this Agreement or at law or in equity, may exercise, subject to the MidCap Intercreditor Agreement, either directly or through one or more assignees or designees, all rights and remedies granted to it under all Financing Documents and under the UCC in effect in the applicable jurisdiction(s) and under any other applicable law; including, without limitation: 
  (i)  the right to take possession of, send notices regarding, and collect directly the Collateral, with or without judicial process; 
  (ii)  the right to (by its own means or with judicial assistance) enter any of Borrowers  premises and take possession of the Collateral, or render it unusable, or to render it usable or saleable, or dispose of the Collateral on such premises in compliance with subsection (iii) below and to take possession of Borrowers  original books and records, to obtain access to Borrowers  data processing equipment, computer hardware and software relating to the Collateral and to use all of the foregoing and the information contained therein in any manner Lender deems appropriate, without any liability for rent, storage, utilities, or other sums, and Borrowers shall not resist or interfere with such action (if Borrowers  books and records are prepared or maintained by an accounting service, contractor or other third party agent, Borrowers hereby irrevocably authorize such service, contractor or other agent, upon notice by Lender to such Person that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to deliver to Lender or its designees such books and records, and to follow Lender s instructions with respect to further services to be rendered); 
  (iii)  the right to require Borrowers at Borrowers  expense to assemble all or any part of the Collateral and make it available to Lender at any place designated by Lender; and/or 
  (iv)  the right to notify postal authorities to change the address for delivery of Borrowers  mail to an address designated by Lender and to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to any Borrower. 
  (b)  Each Borrower agrees that a notice received by it at least ten (10) days before the time of any intended public sale, or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of the Collateral is to be made, shall be deemed to be reasonable notice of such sale or other disposition.  If permitted by applicable law, any perishable Collateral which threatens to speedily decline in value or which is sold on a recognized market may be sold immediately by Lender without prior notice to Borrowers.  At any sale or disposition of Collateral, Lender may (to the extent permitted by applicable law) purchase all or any part of the Collateral, free from any right of redemption by Borrowers, which right is hereby waived and released.  Each Borrower  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

covenants and agrees not to interfere with or impose any obstacle to Lender s exercise of its rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral.  Lender shall have no obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale.  Lender may comply with any applicable state or federal law requirements in connection with a disposition of the Collateral and compliance will not be considered to adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral.  Lender may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties as to the Collateral.  Lender may specifically disclaim any warranties of title or the like.  This procedure will not be considered to adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral.  If Lender sells any of the Collateral upon credit, Borrowers will be credited only with payments actually made by the purchaser, received by Lender and applied to the indebtedness of the purchaser.  In the event the purchaser fails to pay for the Collateral, Lender may resell the Collateral and Borrowers shall be credited with the proceeds of the sale. Borrowers shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all Obligations. 
  (c)  Without restricting the generality of the foregoing and for the purposes aforesaid, each Borrower hereby appoints and constitutes Lender its lawful attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution in the Collateral, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to (i) use unadvanced funds remaining under this Agreement or which may be reserved, escrowed or set aside for any purposes hereunder at any time, or to advance funds in excess of the face amount of the Note, (ii) pay, settle or compromise all existing bills and claims, which may be Liens or security interests, or to avoid such bills and claims becoming Liens against the Collateral, (iii) execute all applications and certificates in the name of such Borrower and to prosecute and defend all actions or proceedings in connection with the Collateral, and (iv) do any and every act which such Borrower might do in its own behalf; it being understood and agreed that this power of attorney in this subsection (c) shall be a power coupled with an interest and cannot be revoked. 
  (d)  Lender is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, Borrowers  labels, mask works, rights of use of any name, any other Intellectual Property and advertising matter, and any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Lender s exercise of its rights under this Article, Borrowers  rights under all licenses (whether as licensor or licensee) and all franchise agreements inure to Lender s benefit.  
  Section 10.4      [Reserved]. 
  Section 10.5      Default Rate of Interest  .  At the election of Lender, after the occurrence of an Event of Default and for so long as it continues, the Term Loans and other Obligations shall bear interest at rates that are five percent (5.0%) per annum in excess of the rates otherwise payable under this Agreement. 
  Section 10.6      Setoff Rights  .  During the continuance of any Event of Default, Lender is hereby authorized by each Borrower at any time or from time to time, with reasonably prompt subsequent notice to such Borrower (any prior or contemporaneous notice being hereby expressly waived) to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all (a) balances held by Lender (or by any Subsidiary of Lender, solely with respect to balances held by such entity pursuant to the Supply Agreement) at any of its offices for the account of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (regardless of whether such balances are then due to such Borrower or its Subsidiaries), and (b) other property or amounts at any time held or owing by Lender (or by any Subsidiary of Lender, solely with respect to property or amounts at any time held or owing to such entity pursuant to the Supply Agreement) to or for the credit or for the account of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, against and on account of any of the Obligations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender shall not set off any balances, property or other amounts held or owing by Lender or any Subsidiary of Lender to or for the credit or for the account of any Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries under or with respect to the Supply Agreement following the occurrence of an Acceleration Event unless an Event of Default under Section 10.1(a)(i) gave rise to such Acceleration Event (a    Payment Acceleration Event   ) (it being understood that no Event of Default arising after an Acceleration Event that is not a Payment Acceleration Event (including any Event of Default arising under Section 10.1(a)(i)) shall permit Lender to set off such balances, property or other amounts against the Supply Agreement).   Each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that Lender may exercise its right to set off with respect to the Obligations as provided in this Section 10.6 and Lender hereby agrees that its setoff rights are hereby waived to the extent set forth in this Section 10.6. 
  Section 10.7      Application of Proceeds  .   
  (a)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Borrower irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any and all payments at any time or times thereafter received by Lender from or on behalf of such Borrower or any Guarantor of all or any part of the Obligations, and, as between Borrowers on the one hand and Lender on the other, Lender shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and to reapply any and all payments received against the Obligations in such manner as Lender may deem advisable notwithstanding any previous application by Lender. 

(b)  Following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, but absent the occurrence and continuance of an Acceleration Event, Lender shall apply any and all payments received by Lender in respect of the Obligations, and any and all proceeds of Collateral received by Lender, in such order as Lender may from time to time elect. 
  (c)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if an Acceleration Event shall have occurred, and so long as it continues, Lender shall apply any and all payments received by Lender in respect of the Obligations, and any and all proceeds of Collateral received by Lender, in the following order:    first  , to all fees, costs, indemnities, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred by or owing to Lender with respect to this Agreement, the other Financing Documents or the Collateral;   second  , to accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations (including any interest which, but for the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such amounts);   third  , to the principal amount of the Obligations outstanding; and   fourth   to any other indebtedness or obligations of Borrowers owing to Lender under the Financing Documents.  Any balance remaining shall be delivered to Borrowers or to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive such balance or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.  In carrying out the foregoing and (y) amounts received shall be applied in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to the application to the next succeeding category. 
  Section 10.8      Waivers  . 
  (a)  Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Borrower waives:  (i) presentment, demand and protest, and notice of presentment, dishonor, intent to accelerate, acceleration, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all Financing Documents, the Note or any other notes, commercial paper, accounts, contracts, documents, Instruments, Chattel Paper and Guarantees at any time held by Lenders on which any Borrower may in any way be liable, and hereby ratifies and confirms whatever Lenders may do in this regard; (ii) all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Lender s taking possession or control of, or to Lender s replevy, attachment or levy upon, any Collateral or any bond or security which might be required by any court prior to allowing Lender to exercise any of its remedies; and (iii) the benefit of all valuation, appraisal and exemption Laws.  Each Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel of its choices and decisions with respect to this Agreement, the other Financing Documents and the transactions evidenced hereby and thereby. 
  (b)  Each Borrower for itself and all its successors and assigns, (i) agrees that its liability shall not be in any manner affected by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver, or modification granted or consented to by Lender; (ii) consents to any indulgences and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Lender with respect to the payment or other provisions of the Financing Documents, and to any substitution, exchange or release of the Collateral, or any part thereof, with or without substitution, and agrees to the addition or release of any Borrower, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties, or whether primarily or secondarily liable, without notice to any other Borrower and without affecting its liability hereunder; (iii) agrees that its liability shall be unconditional and without regard to the liability of any other Borrower or Lender for any tax on the indebtedness; and (iv) to the fullest extent permitted by law, expressly waives the benefit of any statute or rule of law or equity now provided, or which may hereafter be provided, which would produce a result contrary to or in conflict with the foregoing. 
  (c)  To the extent that Lender may have acquiesced in any noncompliance with any requirements or conditions precedent to the closing of the Term Loans or to any subsequent disbursement of Loan proceeds, such acquiescence shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver by Lender of such requirements with respect to any future disbursements of Loan proceeds and Lender may at any time after such acquiescence require Borrowers to comply with all such requirements.  Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy under any of the Financing Documents, or otherwise afforded by applicable law, including any failure to accelerate the maturity date of the Term Loans, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy nor shall it serve as a novation of the Note or as a reinstatement of the Term Loans or a waiver of such right of acceleration or the right to insist upon strict compliance of the terms of the Financing Documents.  Lender s acceptance of payment of any sum secured by any of the Financing Documents after the due date of such payment shall not be a waiver of Lender s right to either require prompt payment when due of all other sums so secured or to declare a default for failure to make prompt payment.  The procurement of insurance or the payment of taxes or other Liens or charges by Lender as the result of an Event of Default shall not be a waiver of Lender s right to accelerate the maturity of the Term Loans, nor shall Lender s receipt of any condemnation awards, insurance proceeds, or damages under this Agreement operate to cure or waive any Credit Party s default in payment of sums secured by any of the Financing Documents. 
  (d)  Without limiting the generality of anything contained in this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, each Borrower agrees that if an Event of Default is continuing (i) Lender shall not be subject to any  one action  or  election of remedies  law or rule, and (ii) all Liens and other rights, remedies or privileges provided to Lender shall remain in full force and effect until Lender has exhausted all remedies against the Collateral and any other properties owned by Borrowers and the Financing Documents and other security instruments or agreements securing the Term Loans have been foreclosed, sold and/or otherwise realized upon in satisfaction of Borrowers  obligations under the Financing Documents. 

(e)  Nothing contained herein or in any other Financing Document shall be construed as requiring Lender to resort to any part of the Collateral for the satisfaction of any of Borrowers  obligations under the Financing Documents in preference or priority to any other Collateral, and Lender may seek satisfaction out of all of the Collateral or any part thereof, in its absolute discretion in respect of Borrowers  obligations under the Financing Documents.  In addition, Lender shall have the right from time to time to partially foreclose upon any Collateral in any manner and for any amounts secured by the Financing Documents then due and payable as determined by Lender in its sole discretion, including, without limitation, the following circumstances:  (i) in the event any Borrower defaults beyond any applicable grace period in the payment of one or more scheduled payments of principal and/or interest, Lender may foreclose upon all or any part of the Collateral to recover such delinquent payments, or (ii) in the event Lender elects to accelerate less than the entire outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans, Lender may foreclose all or any part of the Collateral to recover so much of the principal balance of the Term Loans as Lender may accelerate and such other sums secured by one or more of the Financing Documents as Lender may elect.  Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, any unforeclosed Collateral shall remain subject to the Financing Documents to secure payment of sums secured by the Financing Documents and not previously recovered. 
  (f)  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives in the event of foreclosure of any or all of the Collateral any equitable right otherwise available to any Credit Party which would require the separate sale of any of the Collateral or require Lender to exhaust its remedies against any part of the Collateral before proceeding against any other part of the Collateral; and further in the event of such foreclosure each Borrower does hereby expressly consent to and authorize, at the option of Lender, the foreclosure and sale either separately or together of each part of the Collateral. 
  Section 10.9      Injunctive Relief  .  The parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any Credit Party s obligations under any Financing Documents, Lender may have no adequate remedy in money damages and, accordingly, shall be entitled to an injunction (including, without limitation, a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, writ of attachment, or order compelling an audit) against such breach or threatened breach, including, without limitation, maintaining any cash management and collection procedure described herein.  However, no specification in this Agreement of a specific legal or equitable remedy shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition against any other legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of this Agreement.  Each Credit Party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the requirement of the posting of any bond in connection with such injunctive relief.  By joining in the Financing Documents as a Credit Party, each Credit Party specifically joins in this Section as if this Section were a part of each Financing Document executed by such Credit Party. 
  Section 10.10      Marshalling; Payments Set Aside  .  Lender shall not be under any obligation to marshal any assets in payment of any or all of the Obligations.  To the extent that Borrower makes any payment or Lender enforces its Liens or Lender exercises its right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such enforcement or set-off is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, or required to be repaid by anyone, then to the extent of such recovery, the Obligations or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefore, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or set-off had not occurred. 
  ARTICLE 11 - [RESERVED] 
  ARTICLE 12 - MISCELLANEOUS 
  Section 12.1      Survival  .  All agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in every other Financing Document shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents and the other Operative Documents.  The provisions of Section 2.9 and Articles 11 and 12 shall survive the payment of the Obligations and any termination of this Agreement and any judgment with respect to any Obligations, including any final foreclosure judgment with respect to any Security Document, and no unpaid or unperformed, current or future, Obligations will merge into any such judgment. 
  Section 12.2      No Waivers  .  No failure or delay by Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege under any Financing Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  The rights and remedies herein and therein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.  Any reference in any Financing Document to the  continuing  nature of any Event of Default shall not be construed as establishing or otherwise indicating that any Borrower or any other Credit Party has the independent right to cure any such Event of Default, but is rather presented merely for convenience should such Event of Default be waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable Financing Documents. 
  Section 12.3      Notices  . 

(a)  All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including prepaid overnight courier, facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party at its address, facsimile number or e-mail address set forth on the signature pages hereof or at such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to Lender and Borrower Representative;   provided  ,   however  , that notices, requests or other communications shall be permitted by electronic means only in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.3(b) and (c).  Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile, when such notice is transmitted to the facsimile number specified by this Section and the sender receives a confirmation of transmission from the sending facsimile machine, or (ii) if given by mail, prepaid overnight courier or any other means, when received or when receipt is refused at the applicable address specified by this Section 12.3(a). 
  (b)  Notices and other communications to the parties hereto may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved from time to time by Lender.  Lender or Borrower Representative may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to them hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it,   provided  ,   however  , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
  (c)  Unless Lender otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor,   provided  ,   however  , that if any such notice or other communication is not sent or posted during normal business hours, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day. 
  Section 12.4      Severability  .  In case any provision of or obligation under this Agreement or any other Financing Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  Section 12.5      Headings  .  Headings and captions used in the Financing Documents (including the Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes hereto and thereto) are included for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect. 
  Section 12.6      Confidentiality  .   
  (a)  Each Credit Party agrees (i) not to transmit or disclose provisions of any Financing Document to any Person (other than to Borrowers  advisors and officers on a need-to-know basis or as otherwise may be required by Law) without Lender s prior written consent, (ii) to inform all Persons of the confidential nature of the Financing Documents and (iii) to direct them not to disclose the same to any other Person and to require each of them to be bound by these provisions. 
  (b)  Subject to Section 4.11(a), Lender shall hold all non-public information regarding the Credit Parties and their respective businesses identified as such by Borrowers and obtained by Lender pursuant to the requirements hereof in accordance with its customary procedures for handling information of such nature, except that disclosure of such information may be made (i) to its agents, employees, Subsidiaries, Affiliates, attorneys, auditors, professional consultants, rating agencies, insurance industry associations and portfolio management services, (ii) as required by Law, subpoena, judicial order or similar order and in connection with any litigation, (iii) as may be required in connection with the examination, audit or similar investigation of such Person, and (iv) to a Person that is a trustee, investment advisor, collateral manager, servicer, noteholder or secured party in a Securitization (as hereinafter defined) in connection with the administration, servicing and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for such Securitization. For the purposes of this Section,    Securitization    shall mean (A) the pledge of the Term Loans as collateral security for loans to Lender, or (B) a public or private offering by Lender or any of its Affiliates or their respective successors and assigns, of securities which represent an interest in, or which are collateralized, in whole or in part, by the Term Loans.  Confidential information shall include only such information identified as such at the time provided to Lender and shall not include information that either:  (y) is in the public domain, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to such Person through no fault of such Person, or (z) is disclosed to such Person by a Person other than a Credit Party,   provided  ,   however  , Lender does not have actual knowledge that such Person is prohibited from disclosing such information.  The obligations of Lender under this Section 12.6 shall supersede and replace the obligations of Lender under any confidentiality agreement in respect of this financing executed and delivered by Lender prior to the date hereof. 
  Section 12.7      Waiver of Consequential and Other Damages  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (as defined below), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection  

with, or as a result of this Agreement, any other Financing Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Financing Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
  Section 12.8      GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  .   
  (a)  THIS AGREEMENT, EACH NOTE AND EACH OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT, AND ALL MATTERS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO OR ARISING THEREFROM (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW, TORT LAW OR OTHERWISE), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES.   
  (b)  EACH BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK COUNTY, STATE OF NEW YORK AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT TO LENDER S ELECTION, ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS SHALL BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS.  EACH BORROWER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON SUCH BORROWER BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, ADDRESSED TO SUCH BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE TEN (10) DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED. 
  Section 12.9      WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .    EACH BORROWER AND LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FINANCING DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.  EACH BORROWER AND LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS.  EACH BORROWER AND LENDER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS. 
  Section 12.10      Publication; Advertisement  . 
  (a)  Publication  .  No Credit Party will directly or indirectly publish, disclose or otherwise use in any public disclosure, advertising material, promotional material, press release or interview, any reference to the name, logo or any trademark of Lender or any of its Affiliates or any reference to this Agreement or the financing evidenced hereby, in any case except (i) as required by Law, subpoena or judicial or similar order, in which case the applicable Credit Party shall give Lender prior written notice of such publication or other disclosure, or (ii) with Lender s prior written consent. 
  (b)  Advertisement  .  Each Credit Party hereby authorizes Lender to publish the name of such Credit Party, the existence of the financing arrangements referenced under this Agreement, the primary purpose and/or structure of those arrangements, the amount of credit extended under each facility, the title and role of each party to this Agreement, and the total amount of the financing evidenced hereby in any  tombstone , comparable advertisement or press release which Lender elects to submit for publication.  In addition, each Credit Party agrees that Lender may provide lending industry trade organizations with information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements after the Closing Date.  With respect to any of the foregoing, Lender shall provide Borrowers with an opportunity to review and confer with Lender regarding the contents of any such tombstone, advertisement or information, as applicable, prior to its submission for publication and, following such review period, Lender may, from time to time, publish such information in any media form desired by Lender, until such time that Borrowers shall have requested Lender cease any such further publication. 
  Section 12.11      Counterparts; Integration  .  This Agreement and the other Financing Documents may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.  Signatures by facsimile or by electronic mail delivery of an electronic version of any executed signature page shall bind the parties hereto.  This Agreement and the other Financing Documents constitute the entire agreement and  

understanding among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
  Section 12.12      No Strict Construction  .  The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement.  In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
  Section 12.13      Lender Approvals  .  Unless expressly provided herein to the contrary, any approval, consent, waiver or satisfaction of Lender with respect to any matter that is the subject of this Agreement, the other Financing Documents may be granted or withheld by Lender in its sole and absolute discretion and credit judgment.  No provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document may be materially amended, waived or otherwise modified unless such amendment, waiver or other modification is in writing and is signed or otherwise approved by Borrowers and Lender.   
  Section 12.14      Expenses; Indemnity 
  (a)  Borrowers hereby agree to promptly pay (i) all costs and expenses of Lender (including, without limitation, the fees, costs and expenses of counsel to, and independent appraisers and consultants retained by Lender) in connection with the examination, review, due diligence investigation, documentation, negotiation, closing and syndication of the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents, in connection with the performance by Lender of its rights and remedies under the Financing Documents and in connection with the continued administration of the Financing Documents including (A) any amendments, modifications, consents and waivers to and/or under any and all Financing Documents, and (B) any periodic public record searches conducted by or at the request of Lender (including, without limitation, title investigations, UCC searches, fixture filing searches, judgment, pending litigation and tax lien searches and searches of applicable corporate, limited liability, partnership and related records concerning the continued existence, organization and good standing of certain Persons); (ii) without limitation of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses of Lender in connection with the creation, perfection and maintenance of Liens pursuant to the Financing Documents; (iii) without limitation of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses of Lender in connection with (A) protecting, storing, insuring, handling, maintaining or selling any Collateral, (B) any litigation, dispute, suit or proceeding relating to any Financing Document, and (C) any workout, collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement proceedings under any and all of the Financing Documents; (iv) without limitation of the preceding clause (i), all costs and expenses of Lender in connection with Lender s reservation of funds in anticipation of the funding of the initial Loans to be made hereunder; and (v) all costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with any litigation, dispute, suit or proceeding relating to any Financing Document and in connection with any workout, collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement proceedings under any and all Financing Documents, whether or not Lender is a party thereto.      If Lender uses in-house counsel for any of these purposes, Borrowers further agree that the Obligations include reasonable charges for such work commensurate with the fees that would otherwise be charged by outside legal counsel selected by Lender for the work performed. This   Section 12.14(a)   shall not apply to any Taxes of any Lender. 
  (b)  Each Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify, pay and hold harmless Lender and the officers, directors, employees, trustees, agents, investment advisors, collateral managers, servicers, and counsel of Lender (collectively called the    Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel for such Indemnitee) in connection with any investigative, response, remedial, administrative or judicial matter or proceeding, whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto and including any such proceeding initiated by or on behalf of a Credit Party, and the reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental consultants and similar technical personnel and any commission, fee or compensation claimed by any broker (other than any broker retained by Lender) asserting any right to payment for the transactions contemplated hereby, which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee as a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Operative Documents (including (i)(A) as a direct or indirect result of the presence on or under, or escape, seepage, leakage, spillage, discharge, emission or release from, any property now or previously owned, leased or operated by Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person of any Hazardous Materials, (B) arising out of or relating to the offsite disposal of any materials generated or present on any such property, or (C) arising out of or resulting from the environmental condition of any such property or the applicability of any governmental requirements relating to Hazardous Materials, whether or not occasioned wholly or in part by any condition, accident or event caused by any act or omission of Borrowers or any Subsidiary, and (ii) proposed and actual extensions of credit under this Agreement) and the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Term Loans, except that Borrowers shall have no obligation hereunder to an Indemnitee with respect to any liability resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  To the extent that the undertaking set forth in the immediately preceding sentence may be unenforceable, Borrowers shall contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable Law to the payment and satisfaction of all such indemnified  

liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or any of them.  This   Section 12.14(b)   shall not apply to any Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
  (c)  Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, the obligations of Borrowers under this Section 12.14 shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. NO INDEMNITEE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO THE BORROWERS OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY TO ANY FINANCING DOCUMENT, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR TERMINATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 
  Section 12.15      Payments  .  Payments of principal, interest and fees in respect of the Term Loans will be settled on the date of receipt if received by Lender on the last Business Day of a month or on the Business Day immediately following the date of receipt if received on any day other than the last Business Day of a month. 
  Section 12.16      Reinstatement  .  This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition or other proceeding be filed by or against any Credit Party for liquidation or reorganization, should any Credit Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of any creditor or creditors or should an interim receiver, receiver, receiver and manager or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of any Credit Party s assets, and shall continue to be effective or to be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a fraudulent preference reviewable transaction or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made.  In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. 
  Section 12.17      Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrowers and Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  No Credit Party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or other obligations hereunder or under any other Financing Document without the prior written consent of Lender.  Lender may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder only upon (a) the written consent by the Borrowers and (b) surrender and cancellation (with reissuance to the assignee) of the Note; provided, however, that the written consent of the Borrowers shall not be required for an assignment by Lender (x) to an Affiliate of Lender or (y) in connection with a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of Lender to a third party.  Borrower shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of the Note. The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes, each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or more Notes shall be registered in such register. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof.  If Lender sells a participation in the Note, Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Financing Documents; provided that Lender shall have no obligation to disclose all or any portion of the participant register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Financing Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the participant register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the participant register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.   
  Section 12.18      USA PATRIOT Act Notification  .  Lender hereby notifies Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and such other information that will allow Lender to identify Borrowers in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
  Section 12.19      Right to Perform, Preserve and Protect  .  If any Credit Party fails to perform any obligation hereunder or under any other Financing Document, Lender itself may, but shall not be obligated to, cause such obligation to be performed at Borrowers  expense.  Lender is further authorized by Borrowers to make expenditures from time to time which Lender, in its reasonable business judgment, deems necessary or desirable to (a) preserve or protect the business conducted by Borrowers, the Collateral, or any portion thereof, and/or (b) enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Loan and other Obligations.  Each Borrower hereby agrees to reimburse Lender on demand for any and all costs, liabilities and obligations incurred by Lender pursuant to this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 13 - GUARANTY 
  Section 13.1      Guaranty  .  Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, jointly and severally with each other Guarantor when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by notice of prepayment or otherwise, the due and punctual performance of all of the Obligations. Each payment made by any Guarantor pursuant to this Section 13 shall be made in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds. 
  Section 13.2      Payment of Amounts Owed  .  The Guarantee hereunder is an absolute, unconditional and continuing guaranty of the full and punctual payment and performance of all of the Obligations and not of their collectability only and is in no way conditioned upon any requirement that Lender first attempt to collect any of the Obligations from any Borrower or resort to any collateral security or other means of obtaining payment.  In the event of any default by Borrowers in the payment of the Obligations, after the expiration of any applicable cure or grace period, each Guarantor agrees, on demand by Lender (which demand may be made concurrently with notice to Borrowers that the Borrowers are in default of their obligations), to pay the Obligations, regardless of any defense, right of set-off or recoupment or claims which any Borrower or Guarantor may have against Lender.  All of the remedies set forth in this Agreement, in any other Financing Agreement or at law or equity shall be equally available to Lender, and the choice by Lender of one such alternative over another shall not be subject to question or challenge by any Guarantor or any other person, nor shall any such choice be asserted as a defense, setoff, recoupment or failure to mitigate damages in any action, proceeding, or counteraction by Lender to recover or seeking any other remedy under this Guarantee, nor shall such choice preclude Lender from subsequently electing to exercise a different remedy.   
  Section 13.3      Certain Waivers by Guarantor  .  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Guarantor does hereby:  
  (a)  waive notice of acceptance of this Agreement by Lender and any and all notices and demands of every kind which may be required to be given by any statute, rule or law; 
  (b)  agree to refrain from asserting, until after repayment in full of the Obligations, any defense, right of set-off, right of recoupment or other claim which such Guarantor may have against any Borrower;  
  (c)  waive any defense, right of set-off, right of recoupment or other claim which such Guarantor may have against Lender;  
  (d)  waive any and all rights such Guarantor may have under any anti-deficiency statute or other similar protections;  
  (e)  waive all rights at law or in equity to seek subrogation, contribution, indemnification or any other form of reimbursement or repayment from any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other person or entity now or hereafter primarily or secondarily liable for any of the Obligations until the Obligations have been paid in full;  
  (f)  waive presentment for payment, demand for payment, notice of nonpayment or dishonor, protest and notice of protest, diligence in collection and any and all formalities which otherwise might be legally required to charge such Guarantor with liability;  
  (g)  waive the benefit of all appraisement, valuation, marshalling, forbearance, stay, extension, redemption, homestead, exemption and moratorium laws now or hereafter in effect;  
  (h)  waive any defense based on the incapacity, lack of authority, death or disability of any other person or entity or the failure of Lender to file or enforce a claim against the estate of any other person or entity in any administrative, bankruptcy or other proceeding;  
  (i)  waive any defense based on an election of remedies by Lender, whether or not such election may affect in any way the recourse, subrogation or other rights of such Guarantor against any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other person in connection with the Obligations;  
  (j)  waive any defense based on the failure of Lender to (i) provide notice to such Guarantor of a sale or other disposition of any of the security for any of the Obligations, or (ii) conduct such a sale or disposition in a commercially reasonable manner;  
  (k)  waive any defense based on the negligence of Lender in administering this Agreement or the other Financing Documents (including, but not limited to, the failure to perfect any security interest in any Collateral), or taking or failing to take any action in connection therewith,   provided, however  , that such waiver shall not apply to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lender, as determined by the final, non-appealable decision of a court having proper jurisdiction;  

(l)  waive the defense of expiration of any statute of limitations affecting the liability of such Guarantor hereunder or the enforcement hereof;  
  (m)  waive any right to file any Claim (as defined below) as part of, and any right to request consolidation of any action or proceeding relating to a Claim with, any action or proceeding filed or maintained by Lender to collect any Obligations of such Guarantor to Lender hereunder or to exercise any rights or remedies available to Lender under the Financing Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise;  
  (n)  agree that Lender shall not have any obligation to obtain, perfect or retain a security interest in any property to secure any of the Obligations (including any mortgage or security interest contemplated by the Financing Documents), or to protect or insure any such property;  
  (o)  waive any obligation Lender may have to disclose to such Guarantor any facts Lender now or hereafter may know or have reasonably available to it regarding the Borrowers or Borrowers  financial condition, whether or not Lender has a reasonable opportunity to communicate such facts or have reason to believe that any such facts are unknown to such Guarantor or materially increase the risk to such Guarantor beyond the risk such Guarantor intends to assume hereunder;  
  (p)  agree that Lender shall not be liable in any way for any decrease in the value or marketability of any property securing any of the Obligations which may result from any action or omission of Lender in enforcing any part of this Agreement;  
  (q)  waive any defense based on any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability, in whole or in part, of any one or more of the Financing Documents;  
  (r)  waive any defense based on any change in the composition of Borrowers, and  
  (s)  waive any defense based on any representations and warranties made by such Guarantor herein or by any Borrower herein or in any of the Financing Documents.   
  For purposes of this section, the term    Claim    shall mean any claim, action or cause of action, defense, counterclaim, set-off or right of recoupment of any kind or nature against Lender, its officers, directors, employees, agents, members, actuaries, accountants, trustees or attorneys, or any affiliate of Lender in connection with the making, closing, administration, collection or enforcement by Lender of the Obligations. 
  Section 13.4      Guarantor s Obligations Not Affected by Modifications of Financing Documents  .  Each Guarantor further agrees that such Guarantor s liability as guarantor shall not be impaired or affected by any renewals or extensions which may be made from time to time, with or without the knowledge or consent of Guarantor for the time for payment of interest or principal or by any forbearance or delay in collecting interest or principal hereunder, or by any waiver by Lender under this Agreement or any other Financing Documents, or by Lenders  failure or election not to pursue any other remedies it may have against any Borrower or Guarantor, or by any change or modification in the Note, this Agreement or any other Financing Document, or by the acceptance by Lender of any additional security or any increase, substitution or change therein, or by the release by Lender of any security or any withdrawal thereof or decrease therein, or by the application of payments received from any source to the payment of any obligation other than the Obligations even though Lender might lawfully have elected to apply such payments to any part or all of the Obligations, it being the intent hereof that, subject to Lenders  compliance with the terms of this Section 13 and the Financing Documents, each Guarantor shall remain liable for the payment of the Obligations, until the Obligations have been paid in full, notwithstanding any act or thing which might otherwise operate as a legal or equitable discharge of a surety.  Each Guarantor further understands and agrees that Lender may at any time enter into agreements with Borrowers to amend, modify and/or increase the principal amount of, interest rate applicable to or other economic and non-economic terms of this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, and may waive or release any provision or provisions of this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, and, with reference to such instruments, may make and enter into any such agreement or agreements as Lender and Borrowers may deem proper and desirable, without in any manner impairing this Guarantee or any of Lender s rights hereunder or each Guarantor s obligations hereunder, and each Guarantor s obligations hereunder shall apply to the this Agreement and other Financing Documents as so amended, modified, extended, renewed or increased. 
  Section 13.5      Reinstatement; Deficiency  .  This guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated (as the case may be) if at any time payment of all or any part of any sum payable pursuant to this Agreement or any other Financing Document is rescinded or otherwise required to be returned by Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, or reorganization of any Borrower, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor, custodian or conservator of or trustee or similar officer for, any Borrower or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment to Lender had not been made, regardless of whether Lender contested the order requiring the return of such payment.  In the event of the foreclosure of the Financing Documents and of a deficiency, each Guarantor hereby promises and agrees forthwith to pay  

the amount of such deficiency notwithstanding the fact that recovery of said deficiency against Borrowers would not be allowed by applicable law; however, the foregoing shall not be deemed to require that Lender institute foreclosure proceedings or otherwise resort to or exhaust any other collateral or security prior to or concurrently with enforcing this guaranty. 
  Section 13.6      Subordination of Borrowers  Obligations to Guarantors; Claims in Bankruptcy  . 
  (a)  Any indebtedness of any Borrower to any Guarantor (including, but not limited to, any right of such Guarantor to a return of any capital contributed to a Borrower), whether now or hereafter existing, is hereby subordinated to the payment of the Obligations.  Each Guarantor agrees that, until the Obligations have been paid in full, such Guarantor will not seek, accept, or retain for its own account, any payment from any Borrower on account of such subordinated debt.  Any payments to any Guarantor on account of such subordinated debt shall be collected and received by such Guarantor in trust for Lender and shall be immediately paid over to Lender on account of the Obligations without impairing or releasing the obligations of such Guarantor hereunder. 
  (b)  Each Guarantor shall promptly file in any bankruptcy or other proceeding in which the filing of claims is required by law, all claims and proofs of claims that such Guarantor may have against any Borrower or any other Guarantor and does hereby assign to Lender or its nominee (and will, upon request of Lender, reconfirm in writing the assignment to Lender or its nominee of) all rights of such Guarantor under such claims.  If such Guarantor does not file any such claim, Lender, as attorney in fact for such Guarantor, is hereby irrevocably authorized to do so in the name of such Guarantor, or in Lender s discretion, to assign the claim to a designee and cause proof of claim to be filed in the name of Lender s designee.  In all such cases, whether in administration, bankruptcy or otherwise, the person or persons authorized to pay such claim shall pay to Lender the full amount thereof and, to the full extent necessary for that purpose, each Guarantor hereby assigns to Lender all of such Guarantor s rights to any such payments or distributions to which such Guarantor would otherwise be entitled, such assignment being a present and irrevocable assignment of all such rights. 
  Section 13.7      Maximum Liability  .  The provisions of this Section 13 are severable, and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law, or any state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under this Section 13 would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable, invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of such Guarantor s liability under this Section 13, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13 to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by the Guarantors or Lender, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding (such highest amount determined hereunder being the relevant Guarantor s    Maximum Liability   ). This Section 13.7 with respect to the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor is intended solely to preserve the rights of Lender to the maximum extent not subject to avoidance under applicable law, and no Guarantor nor any other Person shall have any right or claim under this Section 13.7 with respect to such Maximum Liability, except to the extent necessary so that the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder shall not be rendered voidable under applicable law. Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the Maximum Liability of each Guarantor without impairing this guaranty or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lender hereunder, provided that, nothing in this sentence shall be construed to increase any Guarantor s obligations hereunder beyond its Maximum Liability. 
  Section 13.8      Guarantor s Investigation  .  Each Guarantor acknowledges receipt of a copy of each of this Agreement and the other Financing Documents. Each Guarantor has made an independent investigation of the other Credit Parties and of the financial condition of the other Credit Parties. Lender has not made and Lender does not make any representations or warranties as to the income, expense, operation, finances or any other matter or thing affecting any Credit Party nor has Lender made any representations or warranties as to the amount or nature of the Obligations of any Credit Party to which this Section 13 applies as specifically herein set forth, nor has Lender or any officer, agent or employee of Lender or any representative thereof, made any other oral representations, agreements or commitments of any kind or nature, and each Guarantor hereby expressly acknowledges that no such representations or warranties have been made and such Guarantor expressly disclaims reliance on any such representations or warranties 
  Section 13.9      Termination  .  The provisions of this Section 13 shall remain in effect until the payment and satisfaction in full, in immediately available funds, of all Term Loans and other Obligations and termination of this Agreement. 
  Section 13.10      Representative  .  Each Guarantor hereby designates Borrower Representative and its representatives and agents on its behalf for the purpose of giving and receiving all notices and other consents hereunder or under any other Financing Document and taking all other actions on behalf of such Guarantor under the Financing Documents.  Borrower Representative hereby accepts such appointment.  
    
   [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGE(S)] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , intending to be legally bound, and intending that this Agreement constitute an agreement executed under seal, each of the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed under seal the day and year first above mentioned. 
                 BORROWERS: 
    ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  ,  
  a Delaware corporation 

By:      /S/ Ebun Garner 
  Name:     Ebun Garner 
  Title:     General Counsel and SVP 
        
    Address  : 
  5818 El Camino Real 
  Carlsbad, CA  92008 
  Attn:  Michael O Neill, Chief Financial Officer 
  Facsimile:  (760) 431-9083 
  E-Mail:   moneill@alphatecspine.com 
        
    ALPHATEC SPINE, INC.  ,  
  a California corporation 

By:  Ebun Garner 
  Name:   Ebun Garner 
  Title:   General Counsel and SVP 

[Signatures Continue on Following Page] 

LENDER: 
    GLOBUS MEDICAL INC.  , as Lender 
  By: /S/   Anthony Williams 
  Name:   Anthony Williams     
  Title:     President        

Address  : 
  Valley Forge Business Center 
  2560 General Armistead Avenue 
  Audubon, PA 19403 
  Attn:  Eric Ian Schwartz 
  Facsimile:   

Payment Account Designation  : 
  See attached 

ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
    
  ANNEXES 
  Annex A            Commitment Annex 
    
  EXHIBITS  
  Exhibit A        List of Guarantors 
  Exhibit B        Compliance Certificate 
  Exhibit C-1        Form of Exemption Certificate (Non-Partnership Foreign Lenders) 
  Exhibit C-2        Form of Exemption Certificate (Non-Partnership Foreign Participants) 
  Exhibit C-3        Form of Exemption Certificate (Partnership Foreign Participants) 
  Exhibit C-4        Form of Exemption Certificate (Partnership Foreign Lenders)  
  Exhibit D        Notice of Borrowing 
  Exhibit E        Form of Payment Notification 

SCHEDULES 
  Schedule 2.1        Amortization 
  Schedule 3.1        Existence, Organizational ID Numbers, Foreign Qualification, Prior Names 
  Schedule 3.4        Capitalization 
  Schedule 3.6        Litigation 
  Schedule 3.17        Material Contracts 
  Schedule 3.18        Environmental Compliance 
  Schedule 3.19        Intellectual Property 
  Schedule 4.4        Insurance 
  Schedule 5.1        Debt; Contingent Obligations 
  Schedule 5.2        Liens 
  Schedule 5.7        Permitted Investments 
  Schedule 5.8        Affiliate Transactions 
  Schedule 5.11        Business Description 
  Schedule 7.1        Closing Deliverables 
  Schedule 7.4        Post-Closing Requirements 
  Schedule 8.2(h)        FDA Compliance 
  Schedule 9.1        Collateral 
  Schedule 9.2        Location of Collateral 

Annex A to Credit Agreement (Commitment Annex) 

Exhibit A to Credit Agreement  
  LIST OF GUARANTORS 
  As of the Closing Date, none. 

Exhibit B to Credit Agreement  
  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  This Compliance Certificate is given by _____________________, a Responsible Officer of Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ), pursuant to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of _____ ___, 2016, by and among the Borrower Representative and Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties party thereto, and Globus Medical Inc., as Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.  
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies to Lender that: 
  (a)     I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and have made, or caused to be made under my supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower Representative and its Consolidated Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by such financial statements, and such review has not disclosed the existence during or at the end of such accounting period, and I have no knowledge of the existence as of the date hereof, of any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, except as set forth in   Schedule 1   hereto, which includes a description of the nature and period of existence of such Default or an Event of Default and what action Borrowers have taken, are undertaking and propose to take with respect thereto; 
  (b)     except as noted on   Schedule 2     attached hereto,   Schedule 9.2   to the Credit Agreement contains a complete and accurate list of (i) each chief executive office and principal place of business of each Credit Party and each of their respective Subsidiaries and (ii) all addresses (including warehouses) at which any of the Collateral is located and/or books and records of any Credit Party regarding any of the Collateral are kept, and   Schedule 2     specifically notes any changes in the names under which Credit Parties and each of their respective Subsidiaries conduct business; 
  (c)     except as noted on   Schedule 3     attached hereto, the undersigned has no knowledge of (i) any federal or state tax liens having been filed against the Credit Parties or any Collateral, or (ii) any failure of any Credit Party to make required payments of withholding or other tax obligations of such Credit Party during the accounting period to which the attached statements pertain or any subsequent period; 
  (d)     except as noted on   Schedule 4     attached hereto or   Schedule 3.6   to the Credit Agreement, the undersigned has no knowledge of (i) any current, pending or threatened litigation against the Credit Parties which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Borrowers or any other Credit Party or which in any manner calls into question the validity or enforceability of any Financing Document or (ii) any default by the Credit Parties under any Material Contract to which such Credit Party is a party; provided, however, that the information required pursuant to this clause (d) shall be deemed to have been delivered if the Credit Parties deliver to Lender that certain litigation letter or disclosure statement delivered to Borrower Representative s independent public accountants on a quarterly basis at substantially the same time such letter or disclosure statement is delivered to Borrower Representatives independent public accountants;; 
  (e)     [except as noted on   Schedule 5     attached hereto, no Credit Party has acquired, by purchase, by the approval or granting of any application for registration (whether or not such application was previously disclosed to Lender by Borrowers) or otherwise, any Intellectual Property that is registered with any United States or foreign Governmental Authority, or has filed with any such United States or foreign Governmental Authority, any new application for the registration of any Intellectual Property, or acquired rights under a license as a licensee with respect to any such registered Intellectual Property (or any such application for the registration of Intellectual Property) owned by another Person, that has not previously been reported to Lender on   Schedule 3.19   to the Credit Agreement or any   Schedule 4     to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by the Borrower Representative to Lender;] [  To be included in the Compliance Certificate provided at the end of each Fiscal Quarter only  ] 
  (f)     except as noted on   Schedule 6     attached hereto and except in the ordinary course of business, no Credit Party has acquired, since the Closing Date, by purchase or otherwise, any Chattel Paper, Letter of Credit Rights, Instruments, Documents or Investment Property that has not previously been reported to Lender on any   Schedule 6     to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by Borrower Representative to Lender; 
  (g)     [except as noted on   Schedule 7     attached hereto, no Credit Party is aware of any commercial tort claim that has not previously been reported to Lender on any   Schedule 7     to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by Borrower Representative to Lender; and] [  To be included in the Compliance Certificate provided at the end of each Fiscal Quarter only  ] 

(h)     Borrowers are in compliance with the covenants contained in Article 6 of the Credit Agreement, as demonstrated by the calculation of such covenants as set forth in the attached worksheets [see attached worksheets], and such calculations and the certifications contained therein are true, correct and complete;  
  The foregoing certifications and computations are made as of ________________, 20__ (end of month) and as of _____________, 20__. 
                   
    Sincerely, 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  ,                        as Borrower Representative 
  By: 
  Name: 
  Title: 

Worksheet for Calculation of EBITDA   
                 EBITDA for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      Net income (or loss) for the Defined Period of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries, but excluding:  (a) the income (or loss) of any Person (other than Subsidiaries of Borrowers) in which Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries has an ownership interest unless received by Borrower or their Subsidiary in a cash distribution; and (b) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it became a Subsidiary of Borrowers or is merged into or consolidated with Borrowers 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Any provision for (or   minus   any benefit from) income and franchise taxes deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Interest expense, net of interest income, deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Stock-based compensation expense 
    $___________ 
      Plus:  Amortization and depreciation deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period (including impairment charges to goodwill and write downs of intangible assets) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Non-recurring expenses approved by Agent (including transaction expenses and restructuring charges related to acquisitions) 
    $___________ 
      Plus:      Any effect for (or   minus   any benefit from) foreign currency deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      EBITDA for the Defined Period: 
    $                         

Worksheet for Calculation of Fixed Charges  
                 Fixed Charges for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      Interest expense ($______), net of interest income ($______), interest paid in kind ($______) and amortization of capitalized fees and expenses incurred to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents and included in interest expense ($______), included in the determination of net income of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries for the Defined Period (   Total Interest Expense   ) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Any provision for (or   minus   any benefit from) income or franchise taxes included in the determination of net income for the Defined Period * 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Payments of principal and interest for the Defined Period with respect to all Debt (including the portion of scheduled payments under capital leases allocable to principal     and excluding scheduled repayments of Revolving Loans and other Debt subject to reborrowing to the extent not accompanied by a concurrent and permanent reduction of the Revolving Loan Commitment (or equivalent loan commitment)) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Permitted Distributions  
    $ ___________                       
      Fixed Charges for the applicable Defined Period:  
    $ ___________ 

Worksheet for Calculation of Operating Cash Flow 
    
                 Operating Cash Flow for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      EBITDA for the Defined Period (calculated pursuant to the EBITDA Worksheet) 
    $___________ 
      Minus:  Unfinanced capital expenditures for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Minus:  To the extent not already reflected in the calculation of EBITDA, other capitalized costs, defined as the gross amount paid in cash and capitalized during the Defined Period, as long term assets, other than amounts capitalized during the Defined Period as capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment or similar fixed asset accounts 
    $___________ 
      Operating Cash Flow for the Defined Period: 
    $                        

Covenant Compliance:    
  (To be included in the Compliance Certificate for each month ending during the period from and after April 30, 2017 and thereafter.) 
                 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Defined Period 
    ___ to 1.0 
      Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Defined Period 
    [***] to 1.0 
      In Compliance 
    Yes  /  No 

Worksheet for Calculation of Liquidity    
  (To be included in the Compliance Certificate for each month ending during the period from Fifth Amendment Effective Date through and including March 31, 2017.) 
    
                 Balance Sheet Cash 
    $___________ 
      Plus:  Revolving Loan Availability 
    $___________ 
      Liquidity 
    $                        

Covenant Compliance: 
                 Liquidity  
  In Compliance 
      $[***] 
  Yes  /  No 

Exhibit C-1 to Credit Agreement 
  FORM OF EXEMPTION CERTIFICATE (NON-PARTNERSHIP FOREIGN LENDERS) 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of _____ ___, 2016, by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ) and Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties party thereto, and Globus Medical Inc., as Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.  
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.8(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document, it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished Lender and Borrower Representative with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform Borrower Representative and Lender, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished Borrower Representative and Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.  
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

[  Signature Page Follows  ] 

[NAME OF LENDER] 
      By: 
        
    Name:   
        
    Title:   

Date: ________ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit C-2 to Credit Agreement  
  FORM OF EXEMPTION CERTIFICATE (NON-PARTNERSHIP FOREIGN PARTICIPANTS) 
  Reference is made to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of _____ ___, 2016, by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ) and Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties party thereto, and Globus Medical Inc., as Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.8(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
   [  Signature Page Follows  ] 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 
      By: 
        
    Name:   
        
    Title:   

Date: ________ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit C-3 to Credit Agreement  
  FORM OF EXEMPTION CERTIFICATE (PARTNERSHIP FOREIGN PARTICIPANTS) 
  Reference is made to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of _____ ___, 2016, by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ) and Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties party thereto, and Globus Medical Inc., as Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.8(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.  
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable,  or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a certificate of non-U.S. Person status on an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
   [  Signature Page Follows  ] 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 
      By: 
        
    Name:   
        
    Title:   

Date: ________ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit C-4 to Credit Agreement  
  FORM OF EXEMPTION CERTIFICATE (PARTNERSHIP FOREIGN LENDERS) 
  Reference is made to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of _____ ___, 2016, by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ) and Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), the other Credit Parties party thereto, and Globus Medical Inc., as Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.8(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished Lender and Borrower Representative with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by a certificate of non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform Borrower Representative and Lender, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished Borrower Representative and Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
   [  Signature Page Follows  ] 

[NAME OF LENDER] 
      By: 
        
    Name:   
        
    Title:   

Date: ________ __, 20[  ] 

Exhibit D to Credit Agreement 
  NOTICE OF BORROWING 
  This Notice of Borrowing is given by _____________________, a Responsible Officer of Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ), pursuant to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of [____ __], 2016, by and among the Borrower Representative, Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), and Globus Medical Inc., a Delaware corporation, individually as a Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ).  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby gives notice to Lender of Borrower Representative s request to borrow $____________________ of Term Loans on _______________, 201__. 
  The undersigned officer hereby certifies that, both before and after giving effect to the request above (a) each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section [7.1]   Select if requesting Term Loan borrowing under the Closing Date Term Loan Tranche.   [7.2]   Select if requesting Term Loan borrowing under an Additional Term Loan Tranche  . have been satisfied, (b) all of the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representation or warranty relates to a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty is true, correct and complete as of such earlier date, and (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the undersigned officer has executed and delivered this Notice of Borrowing this ____ day of ___________, 20__. 
                   
    Sincerely, 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  ,                        as Borrower Representative 
  By: 
  Name: 
  Title: 

Exhibit E to Credit Agreement  
  PAYMENT NOTIFICATION 
  This Payment Notification is given by _____________________, a Responsible Officer of Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ), pursuant to that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of [____ __], 2016, by and among the Borrower Representative, Alphatec Spine, Inc., a California corporation (individually as a    Borrower   ), and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), and Globus Medical Inc., a Delaware corporation, individually as a Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ).  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
  Please be advised that funds in the amount of $_____________ will be wire transferred to Lender on _________, 20__.  Such funds shall constitute [an optional] [a mandatory] prepayment of the Term Loans, with such prepayments to be applied in the manner specified in Section 2.1(c).  [Such mandatory prepayment is being made pursuant to Section _____________ of the Credit Agreement.] 
  Note:    Funds must be received in the Payment Account by no later than 12:00 noon Eastern time for same day application 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the undersigned officer has executed and delivered this Payment Notification this ____ day of ___________, 20__. 
                     
    Sincerely, 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.,    
  as Borrower Representative 

By: 
  Name: 
  Title: 

Schedule 2.1  
  AMORTIZATION 

Schedule 3.1 
  EXISTENCE, ORGANIZATIONAL ID NUMBERS, FOREIGN QUALIFICATIONS, PRIOR NAMES 

Schedule 3.4 
  CAPITALIZATION 

Schedule 3.6  
  LITIGATION 
  Product Liability Class Action Claim in Ohio Related to PureGen 
  In October 2015 a complaint was filed in the Court of Common Pleas in Hamilton County, Ohio.  The complaint was filed on behalf of 65 plaintiffs that are all alleging that they had the Company s PureGen product implanted in surgeries that occurred in 2011 and 2012.  The plaintiffs are alleging that PureGen caused complications following the surgeries.  The Company has contacted its products liability broker regarding this matter.  The Company believes that the claims are without merit and intends to defend itself against such claims.  The Company has met its insurance deductible for these claims.   
  Employment Claim in France 
  The Company is currently defending itself against a civil complaint in France.  In the complaint a former employee is claiming to have been wrongfully terminated by Scient x.  The Company believes that the claim is without merit and intends to defend itself against such claims.   
  Product Liability Claim in Louisiana 
  In December 2015 a complaint was filed in Seventeenth Judicial District of the States of Louisiana.  The complaint was filed on behalf of a plaintiff that alleges that two of the Company s pedicle screws contained a defect and broke after being implanted.  The Company has contacted its products liability broker regarding this matter and intends to defend itself against such claim.  Only limited fact finding has occurred at this point.   
  Product Liability Claim in Georgia  
  In February 2016 a complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia.  The complaint was filed on behalf of a plaintiff that alleges that two of the Company s pedicle screws contained a defect and broke after being implanted.  The Company has contacted its products liability broker regarding this matter and intends to defend itself against such claim.  Only limited fact finding has occurred at this point.   

Schedule 3.17 
  MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
           1. 
    Standard Industrial Lease (Net) by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and H.G. Fenton Property Company, dated as of January 30, 2008 
              2. 
    Lease Agreement by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Fenton Property Company., dated as of January 21, 2016 
              3. 
    Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement dated August 30, 2013 by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., Alphatec Spine, Inc., Alphatec International LLC, Alphatec Pacific, Inc. and MidCap Funding IV, LLC, as amended  
              4. 
    Amended and Restated Term Loan Note, dated July 10, 2015, with MidCap Funding IV Trust, as amended 
              5. 
    Supply Agreement by and between Alphatec Spine, Inc. and Invibio, Inc., dated as of October 18, 2004 and amended by Letter of Amendment in respect of the Supply Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2004, as amended                
              6. 
    Collaboration Agreement by and among Alphatec Spine, Inc., Elite Medical Holdings, LLC and Pac 3 Surgical Products, LLC, dated as of October 22, 2013, as amended       
              7. 
    Employment Agreement by and among Alphatec Spine, Inc., Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Michael O Neill, dated October 11, 2010               
              8. 
    Employment Agreement by and between Alphatec Spine, Inc. and Mitsuo Asai, dated May 2, 2016 
              9. 
    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc., Alphatec Spine, Inc. and Ebun S. Garner, Esq., dated July 17, 2006 
              10. 
    Employment Agreement by and among James M. Corbett, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc., dated April 25, 2014 
              11. 
    Employment Agreement by and among Michael Plunkett, Alphatec Spine, Inc., and Alphatec Holdings, Inc., dated February 17, 2014 
              12. 
    Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates, Orthotec, LLC, Patrick Bertranou and the other parties named therein 
              13. 
    Purchase and Sale Agreement, by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd., dated as of July 25, 2016 

Schedule 3.18 
  ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 
    
  None. 

Schedule 3.19 
  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
  See attached.       

Schedule 4.4 
  INSURANCE 
  See attached. 

Schedule 5.1 
  DEBT; CONTINGENT OBLIGATIONS 
    
  CAPITAL LEASES: 
    
  GE CapitaI Lease agreement 
  Lease No: 8699976-001 
  Start Date 3-1-12 
  Original Lease Amount: $550,000 w/down payment of $50,000 - Lease amount $500,000 
  Equipment: Mikron - GF Agiecharmillies HMS 400U LP 42,000 RPM 5 Axis Milling Machine w/options and accessories 
    
  GE Capital Lease agreement 
  Lease No: 8718796-001 
  Start Date 4-1-12 
  Original Lease Amount: $470,790.90 w/down payment of $9,436.06 - Lease amount $461,354.84  
  Equipment: North-South - Tornos Deco Sigma 20 - Screw Machine 
    
  GE Capital Lease agreement 
  Lease No: 8722047-001 
  Start Date 7-1-12 
  Original Lease Amount: $128,115 w/down payment of $2,564.46 - Lease amount $125,550.54  
  Equipment: Coordinate Measuring Machine (CMM) 
    
  Tetra Financial Lease agreement 
  Lease No: Master TFGIAH 071712 schedule 002 
  Start Date: July 1, 2014 
  Original Lease Amount: $759,242 w/down payment of $227,772.60 - Lease amount $531,469.40  
  Equipment: 2 Tsugami Swiss Milling Machines 
    
  Tetra Financial Lease agreement 
  Lease No: Master TFGIAH 071712 schedule 003 
  Start Date: January 1st, 2015 
  Original Lease Amount: $618,750.00 w/down payment of $185,625.00 - Lease amount $433,125.00  
  Equipment: 1 Inspection Cell Machine 
    
  Industrial Equipment Capital Lease agreement 
  Lease No: 25190284 
  Start Date 8-1-12 
  Original Lease Amount: $308,377 w/down payment of $61,675.40 - Lease amount $308,377  
  Equipment: Tsugami $206 Screw Machine 
    
  Industrial Equipment Capital Lease agreement 
  Lease No: 0624624-300 
  Start Date 10-29-12 
  Original Lease Amount: $575,537.00 w/down payment of $172,661.10- Lease amount $402,875.90 Equipment: Mikron Milling Machine 

EXISTING DEBT: 

Schedule 5.2 
  LIENS 
    
  Liens securing Debt listed on Schedule 5.1. 

Schedule 5.7 
  PERMITTED INVESTMENTS 
  None. 

Schedule 5.8 
  AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS 
  For the six months ended June 30, 2016, Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc. (referred to herein as the    Company   ) incurred costs of $0.2 million related to reimbursement of travel and administrative expenses to HealthpointCapital, LLC.  
  The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with all of its directors. The indemnification agreements requires the Company to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred by them in connection with any proceeding against them with respect to which they may be entitled to indemnification by the Company. 
  On June 19, 2014, the Company entered into a forbearance agreement with HealthpointCapital, LLC, HealthpointCapital Partners, L.P., and HealthpointCapital Partners II, L.P. (collectively, "HealthpointCapital"), pursuant to which HealthpointCapital, on behalf of the Company, paid $1.0 million of the $1.1 million payment due and payable by the Company to Orthotec, LLC on July 1, 2016 and agreed to not exercise its ability to seek an immediate repayment of such amount. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company is required to repay this amount, without interest, to HealthpointCapital by September 30, 2016. 

Schedule 5.11 
  BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
    
  The design, development, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution of synthetic and natural treatments of disorders of the spine and back. 

Schedule 7.1  
    
  CLOSING DELIVEWRABLES 
    
  1.    Duly executed original signatures to this Agreement; 
    
           2. 
    Duly executed original Note in favor of Lender with a face amount equal to Lender's Term Commitment under the Term Loan; 
       
           3. 
    Duly executed original signatures to the other Financing Documents to which any Credit Party is a party; 
       
           4. 
    Filed copies of UCC financing statements, collateral assignments, and termination statements, with respect to the Collateral, as Lender shall request; 
       
           5. 
    The Organizational Documents of each Credit Party and good standing certificates of each US Credit Party certified by the Secretary of State of the state(s) of organization of such Credit Party (as applicable) as of the date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date; 
       
           6. 
    Certificates of foreign qualification, dated as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date, from each jurisdiction where any Credit Party's failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
       
           7. 
    A legal opinion of counsel to each Credit Party, dated as of the Closing Date, together with the duly executed original signatures thereto; 
       
           8. 
    Evidence satisfactory to Lender that the insurance policies required by Section 4 are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Lender for the benefit of the Lender; 
       
           9. 
    A duly executed original Secretary's Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, which includes copies of the completed borrowing resolutions for each Credit Party; and 
       
           10. 
    Timely receipt by the Lender of an executed letter of direction. 

Schedule 7.4  
  POST CLOSING-REQUIREMENTS 
  Borrowers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into a landlord collateral access agreement with the landlord at the corporate headquarters in Carlsbad, CA within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date. 
  Borrowers shall provide the Lender with an updated Schedule 3.19 to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender, which shall also be attached  to that certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement between Borrowers and Lender, within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date. 

Schedule 8.2(h) 
    
  FDA COMPLIANCE 

Schedule 9.1  
  COLLATERAL 
    
  The Collateral consists of all of Borrowers  assets, including without limitation, all of Borrowers  right, title and interest in and to the following, whether now owned or hereafter created, acquired or arising: 
    
           (a) 
    all goods, Accounts (including health-care insurance receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles, commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, intellectual property, securities accounts, fixtures, letter of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; 
       
  (b)    all of Borrowers  books and records relating to any of the foregoing; 
    
  (c)    all of Borrowers  Promissory Notes; and 
    
           (d)  
    any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 

Schedule 9.2 
  LOCATION OF COLLATERAL 
                     Company 
    Mailing Address 
    Collateral or Books and Records 
    Nature of Location 
      Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  Alphatec Spine, Inc. 
    5818 El Camino Real 
  Carlsbad, CA 92008 
    Both 
    Leased Location 
      Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  Alphatec Spine, Inc. 
    165 Chubb Avenue 
  Lyndhurst, NJ 07071 
    Collateral 
    Third-party location (United Parcel Service) 
      Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  Alphatec Spine, Inc. 
    205 Kelsey Lane, Suite D 
  Tampa, FL 33619 
    Collateral 
    Third-party location (United Parcel Service) 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exh102prodmansupagrmt.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2  
    
  PRODUCT MANUFACTURE AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
  This Product Manufacture and Supply Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is entered into as of the 1st day of September, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ), by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and having its principal office at 5818 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92008, USA (   Alphatec   ), and Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd., a private limited company organized and existing under the laws of Ireland and having its principal office at Valley Forge Business Center, 2560 General Armistead Avenue, Audubon, Pennsylvania 19403, USA (   Globus   ).  
  BACKGROUND: 
  The Parties have entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement effective as of July 25, 2016 (   Purchase Agreement   ) relating to the Products (as defined below) in the Territory (as defined below).   
  The Purchase Agreement provides that the Parties shall negotiate and enter into a manufacturing and supply agreement on the terms set forth therein and other customary terms; and 
  The Parties agree that Alphatec will be responsible for the manufacture and supply (including through TPMs (as defined below)) to Globus of its requirements of the Products subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
  In consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as set forth in this Agreement. 
    
  ARTICLE 1 
  DEFINITIONS 
  When used in the capitalized form in this Agreement, each of the following terms has the meaning set forth in this Article 1:  
  1.1       Act    means the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 
  1.2       Affiliate    means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified Person, provided, that for the purposes of this definition,  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the terms  controlled by  and  under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  
  1.3       Applicable Laws    means all laws, statutes, rules, codes, regulations, orders, codes, guidance notes, judgments or ordinances of any Governmental Authority including cGMP, relevant provisions of the Act and other laws and regulations enforced by the FDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and similar Governmental Authorities anywhere in the World relating to the Product, the Manufacturing Services, the prevention of corruption, the protection of personal data and otherwise relating to this Agreement, as any of the same may be amended and applicable from time to time.  
  1.4       Business Day    means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks located in New York City are authorized or required by law to close.   
  1.5       Calendar Year    means (a) for the first Calendar Year of the Term, the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2017, (b) for each Calendar Year of the Term thereafter, each successive period beginning on January 1 and ending twelve (12) consecutive calendar months later on December 31, and (c) for the last Calendar Year of the Term, the period beginning on January 1 of the Calendar Year in which this Agreement expires or terminates and ending on the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
  1.6       cGMP    means the current good manufacturing practices by the FDA and comparable Governmental Authorities including in accordance with applicable FDA regulations, guidelines, other administrative interpretations and rulings in connection with the storage, handling, testing, packing, labelling, manufacture and supply of medical devices, including the regulations cited in 21 C.F.R. part 820 and other applicable sections thereof and promulgated under the Act, as are in effect from time to time, and all foreign counterparts thereof in respect of any Governmental Authority including the Medical Devices Directive 93/42/EEC and (b) ISO 13485 and/or ISO 9001, as applicable and as any of the same may be amended and applicable from time to time.  

1.7       Consent    means any consent, authorization, permit, certificate, license or approval of, exemption by, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority or other person. 
  1.8       Delivery Date    means the date on which all of the Products specified on a Purchase Order have been received by Globus or its designee. 
  1.9       Device Master File    means the detailed information concerning the Product which is submitted to the relevant Governmental Authority and which is intended for incorporation into the Regulatory Dossier. 
  1.10       Diligent Efforts    means, with respect to a Party, the carrying out of obligations specified in this Agreement in a manner using reasonable, good faith efforts and resources, including reasonably necessary personnel and financial resources, as a Person in the medical device industry would normally use to carry out similar obligations under similar circumstances involving its own proprietary products.  
  1.11       FDA    means the United States Food and Drug Administration or any successor agency thereof. 
  1.12       Governmental Authority    means any court, tribunal, arbitrator, agency, legislative body, commission, official or other instrumentality of: (a) any government of any country, (b) a federal, state, province, county, city or other political subdivision thereof, including the FDA; (c) any supranational body; or (d) any additional medical devices regulatory body with jurisdiction over either Party, or its activities hereunder, or with respect to the Product, including Notified Bodies (as defined in Article 16 of Directive 93/42/EEC).   
  1.13       Manufacturing Facility    means each facility where Manufacturing Services will be performed as may be indicated in the applicable Regulatory Dossier.  
  1.14       Manufacturing Services    means the manufacturing, processing, testing, handling, packaging, labelling, storing, transportation, inspection and other activities undertaken or required to be undertaken by Alphatec (including as such may be performed by a TPM) in order to manufacture and supply Globus with Products hereunder. 
  1.15       Party    means Alphatec or Globus;    Parties    shall mean Alphatec and Globus.  
  1.16       Person    means any natural person or any corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, firm or other entity, including a Party. 
  1.17       Price    means the price for each Product as set forth on   Schedule 1.18  .  
  1.18       Product    means any of the uniquely identified products set forth on   Schedule 1.18  .   
  1.19       Quality Assurance    means quality assurance activities undertaken in connection with manufacturing, packaging and releasing Product. 
  1.20       Regulatory Dossier    means the technical, design, medical and scientific guidelines, registrations, listings, authorizations and approvals (including the FDA approval, any premarket notifications or approvals under the 510(k) or other applicable requirement, supplements and amendments, pre- and post- approvals, pricing and Third Party reimbursement approvals, and labelling approvals) necessary for the development (including the conduct of clinical studies), manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, offer for sale, use, import, reimbursement, export or sale of each Product in the Territory, together with all related correspondence to or from the FDA or other Governmental Authority and all documents referenced in the complete regulatory chronology for such approval, or foreign equivalent, including the Device Master File, or foreign equivalents. 
  1.21       Specifications    means, on a Product-by-Product basis, all specifications for materials, approved suppliers, designs, manufacturing, analytical and testing procedures, release, packaging, labelling, artwork and other processes relating to the manufacturing of a Product, all as set forth in the Regulatory Dossier applicable to such Product, as may be amended by the Parties from time to time pursuant to Section 4.2. 
  1.22       Territory    means any place in the world other than the United States of America and its territories and possessions.  
  1.23       Third Party    means any Person that is not a Party or any Affiliate of a Party. 
  1.24      Additional Definitions  .  Each of the following terms is defined in the Section of this Agreement indicated below: 

ARTICLE 2 
  EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT; SUPPLY OF PRODUCTS 
  2.1      Supply Generally  .   
  (a)  Globus shall purchase Products from Alphatec and Alphatec shall supply Products, in applicable final packaging (including with approved labelling and appropriate instructions for use (IFU) (where required by Applicable Laws) and barcodes), having been certified as conforming to the Specifications and meeting all final release criteria, and ready for distribution to end-users, to Globus in accordance with this Agreement.  Alphatec shall not be required to supply any Product in any country in which Alphatec does not hold, as of the date that immediately precedes the Effective Date, all Consents necessary for the supply of such Product in such country.   
  (b)  Alphatec has previously engaged a number of Third Party manufacturer(s) (   TPM(s)   ) to provide such Products.  Except as otherwise disclosed to Globus, Alphatec currently has valid agreements in place with such TPM(s), and shall not (i) enter into any agreement(s) with any new TPM that will be supplying Products or (ii) make any amendments to existing agreements with any current TPMs that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely impact Alphatec s ability to manufacture and supply Products for Globus without Globus s prior written approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (and each such existing or approved agreement, a    TPM Agreement   ).  With respect to any TPM for which Alphatec does not currently have an agreement in place, Alphatec will use Diligent Efforts to execute a full supplier agreement with such TPM.  Globus hereby consents to the manufacture of the Products by the TPMs listed on   Schedule 2.1  .  With respect to each TPM Agreement, Alphatec shall promptly notify Globus regarding any material developments with respect thereto that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely impact Alphatec s ability to manufacture and supply Products for Globus, including any alleged breach thereof by Alphatec or the applicable TPM, any force majeure event thereunder affecting production  

of any Product, price increases thereunder, threatened or actual debarments of individuals implicated in performing thereunder, or any notices regarding contract termination or non-renewal thereof.   
  (c)  No TPM Agreement shall relieve Alphatec of any of its obligations under this Agreement and Alphatec shall remain liable to Globus in accordance with this Agreement for any performance or non-performance of any TPM and Alphatec hereby expressly waives any requirement that Globus exhaust any right, power or remedy, or proceed against any TPM, for any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceeding directly against Alphatec. 
  (d)  Globus agrees and acknowledges that those Products designated on Schedule 1.18 as  Scient x Legacy  are no longer available for purchase under this Agreement, and are not subject to Sections 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 4.2(a), 4.2(b) or any other section of this Agreement pursuant to which Globus would be entitled to place purchase orders for such Products.  
  2.2      Manufacturing Coordinator  .  Within ten (10) days after the Effective Date, Globus and Alphatec shall each appoint a manufacturing coordinator (   Manufacturing Coordinator   ) authorised to represent them.  Each Party may replace its Manufacturing Coordinator at any time by providing written notice to the other Party in accordance with Section 13.3. 
    
  ARTICLE 3 
  MANUFACTURING SERVICES 
  3.1      Performance of Manufacturing Services  .  Subject to Section 3.8, as between the Parties, Alphatec shall be solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for performance of all Manufacturing Services.  Alphatec shall not amend or modify the Manufacturing Services or any processes or procedures used to perform the Manufacturing Services without the prior express written approval from Globus or as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 4.2.  In furtherance of the foregoing, Alphatec agrees to provide or retain, at its sole cost and expense, all labor and expertise necessary for the performance of the Manufacturing Services as well as all facilities, equipment, machinery and materials necessary to manufacture Products in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  3.2      Quality Assurance  .  All Quality Assurance activities shall be the responsibility of Alphatec.  Alphatec shall, with respect to each Manufacturing Facility, perform Quality Assurance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and as required pursuant to cGMP, the Act, the requirements of the FDA and other Governmental Authorities and all Applicable Laws, the Specifications, standard industry quality assurance procedures, and any additional manufacturing standards agreed to in writing by the Parties.  Alphatec shall notify Globus in writing of any significant trend changes in the statistical process control data or quality testing results.  In order to accomplish the foregoing, Alphatec shall: 
  (a)  Facilities; Records  .  Ensure that all facilities, cleaning, manufacturing and analytical processes are recorded appropriately and validated as required by cGMP.  All Quality Assurance activities shall be the responsibility of Alphatec.  Alphatec will routinely assemble and retain, or ensure the assembly and retention of, qualification documents and summary reports pertaining to the Quality Assurance and will provide copies thereof to Globus as reasonably requested. 
  (b)  Compliance with Regulations  .  Undertake the Manufacturing Services in accordance with all Applicable Laws and regulations and guidelines. 
  Without limitation of the foregoing, with respect to unused or reusable Products returned by Globus personnel or customers from the field (including Resale Products to the extent applicable), Globus shall be responsible for inspecting, repackaging, and relabeling such Products, in each case on behalf of Alphatec and in accordance with Alphatec s quality system and pursuant to Alphatec s procedures thereunder (the    Inspection Services   ).  Alphatec shall, within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, provide Globus with the following items, on a part-level and set-level basis, in order to enable Globus to perform the Inspection Services:  (i) receiving/inspection sheets defining the applicable inspection method, (ii) part/set drawings, and (iii) specialty testing gauges as well as the corresponding gauge drawings.  Alphatec shall also provide assistance to Globus in connection with the Inspection Services and Globus s adoption and implementation of Alphatec s quality system upon Globus s reasonable request therefor.   
  3.3      Product Compliance  .  All Products delivered to Globus by Alphatec hereunder shall be manufactured (including storing and shipping) and released according to, and in compliance with, (a) all Applicable Laws (including cGMPs) and the Regulatory Dossier for the applicable Product, (b) standard industry quality assurance procedures, (c) the Specifications, and (d) the provisions of this Agreement.  Furthermore, all Products delivered to Globus by Alphatec hereunder shall (i) not be misbranded or adulterated within the meaning of the Act or other Applicable Laws, (ii) be free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, (iii) with respect to those Products delivered to Globus by Alphatec hereunder that are subject to a Regulatory Dossier and which Regulatory Dossier includes a shelf-life, a remaining shelf life of at ninety percent (90%) of the shelf-life specified in the applicable Regulatory Dossier at the time of delivery to Globus, and (iv) shall be of merchantable quality and fit for the purposes intended to be used.  Alphatec hereby warrants as to the foregoing with respect to any and all Products supplied to Globus hereunder.  In the event of a breach of the foregoing warranty, Globus shall have recourse to the rights and remedies described in Article 6.   

3.4      Manufacturing Services; Exclusivity  .  Alphatec agrees that it shall not enter into any agreement with a Third Party that shall preclude it from performing its obligations under this Agreement.  Alphatec shall supply the Products for distribution in the Territory exclusively to Globus, its Affiliates or any Third Party or Alphatec Affiliate authorized by Globus in writing, and shall not manufacture or supply the Products to any Third Party or Alphatec Affiliate not authorized by Globus for distribution or use in the Territory.  
  3.5      Safety Stocks  .  Commencing three (3) months after the Effective Date and thereafter during the Term, Alphatec shall use Diligent Efforts to: (a) keep (which may be through its TPMs) a safety stock of at least [***] inventory of each Product, and (b) keep (which may be through its TPMs) at least [***] inventory of the materials necessary to manufacture each Product; in each of (a) and (b) above, based on the monthly average of quantities for such Product forecasted during the first six (6) months of the most recently updated Forecast.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to April 1, 2017, the requirement set forth in this Section 3.5 shall not apply with respect to any of the Products designated on Schedule 1.18 as part of the  Arsenal  family of Products, other than with respect to the Globus  forecasted demand for such  Arsenal  family of Products in Japan and the United Kingdom.  
  3.6      Allocation of Resources  .  In the event that Alphatec is unable, or anticipates being unable, to meet any Purchase Order (as may be amended) provided in compliance with Section 5.1 and 5.2, either in whole or in part, for any reason other than if solely and exclusively caused by Globus (a    Supply Failure   ) Alphatec shall promptly inform Globus in writing of such inability.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to April 1, 2017, a Supply Failure cannot exist with respect to any of the Products designated on Schedule 1.18 as part of the  Arsenal  family of Products, other than with respect to the Globus  Purchase Orders for such  Arsenal  family of Products that are to be used in Japan or the United Kingdom.  In the event that there is a Supply Failure or such Supply Failure is anticipated, Globus shall be allocated quantities of such materials and processing capacity on a basis at least as favourable to Globus as to Alphatec s other customers, Affiliates and/or its own requirements, collectively.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to January 1, 2017, the requirement set forth in this Section 3.6 with respect to resource allocation shall not apply with respect to any of the Products designated on Schedule 1.18 as part of the  Arsenal  family of Products, other than with respect to the Globus  demand for such  Arsenal  family of Products in Japan and the United Kingdom.   
  3.7      Supply Shortages  .  
  3.7.1      Discount  .  In addition to Section 3.6, if there is a Supply Failure or Alphatec fails to fulfil its supply obligations on a timely basis, the following discounts shall be applied to any affected Purchase Orders:  
  (a)  Delivery Date within fifteen (15) days after the due date: [***]% discount. 
  (b)  Delivery Date between sixteen (16) and thirty (30) days after the due date: [***]% discount. 
  (c)  Delivery Date between thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) days after the due date: [***]% discount. 
  (d)  Delivery Date more than sixty-one (61) days after the due date: [***]% discount.  
  3.7.2      Replacement Product  .  In addition, if Globus elects to obtain replacement product(s) from a Third Party supplier because Product(s) are not supplied under this Agreement due to a Supply Failure, Alphatec shall bear the difference in the price paid by Globus to such Third Party for such product(s) and the Price of such Product(s). 
  3.7.3      Exclusive Remedy  .  EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN ARTICLES 6 AND 10 AND THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, GLOBUS S SOLE REMEDY FOR ANY FAILURE BY ALPHATEC TO SUPPLY THE PRODUCTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 3.6, 3.7.1 AND 3.7.2. 
  3.8      Step-in Rights  .  At Globus s sole discretion and at any time following the Effective Date, and on a Product-by-Product basis, Globus has the right to source components for a Product directly from Alphatec s TPMs or other TPMs selected and qualified by Globus in its sole discretion, solely for resale in the Territory (a    Step-in Right   ).  If Globus exercises a Step-in Right for a Product, Alphatec shall instruct such TPM that it may sell such Product directly to Globus, and Alphatec shall provide sufficient assistance to enable production of such Product to be transitioned to such TPM, including by providing engineering drawings and other information necessary or helpful for such TPM to manufacture such Product. If Globus elects to source any Product components directly, Globus shall be responsible for managing all necessary Quality Systems obligations with respect to such Product, and Alphatec shall have no further obligation to supply such Product to Globus, provided that Alphatec shall be entitled to procure such Product on its own behalf. Should Globus elect to directly source any Product components, the Parties shall agree upon a technology transfer plan to ensure that, in such a case, the quality documents necessary for Globus to become responsible for the Quality Systems obligations, including the Device Master File, the Regulatory Dossier and any other applicable documents, each with respect to such Product, are promptly provided to Globus. Globus shall bear any third-party costs and expenses that might result from implementing the Step-in Right.  In all instances each of Globus and Alphatec shall ensure that the Step-in Right is conducted in accordance with Applicable Laws.        
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

3.9      License  .  Intellectual property licenses related to the manufacturing and supply of Products are set forth in Section 2.9 of the Acquisition Agreement. 
    
  ARTICLE 4 
  REGULATORY MATTERS AND AUDIT RIGHTS 
  4.1      Regulatory Matters  . 
  (a)  Maintenance of Consents  .  Alphatec holds all Consents necessary for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.  At all times, Alphatec shall, or shall cause its Affiliates or its TPMs to, maintain and comply with all the Consents which may from time to time be required to permit the performance of its then current obligations under this Agreement, including renewing any expiring registration for a Product that was in place on the Effective Date.  Nothing in this Agreement shall require Alphatec to seek a new Consent that does not exist on the Effective Date.  To the extent that Globus is deemed to be the owner of a Consent as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, Globus shall be responsible for maintaining such Consent, provided that Alphatec shall use Diligent Efforts to provide assistance to Globus to ensure that such Consent remains effective.  In the event any Consent held by Alphatec or any of Alphatec s TPMs related to Alphatec s or their respective ability to manufacture any Product is hereafter suspended or revoked, or threatened to be suspended or revoked, Alphatec shall promptly notify Globus in writing.  To the extent Alphatec will or has filed any device or other master files for such Product, Alphatec agrees to (i) maintain such master files in accordance with applicable Governmental Authority regulations, including filing of annual reports, and (ii) not amend such master files without prior written notice and approval of Globus, not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned.  
  (b)  Filing of New Consents  .  In the event that Globus decides to file for a new Consent (i.e., a Consent that does not exist on the Effective Date) anywhere in the Territory, and Globus desires Alphatec s assistance in connection therewith, Globus shall provide written notice thereof and the Parties shall promptly negotiate in good faith the terms and conditions under which Alphatec shall provide such assistance, including reasonable compensation to be provided to Alphatec.   
  (c)  Notification of Adverse Manufacturing Activities  .  Alphatec shall notify Globus within two (2) Business Days after becoming aware of any information arising out of the Manufacturing Services that has adverse quality impact or regulatory compliance, safety or potential reporting consequences or delivery schedule impact concerning any Product. 
  (d)  Governmental Authorities  .  Alphatec shall provide to Globus any information reasonably requested by Globus, and shall consult with Globus before providing any information to any Governmental Authority, in connection with the performance of the Manufacturing Services or the supply of Products hereunder.  Alphatec shall immediately advise Globus in writing of any requests by any Governmental Authority for inspections of any Manufacturing Facility. 
  (e)  Inspection by Governmental Authorities  .  In the event Alphatec or any TPM is audited or inspected by a Governmental Authority relating to a Manufacturing Facility, the Manufacturing Services, or any Product, Alphatec shall promptly (but in any event, within one (1) Business Day after becoming aware of such audit or inspection) notify Globus in writing of such audit or inspection, and shall promptly disclose to Globus all relevant portions of any notice of observations or potential violations, as well as a copy of Alphatec s response thereto.  Globus shall have the right to have two (2) representatives of Globus present at any such inspection as observers with respect to that portion of the inspection related to the Products or this Agreement; provided that in no event shall such inspection be delayed by Globus.  In addition, Alphatec will provide Globus with unredacted copies of inspection reports issued as a result of said audit and any follow-up written communications between Alphatec and the Governmental Authority.  Alphatec shall (i) permit, and shall cause its Affiliates and TPMs to permit, any relevant Governmental Authority to undertake such inspections and (ii) use its Diligent Efforts to correct all identified deficiencies in a timely manner and advise Globus periodically in writing of progress being made, as well as when all deficiencies have been corrected. 
  4.2      Manufacturing Matters  . 
  (a)  Changes Requested by Alphatec  . Alphatec shall not make any change for any reason whatsoever to any Product, Specifications, analytical methods, production equipment (other than like replacements), Product components (including their sources), packaging components, storage conditions, site(s) of the Manufacturing Facility(ies), shipment methods, or the Manufacturing Services, except as follows: 
  (i)  Alphatec has provided Globus with advance written notice of at least ninety (90) days, and such modification does not adversely affect form, fit, function or safety; provided, however, that at Globus s option, Alphatec shall continue to supply the unmodified version to Globus unless Alphatec is unable to supply such unmodified version because the modification was made in accordance with subsection (ii) below;  

(ii)  If such change is required by actions of the FDA or other Governmental Authority, or due to changes in Applicable Laws; or 
  (iii)  Alphatec has first consulted with Globus and has received Globus s express written acceptance.   
  (b)  Changes Requested by Globus  . Globus shall have the right to request changes to any Territory-only Product, including changes to the Specifications, analytical methods, production equipment (other than like replacements), Product components (including their sources), packaging components, storage conditions, site(s) of the Manufacturing Facility(ies), shipment methods, or the Manufacturing Services, and except as may be prohibited by Applicable Law, Alphatec shall use Diligent Efforts to implement such change, including without limitation through the use of Third Parties; provided, that the use of any such Third Party shall not relieve Alphatec of any of its obligations under this Agreement and Alphatec shall remain liable to Globus in accordance with this Agreement for any performance or non-performance of any such Third Party and Alphatec hereby expressly waives any requirement that Globus exhaust any right, power or remedy, or proceed against any such Third Party, for any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceeding directly against Alphatec.  Globus shall reimburse all internal and external costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Alphatec in implementing such requested changes.    
  (c)  Documentation for Governmental Authority Requirements  .  Alphatec, at its sole cost and expense, shall maintain complete and accurate documentation of all validation data, stability testing data, batch records, quality control and laboratory testing and any other data or records required under cGMPs and other requirements of any relevant Governmental Authority in connection with the performance of any Manufacturing Services hereunder for a period of five (5) years after such activities are completed, or such longer period as required by Applicable Law.  Alphatec, at its sole cost and expense, shall make such records available to Globus, as Globus may reasonably request, and shall also make these records available to any Governmental Authority, upon its request, and advise Globus in writing in a timely manner of such request.   
  4.3      Audit   Inspection  .   
  (a)  Globus reserves the right to audit, upon thirty (30) days written notice, Alphatec s and documentation, records, and facilities, not to exceed one (1) audit per Calendar Year unless such audit is a for-cause audit.  Alphatec is required to provide such entities access to documentation, records, facilities, equipment and all other areas essential to the audit, including those concerned with all phases of manufacturing, testing, packaging and shipping as they apply to this Agreement.  In addition, Globus may request that Alphatec audit each TPMs  documentation, records, and facilities, not to exceed one (1) audit of each TPM per Calendar Year unless such audit is a for-cause audit, and Alphatec shall include Globus s participation in any such audit by Alphatec, unless such inclusion is prohibited under the applicable TPM Agreement, in which case Alphatec shall use good faith efforts to obtain the permission of such TPM to include Globus in such audit. 
  (b)  Audits  .  Alphatec shall perform audits of each TPM and shall provide Globus with a summary report prepared in connection with any such audit as soon as reasonably practicable following such an audit s completion.  Additionally, upon Globus s reasonable request, Alphatec shall use Diligent Efforts to perform additional audits to investigate or resolve issues relating to any Products.  Globus shall have the right to have two (2) representatives of Globus, as observers, accompany Alphatec during any and all of Alphatec s audits of the TPMs to the extent such audit is related to any Product.   
  (c)  Notices  .  Without limitation of the foregoing, with respect to each TPM Agreement, Alphatec shall promptly notify Globus regarding any material developments with respect thereto that could materially adversely affect Globus or the supply of any Product, including any alleged breach thereof by Alphatec or the applicable TPM, any force majeure event thereunder affecting production of any Product, price increases thereunder, threatened or actual debarments of individuals implicated in performing thereunder, or any notices regarding contract termination or non-renewal thereof.    
    
  ARTICLE 5 
  PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS; DELIVERIES 
  5.1      Forecast  .  Within five (5) Business Days after the beginning of each calendar month during the term of this Agreement, Globus shall provide Alphatec with a rolling twelve (12) month, good faith estimate of the quantities of each Product that Globus foresees it will order from Alphatec during such twelve (12)-month period (each, a    Forecast   ).  The first three (3) months of each Forecast shall be binding and accompanied by a binding Purchase Order for such Forecasted number of each Product; provided that the quantities of each Product set forth in the binding portion of each Forecast will not exceed the quantities of each Product set forth in the prior Forecast for such time period by more than twenty percent (20%) for any Product.  All Forecasts shall be promptly amended to reflect any changes required due to changes in the Specifications pursuant to Section 4.2(a)(ii) or Section 4.2(b). 

5.2      Purchase Orders  . 
  (a)  Delivery of Purchase Order  .  All purchase orders Globus places with Alphatec for quantities of any Product to be delivered hereunder shall allow at least ninety (90) days before the delivery date specified in each respective purchase order (each, a    Purchase Order   ), except that those Products set forth on   Schedule 5.2(a)   shall be subject to the lead time set forth on   Schedule 5.2(a)  .  Alphatec shall deliver each Product against each Purchase Order in accordance with this Article 5.  Globus shall purchase all such Product ordered and delivered by the delivery date specified in a Purchase Order; provided that such Product meets the Specifications and other requirements of this Agreement.  Alphatec shall not be responsible for any late shipment of Product, to the extent that such late delivery is due to an act or omission of Globus s carrier.    
  (b)  Acceptance of Purchase Order  .  Alphatec shall acknowledge and provide Globus with a written acceptance of each Purchase Order within four (4) Business Days following Alphatec s receipt thereof.  Alphatec shall be entitled to reject only that portion of any Purchase Order which, when added to other Purchase Orders placed during a given twelve (12)-month period, exceed then current Forecast covering such period by more than twenty percent (20%); provided, however, that Alphatec shall use Diligent Efforts to supply any such excess quantity of Products ordered that exceeds the quantity in the Forecast.  For clarity, any failure by Alphatec to supply such excess quantity of Products shall not be deemed to be a Supply Failure for purpose of this Agreement.      In the event that Alphatec fails to acknowledge any given Purchase Order in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 5.2(b), each such Purchase Order shall be deemed to have been acknowledged and accepted by Alphatec.   
  (c)  Terms of Purchase Orders  .  Other than terms respecting quantity, delivery date(s), shipment method and destination(s), the terms and conditions of any Purchase Order submitted by Globus, or written acceptance thereof by Alphatec, shall be of no force and effect, whether or not objected to by Alphatec, and nothing in any such Purchase Order or written acceptance shall supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  All Purchase Orders shall be promptly amended to reflect any changes required due to changes in the Specifications pursuant to Section 4.2(a)(ii) or Section 4.2(b). 
  (d)  Initial Purchase Orders  .  The Parties acknowledge and agree that Globus shall be deemed to have submitted and Alphatec shall be deemed to have accepted (i) a Purchase Order for the Products set forth on   Schedule 5.2(d)   (the    First Purchase Order   ), to be delivered 30 days after the Effective Date and (ii) a Purchase Order for the Products set forth on   Schedule 5.2(d)   (the    Second Purchase Order   ), to be delivered 60 days after the Effective Date.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Products to be delivered pursuant to the First Purchase Order shall be delivered 30 days after the Effective Date, and the Products to be delivered pursuant to the Second Purchase Order shall be delivered 60 days after the Effective Date. 
  5.3      Shipping and Delivery Dates  .  On each Purchase Order submitted by Globus, Globus shall specify the requested quantity, delivery date(s), shipment method and destination(s) of each Product being ordered.  Alphatec shall arrange for the delivery of such Products to Globus s (or its designee s) designated facilities as stated on the Purchase Order and in a manner consistent with good commercial practices, and in accordance with any agreed-upon shipping specifications, including using the carrier identified in a given Purchase Order.  Globus will bear all shipping and freight costs, which will be added to the invoice for each Purchase Order. 
  5.4      Delivery Terms  .  The terms of delivery for the Products shall be FCA (Incoterms 2010) to the carrier designated by Globus.  Title and risk of loss shall pass to Globus upon delivery to the carrier s vehicle for shipment and the manufacturing site.  Globus shall bear the cost and expense of insuring all shipments.  Globus shall be responsible for clearing shipments for export, if applicable. Alphatec will act in accordance with all instructions provided by Globus to Alphatec from time to time with respect to shipping and handling.  All Products shall be properly prepared for safe and lawful shipment by Alphatec.  Alphatec will be responsible for the custody, maintenance and storage of such Products prior to delivery to the carrier designated by Globus.      
  5.5      Accompanying Documentation  .  With each shipment of Products, Alphatec shall provide Globus with commercially appropriate shipping documentation, including bills of lading, and with such certificates of analysis and other appropriate documentation identifying the applicable batch numbers, indicating conformance of the shipment with the Specifications, cGMPs, and all regulatory standards, and, at Globus s request, Alphatec shall provide Globus with reasonable access to any applicable supporting data.  Globus shall be under no obligation to accept any shipment of Products for which Alphatec has not provided appropriate shipping documentation or as to which Globus reasonably believes such tendered Products do not comply with the then-current Specifications. 

5.6      Returns  . Globus has the right to return Products supplied hereunder to Alphatec, at no cost, if the return resulted from either (1) recall, field correction or market withdrawal with respect to such Products or (2) non-conformance, defect or malfunction of such Products; provided that such recall, field correction, market withdrawal, non-conformance, defect, or malfunction is not caused by or Globus or Globus s affiliates, distributors, or agents (for clarity, not including Alphatec or any of  

its affiliates, distributors, or agents). The transportation costs that Globus incurs in connection with any returns under this Section 5.6 shall be reimbursed by Alphatec promptly following Alphatec s receipt of an invoice therefor. 
  5.7      Resale  . 
  (a)  Globus shall have the right to resell to Alphatec any Products supplied hereunder that are re-sellable outside of the Territory (   Resale Program   , and such Products,    Resale Products   ) at a resale price equal to [***] of the Price for each such Product (   Resale Price   ).  At any time, Globus may provide written notice to Alphatec initiating the Resale Program and shall also have the right to terminate (and subsequently restart if Globus so desires) the Resale Program at any time upon written notice to Alphatec.  While the Resale Program is in effect, Alphatec shall give priority to Globus as its supplier of Products and Alphatec shall comply with Section 5.7(b) before purchasing Products from any other supplier.  For purposes of this Section 5.7(a),  re-sellable  means that the Resale Products comply with the Specifications, to the extent applicable.   
  (b)  In the event that Globus initiates the Resale Program, on a monthly basis (or Alphatec s other standard order cycle) Alphatec shall provide to Globus a list of inventory of Products it intends to purchase prior to Alphatec placing purchase orders with its suppliers for such Products.  Within three days of Globus s receipt of each such notice, Globus shall respond to the list of inventory with the quantities of the part numbers comprising the inventory of Products that Globus will resell to Alphatec.  Within seven days of providing such response, Globus shall ship such Resale Product inventory to Alphatec.   
  (c)  Sections 5.4, 7.2, 7.4 and 7.5 shall apply   mutatis mutandis   to Globus s supply of Resale Products to Alphatec; provided, that, in connection with the Resale Program, references in such Sections to  Globus  shall be deemed references to  Alphatec,  references to  Alphatec  shall be deemed references to  Globus  and references to  Product  shall be deemed references to  Resale Product . 
    
  ARTICLE 6 
  INSPECTION AND DEFECTIVE SUBJECT PRODUCTS;  
  PRODUCT RECALL 
  6.1      Inspection by Alphatec  .  Prior to shipping any Product to Globus, Alphatec shall be responsible for the performance of all final release procedures required by Applicable Law in order to enable sale and distribution of such Product to end-users, including all applicable quality control procedures (including ensuring that such Product is released by a  Qualified Person  (as defined by Applicable Law) and the provisions of this Agreement including Section 3.3), as well as such procedures as are otherwise required by the Specifications and the Regulatory Dossier.  Alphatec shall notify Globus in writing of any non-conforming Products immediately following Alphatec s discovery thereof and Section 6.4(d) below shall apply. 
  6.2      Testing and Acceptance by Globus  .  Within sixty (60) days following its receipt of a shipment of any Products and all quality assurance documentation, Globus or its authorized contractor may perform additional testing, acceptance and quality control procedures to determine if such Products conform to the Specifications and the Regulatory Dossier.  Globus shall promptly notify Alphatec in writing of any damages, shortage and other defects discovered by Globus or its authorized contractor, following Globus s discovery thereof.      
  6.3      Latent Defects  .  In the case of Products with defects or non-conformances not readily discoverable prior to the shipment of such Products to Globus, or thereafter within the time period specified in Section 6.2, each Party shall notify the other Party of any such defects or non-conformances discovered by such Party promptly following such Party s discovery thereof. 
  6.4      Defective Products  . 
  (a)  Rejection by Globus  .  In any case where Globus expects to reject or otherwise make a claim against Alphatec with respect to damaged, non-conforming or otherwise defective Products, Alphatec shall be offered a reasonable opportunity to offer proof or evidence as to why such Products should not be rejected and to inspect such Products or test the Products. 
  (a)  Testing of Retention Samples  .  In the event of any dispute as to whether Products may be rightfully rejected by Globus, such Products shall be tested by an independent testing organization mutually acceptable to both Parties for conformance with the applicable Specifications and consents. The conclusion of such independent testing organization shall be binding on Alphatec and Globus solely for the purpose of determining whether such Products may be rightfully rejected as non-conforming, damaged or otherwise defective.  The fees and expenses charged by such independent testing organization shall be paid by the Party in error. 
  (b)  Disposal of Rejected Products  .  All or part of any shipment of Products determined to have been rightfully rejected by Globus shall be held by Globus for a period of thirty (30) days following notice to Alphatec for proper  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

disposal by Alphatec, at Alphatec s expense in accordance with Applicable Law.  If Alphatec does not provide instructions for disposal of the Products within such period, then Globus may dispose of such Products and Alphatec shall either pay or reimburse Globus for all costs and expenses incurred by Globus in connection with the disposal of such Products.  If Alphatec is still in possession of the Products at the time Globus rejects such Products as non-conforming, Alphatec shall be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for the destruction, in compliance with all Applicable Laws, of any such non-conforming Products. 
  (c)  Remedies  .  In the event Globus receives Products from Alphatec that are non-conforming or otherwise defective, in addition to any other rights or remedies it may have under this Agreement or at law or in equity, Globus may elect for Alphatec to replace such non-conforming or otherwise defective Products with an equal quantity of Products that conform to the Specifications and are not otherwise defective or refund the purchase price for the quantity of such defective Products.  If Globus requests Alphatec to replace such non-conforming or otherwise defective Products as set forth above, Alphatec, at no additional cost to Globus, shall replace such Products as soon as is reasonably possible, but in no event more than three (3) months after such Products have been rejected unless such Products are on a long lead time schedule as described in Section 5.2(a).   
  6.5      Recalls  .  In the event of any recall of any Product arising from a breach by Alphatec of this Agreement, including the failure of Alphatec or the TPMs to manufacture such Product in accordance with the Specifications, Applicable Laws, cGMPs, regulatory standards, and this Agreement, Alphatec shall be responsible for all costs of Globus and its contractors, distributors or agents associated with implementing any such recall; and, for clarity, Sections 3.6 and 3.7 shall apply with respect to any corresponding supply shortage and any replacement by Globus of such recalled Products. 
  Without limiting any other remedies available to Globus, Alphatec shall either (a) supply Products, without charge to Globus, in an amount sufficient to replace the number of Products recalled within a time period to be agreed with Globus; or (b) refund to Globus the amounts paid by Globus for Products so recalled or seized.   
    
  ARTICLE 7 
  PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
  7.1      Supply Price  .  Alphatec shall supply each Product under this Agreement to Globus in an amount equal to the Price; provided that such Prices shall be subject to any applicable discounts set forth in Section 3.7 and increases or decreases if the TPM(s) increase or decrease the price to manufacture such product; provided, that in no event shall any price for any Product increase or decrease (a) more than one time during any twelve (12) month period or (b) in an amount that exceeds [***] of the Price during the twelve (12) months preceding any such price increase.  Alphatec shall not increase the price for any Product without providing Globus with reasonable documentation that price increases from TPM(s) justify such price increase.      In the event of any such Price change, Alphatec shall provide appropriate supporting document with respect thereto promptly following Globus s request therefor.   
   
  7.2      Method of Payment  .   
  7.2.1    At the time of each shipment of Products hereunder, Alphatec shall invoice Globus, and Globus shall pay such undisputed invoices within thirty (30) days following the Delivery Date of such Products.  Each invoice shall specify the Purchase Order number to which it corresponds.   
  7.2.2    The Parties acknowledge and agree that Alphatec, in partial consideration for the Purchase Agreement, hereby grants Globus a credit equal to $3,900,000 for Product purchases under this Agreement ( Credit ).  Globus may pay any given invoice (including in connection with the First Purchase Order or the Second Purchase Order), in its entirety or partially, through the Credit until the earlier of (a) the Credit being exhausted or (b) the date that is two hundred ten (210) days after the Effective Date; provided, that Globus may not (i) use the Credit to pay an invoice during the first thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, or (ii) use more than one-half of the Credit from the thirty-first (31st) day after the Effective Date through the one hundred twentieth (120th) day after the Effective Date.  In the event that Globus uses the Credit to pay for any given invoice, Globus shall provide a written accounting to Alphatec indicating the portion of such invoice being satisfied through the Credit and the amount of the Credit remaining.   
  7.3      Reimbursement of Third Party Payments  .  Alphatec shall deliver, within ninety (90) days of the end of each calendar quarter, to Globus a report setting forth the amounts paid by Alphatec under any In-Bound License (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) with respect to Products that are exclusively sold outside the United States.  Globus shall reimburse Alphatec such amounts within thirty (30) days after delivery of each such invoice.   
  7.4      United States Dollars  .  All sales and payments shall be made in United States Dollars and all dollar ($) amounts specified in this Agreement are United States dollar amounts.   
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

7.5      Taxes  .  All taxes relating to the supply of Products hereunder required to be paid to any supranational, federal, state, territorial or local authority, including any sales, VAT, use, or excise taxes, shall be borne by Globus; provided, however, that for purposes of clarity, any income taxes based upon Alphatec s income shall be borne by Alphatec.  Official receipts indicating proof of payment of any such taxes shall be secured and made available to Globus upon request as evidence of payment. 
    
  ARTICLE 8 
  CONFIDENTIALITY 
  8.1      Definition of Confidential Information  .     Confidential Information    means all know-how (and all tangible and intangible embodiments thereof), and all other secret, confidential or proprietary information, data or materials, whether provided in written, oral, graphic, video, computer or other form, which is owned or controlled by a Party and is disclosed or made available by such Party or an Affiliate of such Party to the other Party or an Affiliate of such other Party pursuant to this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that: 
  (a)  was known or used by the receiving Party or such Party s Affiliates prior to its date of disclosure to the receiving Party as demonstrated by appropriate evidence; or  
  (b)  either before or after the date of the disclosure to the receiving Party or the receiving Party s Affiliate is lawfully disclosed to the receiving Party or any of such Party s Affiliates by sources other than the disclosing Party rightfully in possession of such know-how and not bound by confidentiality obligations to the disclosing Party; or 
  (c)  either before or after the date of the disclosure to the receiving Party or any of such Party s Affiliates is or becomes published or otherwise is or becomes part of the public knowledge, through no breach hereof on the part of the receiving Party or such Party s Affiliates; or 
  (d)  is independently developed by or for the receiving Party or any of such Party s Affiliates without reference to or reliance upon the Confidential Information of the disclosing Party as demonstrated by appropriate convincing evidence. 
  8.2      Confidentiality and Non-Use Obligations  .  Each Party agrees that all Confidential Information disclosed to such Party or any of such Party s Affiliates by the other Party or an Affiliate of such other Party (a) shall not be used by the receiving Party or such Party s Affiliates except in connection with the activities contemplated by this Agreement or in order to further the purposes of this Agreement (including activities in connection with the Purchase Agreement) and (b) shall be maintained in confidence by the receiving Party and such Party s Affiliates, with a degree of care that is not less than the receiving Party typically exercises with respect to its own Confidential Information of a similar nature and in any case with not less than reasonable care.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2, either Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party to Persons to which such Party is required to make such disclosure by Applicable Law, regulation or legal process, including (x) by the rules or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ) or similar regulatory agency in a country other than the United States or of any stock exchange or other securities trading institution and (y) to the extent necessary to exercise the rights granted to or retained by the receiving Party or fulfil obligations under this Agreement; provided that, in each case such Party shall provide prior notice of such intended disclosure to such other Party if possible under the circumstances and shall disclose only such Confidential Information of such other Party as is reasonably required to be disclosed. 
  8.3      Disclosures to Employees, Consultants, Advisors, Etc  .  Each Party agrees that such Party and such Party s Affiliates shall provide Confidential Information received from the other Party only to the receiving Party s respective employees, directors, consultants, advisors, potential partners, and to the employees, directors, consultants and advisors of the receiving Party s Affiliates, solely under conditions of confidentiality and non-use at least as stringent as the conditions imposed by this Agreement, provided that each Party shall remain responsible for any failure by such Party s and such Party s Affiliates  respective employees, consultants, advisors, to treat such information and materials as required under Section 8.2. 
  8.4      Disclosure of Provisions of Agreement  . 
  (a)  Each Party agrees to hold as confidential the terms of this Agreement, except that (i) each Party shall have the right to disclose such terms to investors, potential investors, business partners, potential business partners, lenders, potential lenders, acquirers, potential acquirers, investment bankers and other Third Parties in connection with licensing, financing and acquisition activities, provided that any such Third Party has entered into a written obligation with the disclosing Party to treat such information and materials as confidential which is at least as stringent as the conditions imposed by this Agreement (and each Party shall remain responsible for any failure by any of the foregoing Persons, to whom a receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information, to treat such information and materials as required under Section 8.2) and (ii) each Party shall have the right to disclose such terms as required by Applicable Law, regulation or legal process, including by the rules or regulations of the SEC or similar regulatory agency in a country other than the United States or of any stock exchange or other  

securities trading institution; provided that the Party subject to such disclosure requirement shall, if reasonably practicable under the circumstances, provide the other Party with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment in advance on the disclosing Party s proposed disclosure and such disclosing Party shall consider in good faith any comments thereon provided by the other Party. 
  (b)  In the event that this Agreement shall be included in any report, statement or other document filed by either Party or an Affiliate of either Party with the SEC or similar regulatory agency in a country other than the United States or any stock exchange or other securities trading institution, such Party shall use, or shall cause such Party s Affiliate, as the case may be, to use, Diligent Efforts to obtain confidential treatment from the SEC, similar regulatory agency, stock exchange or other securities trading institution of any financial information or other information of a competitive or confidential nature, and shall include in such confidentiality request such provisions of this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by the other Party.  
    
  ARTICLE 9 
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  9.1      Representations of Authority  .  Alphatec and Globus, each for itself and its Affiliates, represent and warrant to the other Party as of the Effective Date: 
  (a)  except as otherwise identified in writing and delivered to the other Party prior to the Effective Date, the execution, delivery to the other Party and performance by it of this Agreement and its compliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement do not and will not conflict, in any material respect, with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms or provisions of: (i) any other contractual obligations of such Party; (ii) the provisions of its charter, operating documents or bylaws; or (iii) any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority entered against it or by which it or any of its property is bound except where such breach or conflict would not materially impact the warranting Party s ability to meet its obligations hereunder; 
  (b)  this Agreement is a legal and valid obligation binding upon such Party and enforceable in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights and (ii) equitable principles of general applicability; 
  (c)  such Party is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions hereof except where failure to be in good standing would not materially impact the Party s ability to meet its obligations hereunder; 
  (d)  such Party is duly authorized, by all requisite corporate action, to execute and deliver this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party does not require any shareholder action or approval, and the person executing this Agreement on behalf of such Party is duly authorized to do so by all requisite corporate action; 
  (e)  no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental authority is required on the part of such Party in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except where the failure to obtain any of the foregoing would not have a material adverse impact on the ability of such Party to meet its obligations hereunder; and  
  (f)  neither Party (and no Person working for such Party) involved in the development, manufacture or commercialization of the Products has been (i) debarred, disqualified or excluded by the FDA (or subject to a similar sanction by any other applicable Governmental Authority) or (ii) the subject of an FDA or other Governmental Authority debarment, disqualification or exclusion investigation or proceeding (or similar proceeding by any other applicable regulatory authority), and each Party shall immediately notify the other in the event that it or any Person working for such Party should become debarred, disqualified or excluded or the subject of an FDA or other Governmental Authority debarment, disqualification or exclusion investigation or proceeding. 
  9.2      No Presumption Against Drafter  .  Each Party represents that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof.  In interpreting and applying the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply against the Party which drafted such terms and provisions. 

9.3      Representations of Alphatec  .  Alphatec represents and warrants to Globus that: 
  (a)  All Products shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship, shall be fit for the purpose for which it is intended and shall not be adulterated or misbranded; 
  (b)  All Products shall be manufactured in accordance with the Specifications, the Regulatory Dossier, cGMP, all Applicable Laws, regulatory standards, this Agreement, the requirements of any relevant Governmental Authority and any further design, manufacturing, packaging or other standards agreed in writing by the Parties; and 
  (c)  The ownership and operation of each Manufacturing Facility shall be in material compliance with cGMPs and all Applicable Laws (including the receipt and possession of all applicable permits and authorizations, including a current drug establishment registration with all Governmental Authorities), and any further formulating, manufacturing, labeling and packaging, or other standards agreed in writing by the Parties. 
  9.4      No Other Warranties  .  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS OR ANY PARTY S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 
    
  ARTICLE 10 
  INDEMNIFICATION OF THIRD PARTY CLAIMS; INSURANCE;  
  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
  10.1      Indemnification by Globus  .  Globus agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Alphatec and Alphatec s Affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents (   Alphatec Indemnitees   ) from and against any liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses arising out of any Third Party claim relating to (a) any breach by Globus of any of its representations, warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement or (b) Globus s or its Affiliates  negligent (or more culpable act or omission) or violation of Applicable Laws or regulations in connection with this Agreement;     provided, however  ,   that Globus will not be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless Alphatec Indemnitees from any such liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses to the extent that such liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses have resulted from the negligent (or more culpable) act or omission of a Alphatec Indemnitee or from any breach by Alphatec of any of its representations, warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement or a Alphatec Indemnitee s violation of Applicable Laws or regulations. 
  10.2      Indemnification by Alphatec  .  Alphatec agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Globus and Globus s Affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents (   Globus Indemnitees   ) from and against any liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses arising out of any Third Party claim relating to (a) any breach by Alphatec (or its Affiliates or TPMs) of any of Alphatec s representations, warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement, provided that, with respect to any alleged breach of Alphatec s obligation to manufacture and supply Product in compliance with the Specifications, cGMP and Applicable Laws, including alleged breach of Section 9.3, this Section 10.2 shall apply solely with respect to Third Party claims alleging product liability, (b) Alphatec s or its Affiliates  or TPMs  negligent (or more culpable act or omission) or violation of Applicable Laws or regulations in connection with this Agreement, (c) any Third Party claims alleging product liability, or (d) any claim brought against Globus by customers or wholesalers of Globus pursuant to any agreements (i) that have been assigned by Alphatec to Globus pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (provided that such agreements have not been amended after such assignment in a manner that would increase potential liability to Alphatec under this Section 10.2) or (ii) entered into by Globus after the Effective Date (provided that such agreements contain a limitation of liability clause and a force majeure clause that are substantially similar to those contained in the agreements that have been assigned by Alphatec to Globus pursuant to the Purchase Agreement), to the extent such claims allege lost profits as a result of Globus s failure to supply Product to such customers or wholesalers pursuant to such agreements solely to the extent such failure to supply is caused by a Supply Failure; provided, however, that Alphatec will not be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless Globus Indemnitees from any such liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses to the extent that such liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses have resulted from the negligent (or more culpable) act or omission of a Globus Indemnitee or from a breach by Globus of any of its representations, warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement or a Globus Indemnitee s violation of Applicable Laws or regulations. 
  10.3      Claims for Indemnification  .  A Person entitled to indemnification under this Article 10 (an    Indemnified Party   ) shall give prompt written notification to the Person from whom indemnification is sought (the    Indemnifying Party   ) of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding relating to a Third Party claim for which indemnification may be sought or, if earlier, upon the assertion of any such claim by a Third Party (it being understood and agreed, however, that the failure by an Indemnified Party to give notice of a Third Party claim as provided in this Section 10.3 shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligation under this Agreement except and only to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is actually  

damaged as a result of such failure to give notice).  Within fourteen (14) days after delivery of such notification, the Indemnifying Party may, upon written notice thereof to the Indemnified Party, assume control of the defense of such action, suit, proceeding or claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party.  If the Indemnifying Party does not assume control of such defense, the Indemnified Party shall control such defense and, without limiting the Indemnifying Party s indemnification obligations, the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for all reasonable costs, including attorney fees, incurred by the Indemnified Party in defending itself within thirty (30) days after receipt of any invoice therefore from the Indemnified Party.  The Party not controlling such defense may participate therein at its own expense; provided that, if the Indemnifying Party assumes control of such defense and the Indemnified Party in good faith concludes, based on advice from counsel, that the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have conflicting interests with respect to such action, suit, proceeding or claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Party in connection therewith.  The Party controlling such defense shall keep the other Party advised of the status of such action, suit, proceeding or claim and the defense thereof and shall consider recommendations made by the other Party with respect thereto.  The Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement of such action, suit, proceeding or claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.  The Indemnifying Party shall not agree to any settlement of such action, suit, proceeding or claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof that does not include a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from all liability with respect thereto, that imposes any liability or obligation on the Indemnified Party or that acknowledges fault by the Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  
  10.4      TPM Indemnification  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that they shall coordinate with one another regarding any indemnification claims asserted against any TPM with respect to any Product supplied under this Agreement and any recoveries with respect thereto by Globus from such TPM shall count as recoveries from Alphatec for purposes of Alphatec s indemnification obligations to Globus hereunder (i.e., Globus shall not be permitted to separately recover from both Alphatec and a TPM for the same Third Party liability amounts). 
  10.5      Insurance  .  During the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, each Party shall maintain insurance with an insurance company that has an A.M. Best rating of A- or better, and that is reasonable and prudent in light of prevailing market practices, and other relevant factors, but in no event shall such insurance coverage include less than General Commercial Liability Insurance and umbrella with combined limits of not less than $3M/occurrence.  Globus shall be named as an additional insured under Alphatec s policies.  Upon a Party s request, the other Party shall provide to such Party a certificate of insurance showing that such insurance is in place.  Neither Party shall cancel or amend its insurance policies such that such policy will be inconsistent with the requirements set forth in the first sentence of this Section 10.5 without the other Party s prior written consent.  In no event shall this Section 10.5 in any way limit or be considered a waiver of either Party s liability with respect to its indemnification or other obligations under this Agreement.  
  10.6      Limitation of Liability  . IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY SUCH PARTY FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ARISING FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE OR IF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 10.6 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 10.1 OR 10.2 OR ANY CLAIMS OF A PARTY S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 8.  
   
  ARTICLE 11 
  TERM; TERMINATION 
  11.1      Term  .  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Article 11, the initial term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years. Subject to Globus continuing to make purchases of Products during the applicable additional renewed year equal to at least [***] of the total Products purchased during the final twelve (12) months of the Term (i.e., the original Term and prior to any extension thereof), Globus may renew this Agreement for up to two (2) additional twelve (12) month periods by written notice to Alphatec no less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial or subsequent term, as applicable (collectively, the initial term and any subsequent terms, the    Term   ).   
  11.2      Termination for Convenience  . Globus may terminate this Agreement for any reason or no reason upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to Alphatec.  

11.3      Termination for Breach  .  Upon a material breach of this Agreement by a Party (the    Breaching Party   ), the other Party (the    Non-Breaching Party   ) may terminate this Agreement for by providing ninety (90) days  written notice to the Breaching Party, and the termination shall become effective with respect to any material breach, or any combination of breaches that in aggregate is material, at the end of the notice period unless the Breaching Party cures such breach(es) during such notice period.  
  11.4      Expiration; Termination; Consequences  .   
  (a)  Fulfilment and Acceptance of Purchase Orders  .  Alphatec shall be obligated to fulfil any Purchase Orders submitted prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Globus shall be obligated to pay any outstanding and undisputed invoices, and to accept and pay for any Products set forth in any Purchase Orders (following delivery thereof) submitted prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement, as well as any of the following safety stock and inventory required to be held by Alphatec pursuant to Section 3.5:  (i) Products that are not part of Alphatec s then-current line of products within its existing business and are not then being sold by Alphatec outside the Territory or (ii) Products manufactured in accordance with the Rolling Forecasts that have less than ninety percent (90%) shelf life as a result of Globus s failure to purchase such Product. 
  (b)  Cooperation  .  Alphatec agrees that at any time following the expiration or earlier termination (other than termination by Alphatec pursuant to Section 11.3) of this Agreement, Alphatec shall, at the request of Globus, transfer to Globus or a Third Party designated by Globus, all technical information as reasonably related to the Manufacturing Services or the testing of Products, and provide such other information and cooperation as is reasonably requested by Globus. 
  (c)  Accrued Rights; Surviving Obligations  .  Termination, relinquishment or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice to any rights that shall have accrued to the benefit of any Party prior to such termination, relinquishment or expiration.  Such termination, relinquishment or expiration shall not relieve any Party from obligations which are expressly or by implication intended to survive termination, relinquishment or expiration of this Agreement and shall not affect or prejudice any provision of this Agreement which is expressly or by implication provided to come into effect on, or continue in effect after, such termination, relinquishment or expiration.  The following provisions shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement in its entirety, and, any other provisions, which by their terms or by the context thereof, are intended to survive such expiration or termination, shall also survive:  Articles 1, 7, 8, 10, 12, and 13 and Sections 4.1(b), 4.1(c), 4.1(e), 5.6, 6.4, 6.5, and 11.4 (as applicable). 
  (d)  Rights in Bankruptcy  .  In the event of the bankruptcy of Alphatec, Globus, in addition to the rights, power and remedies expressly provided herein, shall be entitled to exercise all other such rights and powers and resort to all other such remedies as may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity (including under the US Bankruptcy Code and any similar laws in any other country in the Territory). 
  (e)  Discontinuation of Use; Return of Confidential Information  .  Except for rights granted pursuant to this Section 11.4, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, each Party will discontinue use of the other Party s Confidential Information and will return to the other Party (unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the Parties and except for one copy for archival purposes only) within thirty (30) days after the effective date of expiration or termination all physical embodiments of any of the other Party s Confidential Information, that were provided by such other Party under this Agreement; provided, however, that each Party shall have the right to retain one copy of such Confidential Information in its confidential files to the extent retention of such Confidential Information is required by Applicable Laws and to shall not be required to destroy any computer records or files containing Confidential Information of the other Party that have been created pursuant to automatic archiving and back-up procedures and cannot be reasonably deleted; provided that any such copies shall be subject to Article 8.   

ARTICLE 12 
  GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 
  12.1      Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be construed and the respective rights of the Parties determined according to the substantive laws of the State of Delaware notwithstanding any provisions governing conflict of laws under such Delaware law to the contrary and without giving effect to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the national intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question. 
  12.2      Jurisdiction  .  Each Party (a) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any United States District Court and state court sitting in the State of Delaware (collectively, the    Courts   ), for purposes of any action, suit or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement, and (b) agrees not to raise any objection at any time to the laying or maintaining of the venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in any of the Courts, irrevocably waives any claim that such action, suit or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably waives the right to object, with respect to such action, suit or other proceeding, that such Court does not have any jurisdiction over such Party. 
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

12.3      Injunctive Relief  .  Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the other Party may be irreparably damaged if obligations hereunder of such other Party are not performed by such other Party in accordance with their specific terms.  Each Party acknowledges and agrees that any breach of, or failure to perform or comply with, any such obligations by the applicable Party may not be adequately compensated in all cases by monetary damages alone.  Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to enforce such obligations by seeking in any action, suit or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement an award of specific performance and/or other equitable relief. 
  12.4      No Limitation  .  Nothing in Section 12.2 shall be construed as limiting in any way the right of a Party to seek an injunction with respect to any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement in any court of competent jurisdiction.  Should any Party seek an injunction, then for purposes of determining whether to grant such injunction, the dispute underlying the request for such injunction may be heard by the court in which such action or proceeding is brought. 
    
  ARTICLE 13 
  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  
  13.1      Assignment  .  This Agreement (and, except as set forth herein, the rights and obligations herein) may not be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided that each Party shall have the right to assign this Agreement to (i) any of its Affiliates or (ii) any successor in interest (whether by merger, acquisition, asset purchase, change of control, operation of law or otherwise) to all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, in each case without the prior written consent of the other Party. 
  13.2      Entire Agreement; Amendments  .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral, between the Parties, excluding the Purchase Agreement.  Any amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be made in a written agreement that explicitly refers to this Agreement and that is signed by both Parties. 
  13.3      Notices  . 
  Notices to Alphatec shall be addressed to: 
  Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  5818 El Camino Real 
  Carlsbad, CA 92008 
  Attn: Ebun S. Garner 
  egarner@alphatecspine.com 
  Facsimile: (760) 431-9083 
  With copies to: 
  Latham   Watkins LLP 
  12670 High Bluff Drive 
  San Diego, CA 92130 
  Attn: Scott N. Wolfe 
  Matthew T. Bush 
  Facsimile: (858) 523-5450 
  Email: scott.wolfe@lw.com 
  matt.bush@lw.com 
  Notices to Globus shall be addressed to: 
  Globus Medical Ireland Limited 
  Valley Forge Business Center 
  2560 General Armistead Avenue 
  Audubon, PA 19403 
  Attn:  Anthony Williams 
  Facsimile:  (610) 930-1667 
  Email: awilliams@globusmedical.com 
  With copy to: 
  Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP 
  1701 Market Street 
  Philadelphia, PA  19103-29219 

Attn: Benjamin R. Wills 
  Facsimile:  (215) 963-5001 
  Email: benjamin.wills@morganlewis.com 
  Any Party may change its address by giving notice to the other Party in the manner herein provided.  Any notice required or provided for by the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be (a) sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (b) sent via a reputable overnight courier service, (c) sent by facsimile transmission with an original following the same day via a reputable overnight courier service or (d) personally delivered, in each case properly addressed in accordance with the paragraph above.  The effective date of notice shall be the actual date of receipt by the Party receiving the same. 
  13.4      Compliance with Laws  .  Each Party agrees to comply with all Applicable Laws and best industry practices in performance of its obligations hereunder. 
  13.5      English Language  .  All reports and notices provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be in the English language. 
  13.6      Force Majeure  .  No failure or omission by the Parties in the performance of any obligation of this Agreement shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability if the same shall arise from any cause or causes beyond the control of the Parties, including the following: acts of God; fire; storm; flood; earthquake; accident; war; rebellion; insurrection; riot; and invasion and provided that such failure or omission resulting from one of the above causes is cured as soon as is practicable after the occurrence of one or more of the above-mentioned causes. 
  13.7      Independent Contractors  .  It is understood and agreed that the relationship between the Parties hereunder is that of independent contractors and that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as authorization for either Alphatec or Globus to act as agent for the other. 
  13.8      Headings and Interpretation  .  The captions or headings of the sections or other subdivisions hereof are inserted only as a matter of convenience or for reference and shall have no effect on the meaning of the provisions hereof.  Unless the context of this Agreement clearly requires otherwise, (a) references to the plural include the singular, the singular the plural, the part the whole, (b) references to any gender include all genders, (c)  or  has the inclusive meaning frequently identified with the phrase  and/or,  (d)  including  has the inclusive meaning frequently identified with the phrase  including but not limited to  or  including without limitation,  and (e) references to  hereunder ,  herein ,  hereto  or  hereof  relate to this Agreement. 
  13.9      No Implied Waivers; Rights Cumulative  .  No failure on the part of Alphatec or Globus to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement, or provided by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise, shall impair, prejudice or constitute a waiver of any such right, power, remedy or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any breach of this Agreement or as an acquiescence therein.  No right, power, remedy or privilege herein conferred upon or reserved to a Party is intended to be exclusive of any other right, power, remedy or privilege, and each and every right, power, remedy and privilege of a Party pursuant to this Agreement or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity shall to the extent permitted by law be cumulative, concurrent and in addition to every other right, power, remedy or privilege pursuant to this Agreement or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity. 
  13.10      Severability  .  If, under Applicable Law or regulation, any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, or otherwise directly or indirectly affects the validity of any other provision(s) of this Agreement (such invalid or unenforceable provision, a    Severed Clause   ), this Agreement shall endure except for the Severed Clause.  The Parties shall consult one another and use reasonable efforts to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute for the Severed Clause in view of the intent of this Agreement. 
  13.11      Performance by Affiliates  .  To the extent that this Agreement imposes obligations on Affiliates of a Party, such Party agrees to cause such Party s Affiliates to perform such obligations.  In addition, in the event of any litigation between Globus and/or any Affiliate of Globus, on the one hand, and Alphatec and/or any Affiliate of Alphatec, on the other hand, arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each Party agrees that such Party shall, and shall cause all such Affiliates of such Party to, promptly comply with discovery requirements, including requirements regarding the production of documents and the providing of witnesses (and such Party shall be obliged to assemble necessary information and provide witnesses if requested to testify on behalf of such Party and/or any such Affiliate of such Party regarding designated matters), imposed by the court in such litigation or otherwise imposed under Applicable Law or regulation. 
  13.12      Execution in Counterparts; Facsimile and PDF Signatures  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument even if both Parties have not executed the same counterpart.  Signatures provided by facsimile transmission or  PDF  electronic transmission shall be deemed to be original signatures. 

[Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 
    
  By:/S/ Ebun Garner     
  Name:    Ebun Garner 
  Title:    General Counsel SVP 

GLOBUS MEDICAL IRELAND, LTD. 
    
  By: /S/ Daniel Thomas Scavilla                         
  Name:    Daniel Thomas Scavilla                         
  Title:    Director                         

Schedule 1.18 
  List of Products and Prices 
    
  See attached. 

Schedule 2.1 
  Third Party Manufacturers 
    
  ADVANTAGE MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  AESCULAP INC 
  AFT MICROMECANIQUE SAS 
  APS MATERIALS, INC. 
  ARCAMED 
  AUTOCAM MEDICAL DEVICES LLC 
  AVALIGN CASES AND TRAYS (ADVANTIS) 
  AVALIGN NEMCOMED 
  BIOMATLANTE BIOLOGICS SOLUTIONS 
  BOEDEKER PLASTICS INC 
  BRADSHAW MEDICAL INC. 
  COULOT 
  CULVER TOOL   ENGINEERING INC 
  DANCO 
  DRT MEDICAL, LLC 
  ELITE MEDICAL LLC 
  ENGINEERED MEDICAL SYSTEMS LLC 
  FMI INSTRUMED (B.V.) 
  GAUTHIER BIOMEDICAL 
  GREATBATCH MEDICAL 
  GSOURCE, LLC 
  HTI TECHNOLOGIES 
  INSTRUMED INTERNATIONAL INC 
  INTAI TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  IN'TECH MEDICAL SA 
  IN'TECH MEDICAL, INC. 
  INVIBIO, INC. 
  IONISOS 
  ISOTRON - SYNERGY HEALTH 
  JADE PRECISION MEDICAL COMPONENTS 
  JATEX  INC. 
  KASIOS 
  LASERAGE TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION 
  LIFE INSTRUMENT CORPORATION 
  LISI MEDICAL FASTENERS 
  LISI MEDICAL JEROPA, INC. 
  LUMITEX  INC 
  MACKAY MANUFACTURING, INC. 
  MASSELIN 
  MEDICAL PACKAGING 
  MEDIFLEX/ FLEXBAR MACHINE CORP 
  MEDIKMARK 
  MEDLANE 

MEDTORQUE 
  MEDTORQUE, INC. (KENOSHA) 
  METAL CRAFT RIVERSIDE MACHINING   ENGINEERING 
  NEMCOMED FW LLC 
  NG INSTRUMENTS, INC. 
  NORMAN NOBLE 
  OBE OHNMACHT   BAUMG RTNER 
  OBERG INDUSTRIES INC 
  ORCHID ORTHOPEDIC SOLUTIONS, LLC 
  ORCHID SANTA ANA 
  OURY GUYE 
  PACIFIC INSTRUMENTS 
  PARAGON MEDICAL, INC. 
  PERY 
  PRECISION EDGE SURG PRODUCTS LLC 
  PTI ENGINEERED PLASTICS 
  PYXIDIS 
  PYXIDIS MEDICAL CONTENEUR 
  QUALITY EDM, INC. 
  RED STAR CONTRACTING MANUFACTURING 
  RICHTER PRECISION ,INC 
  RMS 
  RMS SURGICAL 
  RTI REMMELE MEDICAL 
  SEABROOK INTERNATIONAL 
  SEL ETS LORIC 
  SIMAGEC 
  STEPHEN GOULD CORPORATION 
  STERIGENICS U.S., INC. 
  STOLL METALCRAFT, INC. 
  STRUCTURE MEDICAL LLC 
  SURFACE DYNAMICS LLC 
  SYMMETRY MEDICAL 
  TECHNICAL MANUFACTURING WEST 
  TECOMET KENOSHA 
  TEGRA MEDICAL 
  TEKNIMED S.A. 
  TSUNAMI SRL 
  TURNER MEDICAL INC. 
  TWIN CITY EDM   MFG. INC. 
  UNIVERSAL PUNCH CORP. 
  UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI TISSUE BANK 
  VERACITY MEDICAL SOLUTIONS 
  WEBER INSTRUMENTE GMBH   CO. 
  Y W TECHNOLOGIES LLC 
   
  Schedule 5.2(a) 

Products and Lead Times (If Longer than 90 Days) 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Schedule 5.2(d) 
  Inventory Order for the First Purchase Order and the Second Purchase Order 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exh103fifthamendment.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3  
    
  CONSENT AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
    
  CONSENT AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT, SECURITY AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this 1st day of September, 2016 (the    Fifth Amendment Effective Date   ), by and among ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (   Alphatec Holdings   ), ALPHATEC SPINE, INC., a California corporation (   Alphatec Spine    together with Alphatec Holdings, each being referred to herein individually as a    Borrower   , and collectively as    Borrowers   ), and ALPHATEC PACIFIC, INC. (also known as Kabushiki-Kaisha Alphatec Pacific), a Japanese company (   Alphatec Pacific   ), ALPHATEC INTERNATIONAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Alphatec International    each of Alphatec International and Alphatec Pacific, also being referred to herein individually as    Former Borrower    and collectively as    Former Borrowers   ), and MIDCAP FUNDING IV TRUST     (formerly known as MidCap Funding IV, LLC, as Agent for Lenders,    Agent   ), and MIDCAP FUNDING IV TRUST, individually, as a Lender, and the other financial institutions or other entities from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement referenced below, each as a Lender. 
  RECITALS 
  A.  Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and Former Borrowers are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2014, the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2015, the Third Amendment and Waiver to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2016 and by the Fourth Amendment and Waiver to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2016 (and as further amended, modified, supplemented and restated from time to time prior to the date hereof, the    Original Credit Agreement    and as the same is amended hereby and as it may be further amended, modified, supplemented and restated from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lenders have agreed to make certain advances of money and to extend certain financial accommodations to Borrowers, Former Borrowers and certain of their Affiliates in the amounts and manner set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
  B.  Alphatec Holdings and Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd (   Globus Ireland   ) have entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2016 (the    Globus PSA   ), pursuant to which Alphatec Holdings agrees to sell the equity interests of it certain of its Subsidiaries (the    Globus Sale   ), including Alphatec Pacific, and certain other of its assets to Globus Ireland, in exchange for which Globus Ireland has agreed to make a cash payment to the Company in an amount equal to $80,000,000.00 (subject to adjustment pursuant to the Globus PSA), which amount shall be used in part to (x) pay the Deerfield Debt in full in cash (the    Deerfield Payoff   ), which payoff, but for the consent set forth in this Agreement, would be prohibited under Section 5.5 of the Original Credit Agreement, and (y) repay the Term Loan (on behalf of the Borrowers) in an amount not less than $20,000,000 (the    Globus MCF Payment   ).  An affiliate of Globus Ireland, Globus Medical Inc., a Delaware corporation (   Globus   ) has agreed to extend certain other financial accommodations to Alphatec Holdings, including providing a $30,000,000 secured term loan to Alphatec Holdings and Alphatec Spine (the    Globus Term Loan   ). 
  C.  Upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Globus PSA (the    Globus Transactions   ), in addition to the payment of the Globus MCF Payment, Borrowers shall repay the Obligations in an amount not less than $12,384,695.37 (the    Fifth Amendment Repayment   ), of which $11,884,695.37 will be applied to the Revolving Loan Outstandings and $500,000 will be applied to the outstanding Obligations under the Term Loan. 
  D.  Borrowers and Former Borrowers have requested, and Agent and Lenders have agreed, to (i) amend the Original Credit Agreement to reflect the Globus Transactions, the Globus MCF Payment and the Fifth Amendment Repayment, including, among other things, (A) reducing the Revolving Credit Commitment to $22,500,000, (B) reducing the Term Loan Commitment to $4,929,130.50, which amount includes capitalization of $1,940,000 in fees under the First Amendment Fee Letter, the Second Amendment Fee Letter, and other Fee Letters and other fees agreed upon between Borrowers and Agent that would otherwise be due and payable on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (C) releasing Former Borrowers from their Obligations under the Original Credit Agreement, (D) releasing certain other Collateral from the Liens in favor of the Agent (for the benefit of Lenders), (E) revising Schedule 2.1 (Amortization) to provide for a period during which no principal payments will be required under the Term Loan (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions), (F) revising the financial covenants set forth in Section 6 of the Original Credit Agreement to eliminate the Senior Leverage Ratio and the Total Leverage Ratio and to reset the minimum Fixed Charge  

Coverage Ratio, and (G) extending the Commitment Expiry Date from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2019, and (ii) consent to the Deerfield Payoff, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein.   
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and Former Borrowers hereby agree as follows: 
  1.  Recitals  .  This Agreement shall constitute a Financing Document and the Recitals and each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Original Credit Agreement, unless otherwise expressly noted, will be deemed to reference the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.  The Recitals set forth above shall be construed as part of this Agreement as if set forth fully in the body of this Agreement and capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Original Credit Agreement (including those capitalize terms used in the Recitals hereto). 
  2.  Release  .  As of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Alphatec Pacific and Alphatec International are each hereby released from the Obligations and shall cease to be a  Borrower  and a  Credit Party  under the Original Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents.  All references to Alphatec Pacific and Alphatec International in the Original Credit Agreement and other Financing Documents shall cease to be of any further force or effect.  The Liens in favor of the Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) on the assets of the Former Borrowers that constitute Collateral shall be released.  Agent agrees to take all reasonable additional steps as Former Borrowers may reasonably request to release or terminate any document or filing that evidences or perfects any Lien in favor of Agent in any property of any Former Borrower securing the Obligations.  The Credit Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that the release set forth in this paragraph 2 is a partial release, which does not release any other Credit Party or Collateral, and does not affect any rights of Agent or any Lender, or any Obligations of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates and/or Subsidiaries, or any other obligor in connection with the Loan or any other outstanding credit facility.   
  3.  Limited Consent.      At the request of and as an accommodation to the Borrowers, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and notwithstanding anything contained in the Deerfield Intercreditor Agreement to the contrary, Agent and Lenders hereby consent to the Deerfield Payoff.  The consent set forth in this Section 3 is effective solely for the purposes set forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed to (a) be a consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or of any other Financing Document; (b) prejudice any right that Agent or Lenders have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Document; (c) constitute a consent to or waiver of any past, present or future Default or Event of Default or other violation of any provisions of the Credit Agreement or any other Financing Documents, (d) create any obligation to forbear from taking any enforcement action, or to make any further extensions of credit or (e) establish a custom or course of dealing among any of the Credit Parties, on the one hand, or Agent or any Lender, on the other hand. 
  4.  Amendments to Original Credit Agreement  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 5 below, the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
  (a)  The following definitions are hereby added to Article 1 of the Original Credit Agreement in their respective alphabetic order:   
     Connection Income Taxes    means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
     Excluded Taxes    means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Lender, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Lender being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Term Loan Commitment or Revolving Loan Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Term Loan Commitment or Revolving Loan Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment requested by Borrower Representative under   Section 2.8(h)  ) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to   Section 2.8  , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's  

assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with   Section 2.8(d)   and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
     FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental agreements (and related governmental directives or implementing legislation) entered into with respect thereto. 
     Fifth Amendment    means that certain Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, among Borrowers,  Former Borrowers  (as defined therein), Agent and Lenders. 
     Fifth Amendment Effective Date    means the effective date of the Fifth Amendment. 
     Foreign Lender    has the meaning given such term in   Section 2.8(d)(ii)  . 
     Globus    means, collectively, Globus Medical Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns as  Lender  under the Globus Facility Agreement. 
     Globus Debt    means Debt incurred pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Globus Facility Agreement. 
     Globus Facility Agreement    means: (a) that certain Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, among Holdings, Globus and the other parties party thereto and without giving effect to any amendment, supplement, restatement or other modification thereto other than those made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Globus Intercreditor Agreement and (b) the ancillary agreements and documents entered into by Holdings, the other parties party thereto and Globus in connection therewith, in each case, true and complete copies of which have been provided to Agent. 
     Globus Intercreditor Agreement    means that certain Intercreditor Agreement between Agent and Globus with respect to the Globus Debt, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
     Indemnified Taxes    means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Financing Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.   
     Orthotec Settlement Agreement    has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(b).   
     Other Connection Taxes    means, with respect to any Lender, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Financing Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Financing Document). 
     Other Taxes    means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Financing Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
     U.S. Person    means any Person that is a  United States Person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
     U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.8(d)  . 
    
  (b)  The following definitions appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and all references thereto in the Original Credit Agreement shall cease to be of any force or effect:   
     Deerfield  
     Deerfield Debt    

Deerfield Facility Agreement    
     Deerfield Intercreditor Agreement    
     First Amendment Fee Letter    
     Orthotec Litigation Settlement     
     Orthotec Resolution    
     Second Amendment Fee Letter    
     Settlement Deposit Account    
  (c)  The definition of    Commitment Expiry Date    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the date  December 31, 2016  with  December 31, 2019 . 
  (d)  The definition of    Credit Party    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following proviso immediately after the clause  Credit Parties  means all such Persons, collectively : 
    provided that no Subsidiary of Holdings as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date that is incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any other political subdivision thereof shall be required to become a Credit Party.  
  (e)  The definition of    Fee Letter    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:   
       Fee Letter    means, collectively, that certain Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, among Agent and Borrowers, together with each other letter agreement among Agent and Borrowers, dated after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, relating to fees payable to Agent, for its own account, in connection with this Agreement and/or any other Financing Document and/or amendment to any of the foregoing.  
  (f)  The definition of    Guarantor    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following proviso immediately after the clause  any portion of the Obligations :   
    provided that no Subsidiary of Holdings as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date that is incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any other political subdivision thereof shall be required to become a Guarantor.  
  (g)  The definition of    Material Adverse Effect    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence thereof, which sentence begins with the clause  Notwithstanding the foregoing, . 
  (h)  The definition of    Operative Documents    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:   
       Operative Documents    means (i) at all times on and after the Closing Date (including at all times after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date), the Financing Documents, Subordinated Debt Documents, and all documents effecting any purchase or sale or other transaction that is closing contemporaneously with the closing of the financing under this Agreement on the Closing Date and (ii) at all times on and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Fifth Amendment, the Globus Facility Agreement and all documents effecting the purchase or sale or other transaction that is closing on or about the Fifth Amendment Effective Date.  
  (i)  The definition of    Permitted Debt    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing  [RESERVED]  appearing in clause (e) thereof with the clause  the Globus Debt . 
  (j)  The definition of    Orthotec Settlement Payments    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing  Orthotec Matter  appearing therein with  Orthotec, LLC matter . 
  (k)  The definition of    Permitted Intercompany Advances    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing clause (d) thereof in its entirety with the following: 
   (d) a Credit Party to a Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Credit Party (other than the transactions constituting Secured Permitted Intercompany Advances) so long as the aggregate amount of all such loans, guarantees and Investments outstanding under this clause (d) does not to exceed $  [***]   (or such greater amount as Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) per individual transaction, or $  [***]   in the aggregate.  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

(l)  The definition of    Permitted Liens    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing clause (l) thereof in its entirety with the following: 
   (l) Liens and encumbrances securing the Globus Debt that, in each case, are subject to the Globus Intercreditor Agreement.  
  (m)  The definition of    Subordinated Debt    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the parenthetical clause  (including, without limitation, the Deerfield Debt)  and (ii) adding the following sentence to the end of such definition: 
   For avoidance of doubt, so long as the Globus Intercreditor Agreement remains in full force and effect, the Globus Debt shall not constitute  Subordinated Debt.  
  (n)  The definition of    Subordination Agreement    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the parenthetical clause  (including, without limitation, the Deerfield Intercreditor Agreement) . 
  (o)  The definition of    Term Loan Commitment    appearing in Section 1.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by with the following: 
       Term Loan Commitment        means the sum of each Lender s Term Loan Commitment Amount, which in the aggregate is equal to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000), which was fully funded as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date .  
  (p)  Article I of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 1.5 to the end of such Article: 
     Section 1.5        Intercreditor Agreement  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms of this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by Agent hereunder or under any Financing Document with respect to the liens and security interest granted to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the provisions of the Globus Intercreditor Agreement.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Globus Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement with respect to the exercise of rights and remedies or the priority of the security interests granted to the Agent herein, the terms of the Globus Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.  
  (q)  Section 2.1(a)(ii)(B) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the clause  Subject to the provisions of the Globus Intercreditor Agreement,  immediately prior to the clause  there shall become due and payable . 
  (r)  Section 2.8 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) renumbering Sections 2.8(d) and 2.8(e) to become Sections 2.8(g) and 2.8(h) and (ii) amending and restating Sections 2.8(a) through and including 2.8(c) thereof with the following Sections 2.8(a) through 2.8(f) as set forth below: 
  (a)    Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Financing Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law.  If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Credit Parties) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Credit Party, then the applicable Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section), the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.  For purposes of this   Section 2.8  , the term  applicable Law  includes FATCA. 
  (b)    The Credit Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law any Other Taxes. 
  (c)    The Credit Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Lender, within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this   Section 2.8  ) payable or paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower Representative by a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d)    Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Financing Document shall deliver to the Borrower Representative, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative as will enable the Borrowers to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Section 2.8(d)(i)  ,   (ii)   and   (iv)   below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
  (i)    any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower Representative on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
  (ii)    any Lender that is not U.S. Person (and such Lender s applicable, assignees, participants or transferees that are similarly not a U.S. Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (each such Person a    Foreign Lender   )  shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrower Representative) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative), whichever of the following is applicable: 
  (A)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Financing Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8 BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Financing Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8 BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
  (B)    executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
  (C)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8 BEN-E; or 
  (D)    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8 BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
  (iii)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrower Representative) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative, executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such  

supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower Representative to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made;  
  (iv)    if a payment made to a Lender under any Financing Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower Representative at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative as may be necessary for the Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (iv),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; and 
  (v)    Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower Representative in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
  (e)    If any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this   Section 2.8   (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 2.8  ), it shall pay to the applicable Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this   Section 2.8   with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such Credit Party, upon the request of such Lender, shall repay to such Credit Party the amount paid over pursuant to this   Section 2.8(e)   (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 2.8(e)  , in no event will a Lender be required to pay any amount to a Credit Party pursuant to this   Section 2.8(e)   the payment of which would place the Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This   Section 2.8(e)   shall not be construed to require any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Credit Parties or any other Person. 
  (f)    Each party s obligations under this   Section 2.8   shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Term Loan Commitments or Revolving Loan Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Financing Document.  
  (s)  Section 2.10(c) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the parenthetical clause  (except as otherwise specifically required under this Agreement)  with the parenthetical clause  (except as otherwise specifically required under this Agreement and subject in all respects to the Globus Intercreditor Agreement) . 
  (t)  Section 3.6 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing  Orthotec Matter  appearing in clause (iii) therein with  Orthotec, LLC matter . 
  (u)  Section 3.19 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the parenthetical clause  (except for Liens granted pursuant to the Deerfield Facility Agreement)  with the clause  (except for Liens granted pursuant to the Globus Facility Agreement) . 
  (v)  Section 4.3(a) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the text  of Alphatec Holdings International C.V., Cooperatie Alphatec Holding Europe U.A., and each other . 
  (w)  Section 5.4 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the clause  (except as provided by the Financing Documents and the Deerfield Facility Agreement)  with  (except as provided by the Financing Documents and the Globus Facility Agreement)  in each of clauses (a) and (b) thereof. 
  (x)  Section 5.6 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) replacing  any other Person  in clause (a) thereof with  any Person that is not a Credit Party  and (ii) inserting the following sentence at the end of such Section: 
   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the dissolution, consolidation, merger or amalgamation of any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Alphatec International shall be permitted; provided, that, any such consolidation, merger or amalgamation shall be with or into any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings.  

(y)  Section 5.7 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating clause (a) thereof to read as follows: 
   (a) acquire or enter into any agreement to acquire any assets other than in the Ordinary Course of Business; provided that, Alphatec International, LLC shall hold no assets other than (i) assets held on the Closing Date (including equity interests of its direct subsidiaries) and (ii) such funds for the payment of expenses and other liabilities as shall be invested in Alphatec International, LLC as permitted hereunder .   
  (z)  Section 5.16 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting clause (c) thereof and (ii) amending and restating clause (b) thereof to read as follows: 
   (b)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5 or otherwise in this Agreement or the other Financing Documents, Borrowers shall be permitted to make (i) pursuant to that certain Settlement and Release Agreement dated as of August 13, 2014 (the    Settlement Agreement   ), by and among the Alphatec Parties, the Healthpoint Parties and the OrthoTec Parties (each as defined therein),  Orthotec Settlement Payments each quarter in an aggregate amount not to exceed one million one hundred thousand dollars ($1,100,000) and (ii) pursuant to that certain Forbearance Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016 (the    Forbearance Agreement   ), by and among Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, Healthpoint Capital, LLC, HealthpointCapital Partners, L.P., and HealthpointCapital Partners II, L.P. (collectively,    Healthpoint   ), a payment or series of payments on or prior to September 30, 2016 to Healthpoint in an aggregate amount not to exceed nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($950,000);   provided  ,   however  , at the time of each such payment, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) no party to that certain Settlement Agreement or any other settlement agreement, forbearance agreement or other settlement arrangement with respect to the Orthotec, LLC matter, including the Orthotec Litigation (collectively, the    Orthotec Settlement Agreement   ) shall have breached or violated any such agreement or arrangement in any material respect, which breach or violation has not been waived or cured, and the Orthotec Settlement Agreement shall be in full force and effect, and (iii) such payment shall not be prohibited by or otherwise violate the terms of the Globus Facility Agreement.  
  (aa)  Article 6 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
   ARTICLE 6 - FINANCIAL COVENANT 
  Section 6.1        Additional Defined Terms  .  The following additional definitions are hereby appended to Section 1.1 of this Agreement: 
     Defined Period    means, for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, for (a) each of the months ending [***] period immediately preceding such month end date (which period shall include the month in which the respective month end date occurs), and (b) each month thereafter, the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding such month.  
     Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    means, for any Defined Period, the ratio of (a) Operating Cash Flow to (b) Fixed Charges. 
     Fixed Charges    has the meaning provided in the Compliance Certificate. 
     Liquidity    means, the sum of (a) unrestricted cash on the balance sheet, plus (b) Revolving Loan Availability. 
     Operating Cash Flow    has the meaning provided in the Compliance Certificate. 
  Section 6.2        Liquidity  .  Borrowers will not permit the Liquidity of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a Consolidated Basis, as of the last day of each month ending during the period from the Fifth Amendment Effective Date through and including March 31, 2017, to be less than [***]. 
  Section 6.3        Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  .  Borrowers will not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for any Defined Period commencing on and after the period ending April 30, 2017, as tested monthly, to be less than [***] to 1.00 for each month.  
  Section 6.4        Evidence of Compliance  .  Borrowers shall furnish to Agent, together with the financial reporting required of Borrowers in Section 4.1 hereof, a Compliance Certificate as evidence of Borrowers  compliance with the covenants in this Article and evidence that no Event of Default specified in this Article has occurred.  The Compliance Certificate shall include, without limitation, (a) a statement and report, on a form approved by Agent, detailing Borrowers  calculations, and (b) if requested by Agent, back-up  
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

documentation (including, without limitation, invoices, receipts and other evidence of costs incurred during such quarter as Agent shall reasonably require) evidencing the propriety of the calculations.  
  (bb)  Section 9.1 of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing  a continuing first priority Lien on and security interest  with  , subject to the Globus Intercreditor Agreement, a continuing first priority Lien on and security interest . 
  (cc)  Section 10.3(a) of the Original Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the clause  and under any other applicable law  with the clause  and under any other applicable law, but subject to the Globus Intercreditor Agreement . 
  (dd)  Annex A (Commitment Annex) to the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with a new Schedule 2.1 attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
  (ee)  Exhibit A (List of Guarantors) to the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with a new Schedule 2.1 attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
  (ff)  Exhibit B (Compliance Certificate) to the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with a new Schedule 2.1 attached hereto as Exhibit C. 
  (gg)  Schedule 2.1(Amortization) to the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with a new Schedule 2.1 attached hereto as Exhibit D. 
  (hh)  Schedule 9.1(Collateral) to the Original Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with a new Schedule 9.1 attached hereto as Exhibit E. 
  5.  Representations and Warranties; Reaffirmation of Security Interest; Updated Schedules  .  Each Borrower hereby (a) confirms that all of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) with respect to such Borrower as of the date hereof except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific date in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and (b) covenants to perform its respective obligations under the Credit Agreement.   Each Borrower further represents and warrants that (x) it has received all consents and delivered all notices, including those under the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of July 25, 2016 (the  Globus Purchase Agreement ), between Globus Medical Ireland, Ltd., as buyer and Alphatec Holdings, as seller, required to be delivered in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and (y) that no breach of or default under the Globus Purchase Agreement exists (or would exist after giving effect to this Agreement), that has not been waived or cured.  Each Borrower confirms and agrees that all security interests and Liens granted to Agent continue in full force and effect, and all Collateral remains free and clear of any Liens, other than those granted to Agent and Permitted Liens.  Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to impair or limit the validity, priority or extent of Agent s security interests in and Liens on the Collateral.  Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement, the other Financing Documents and this Agreement constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Borrower, and are enforceable against each Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles. 
  6.  Costs and Fees  .    Borrowers shall pay to Agent a prepayment fee equal to [***] (three percent ([*]%) of the sum of the amount of the Term Loan being prepaid in connection with this Agreement).  In addition, Borrowers shall be responsible for the payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and fees of Agent s counsel incurred in connection with the preparation of this Agreement and any related documents.  If Agent or any Lender uses in-house counsel for any of these purposes, Borrowers further agree that the Obligations include reasonable charges for such work commensurate with the fees that would otherwise be charged by outside legal counsel selected by Agent or such Lender for the work performed.     
  7.  Conditions to Effectiveness  .    This Agreement shall become effective as of the date on which each of the following conditions has been satisfied, as determined by Agent in its sole discretion:  
  (a)  Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent this Agreement duly executed by an authorized officer of each Borrower and Former Borrowers;  
  (b)  Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent that certain Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, duly executed by each Borrower; 
  (c)  (i) Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent a copy of the fully executed and delivered Globus Credit Agreement, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, and (ii) all conditions precedent (other than the effectiveness of this Agreement) to the effectiveness of the Globus Credit Agreement shall have been satisfied or waived  ; 
  (d)  Agent shall have received the Globus Intercreditor Agreement, duly executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto (other than Agent);   and 
  
   ***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

(e)  Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary of each Borrower attaching the Organizational Documents of such Borrower, as applicable (if modified since the last delivery thereof to the Agent). 
  8.  Covenants  .    Borrowers shall satisfy and complete each of the following obligations to the satisfaction of Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, and Borrowers agree that failure to so complete and satisfy each such obligation, shall constitute an immediate and automatic Event of Default: 
  (f)  On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Agent shall have received evidence confirming that the Globus Credit Agreement is in full force and effect as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date;  
  (g)  On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Agent shall have received evidence confirming that Borrowers received all proceeds of the  Closing Date Term Loan Tranche  (as defined in the Globus Credit Agreement) on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date; 
  (h)  On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date,   Agent shall have received, in the deposit account of Agent designated therefor, the     Globus MCF Payment and the Fifth Amendment Repayment;  
  (i)  On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Agent shall have received evidence that the Deerfield Debt shall have been paid in full in cash and the Deerfield Facility Agreement and each other ancillary agreement and document shall have been terminated and all Liens related thereto shall have been released other than the items listed in clause (e) below;  
  (j)  Not later than (i) ten (10) Business Days following the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall ensure that, according to the requirements set forth in the Credit Agreement, each Deposit Account, including without limitation the Deposit Accounts at Silicon Valley Bank, shall be subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (ii) thirty (30) days following the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall have obtained a landlord waiver termination for that certain landlord waiver and agreement dated as of March 17, 2014, by and among Borrower, as tenant, H.G. Fenton Property Company, as landlord, and Deerfield as lender; and  
  (k)  On the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Agent shall have received from Borrowers all of the fees owing to Agent and Lenders pursuant to this Agreement.  
  9.  Release  .    In consideration of the agreements of Agent and Required Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each Borrower and Former Borrower, voluntarily, knowingly, unconditionally and irrevocably, with specific and express intent, for and on behalf of itself and all of its respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, predecessors, successors, and assigns, and each of their respective current and former directors, officers, shareholders, agents, and employees, and each of their respective predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and collectively, the  Releasing Parties ) does hereby fully and completely release, acquit and forever discharge each of Agent, Lenders, and each their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, members, managers, shareholders, directors, officers and employees, and each of their respective predecessors, successors, heirs, and assigns (individually and collectively, the  Released Parties ), of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, disputes, damages, claims, obligations, liabilities, costs, expenses and demands of any kind whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, vested or contingent, choate or inchoate, known or unknown that the Releasing Parties (or any of them) has against the Released Parties or any of them (whether directly or indirectly), based in whole or in part on facts, whether or not now known, existing on or before the Effective Date, that relate to, arise out of or otherwise are in connection with: (i) any or all of the Financing Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions or omissions in connection therewith or (ii) any aspect of the dealings or relationships between or among any or all of the Borrowers or Former Borrowers, on the one hand, and any or all of the Released Parties, on the other hand, relating to any or all of the documents, transactions, actions or omissions referenced in clause (i) hereof.  Each Borrower and Former Borrower acknowledges that the foregoing release is a material inducement to Agent s and Required Lender s decision to enter into this Agreement and agree to the modifications contemplated hereunder, and has been relied upon by Agent and Required Lenders in connection therewith. 
  10.  No Waiver or Novation  .    The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the Financing Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed or delivered in connection with any of the foregoing.  Nothing herein is intended or shall be construed as a waiver of any existing Defaults or Events of Default under the Credit Agreement or other Financing Documents or any of Agent s rights and remedies in respect of such Defaults or Events of Default.  This Agreement (together with any other document executed in connection herewith) is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, a novation of the Credit Agreement. 
  11.  Affirmation  .    Except as specifically amended pursuant to the terms hereof, each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement and all other Financing Documents (and all covenants, terms, conditions and agreements therein) shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by Borrowers.  Each Borrower  

covenants and agrees to comply with all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the Financing Documents, notwithstanding any prior course of conduct, waivers, releases or other actions or inactions on Agent s or any Lender s part which might otherwise constitute or be construed as a waiver of or amendment to such terms, covenants and conditions.  Each Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all representations and warranties of Borrowers and Former Borrowers contained in the Original Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) as of the date hereof (and such parties  delivery of their respective signatures hereto shall be deemed to be its certification thereof), except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier in the text of such representation or warranty) on and as of such date and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall exist under any of the Financing Documents (and each Borrower s and Former Borrower s delivery of its signatures hereto shall be deemed to be its certification thereof);  
  12.  Confidentiality  .    No Borrower or Former Borrower will disclose the contents of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Financing Documents to any third party (including, without limitation, any financial institution or intermediary) without Agent s prior written consent, other than to Borrowers  and Former Borrowers  officers and advisors on a need-to-know basis or as otherwise may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Borrower or Former Borrower.  Each Borrower and Former Borrower agrees to inform all such persons who receive information concerning this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents that such information is confidential and may not be disclosed to any other person except as may be required by Law, including to any court or regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Borrower or Former Borrower.   
  13.  Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)  Reference to the Effect on the Credit Agreement  .  Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement,   hereunder,   hereof,   herein,  or words of similar import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement.  Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement, and all other Financing Documents (and all covenants, terms, conditions and agreements therein), shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by Borrowers.    
  (b)  Incorporation of Credit Agreement Provisions  .  The provisions contained in   Section 11.6   (Indemnification),   Section 12.8   (Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction) and   Section 12.9   (Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to the same extent as if reproduced herein in their entirety. 
  (c)  Headings  .  Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. 
  (d)  Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or by electronic mail delivery of an electronic version (e.g., .pdf or .tif file) of an executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof and shall bind the parties hereto.  
  (e)  Entire Agreement  .    This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
  (f)  Severability  .  In case any provision of or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any applicable jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
  (g)  Successors/Assigns  .  This Agreement shall bind, and the rights hereunder shall inure to, the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto, subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Financing Documents. 
    
  [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, and intending that this document constitute an agreement executed under seal, the undersigned have executed this Agreement under seal as of the day and year first hereinabove set forth. 

AGENT: 
    MIDCAP FUNDING IV TRUST,   a Delaware statutory trust    
  By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P., 
  its investment manager 
    
  By:Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, 
  its general partner 

By: _/S/ Maurice Amsellem_____________   
  Name: Maurice Amsellem 
  Title: Authorized Signatory 
      LENDERS 
    MIDCAP FUNDING IV TRUST,   a Delaware statutory trust    
  By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P., 
  its investment manager 
    
  By:Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, 
  its general partner 

By: _/S/ Maurice Amsellem_______________   
  Name: Maurice Amsellem 
  Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signatures Continue on Following Page] 

BORROWERS:       
    ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.  ,    
  a Delaware   corporation    
    
  By: _/S/ Michael O'Neill____________   
  Name: Michael O'Neill 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
  ALPHATEC SPINE, INC.  ,    
  a Delaware   corporation    
    
  By: _/S/ Michael O'Neill____________   
  Name: Michael O'Neill 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer 
    
      FORMER BORROWER: 
    ALPHATEC INTERNATIONAL LLC  ,    
  a Delaware limited liability company 
    
  By: __/S/ Ebun Garner______________   
  Name: Ebun S. Garner, Esq. 
  Title: General Counsel and SVP, Alphatec Holdings, Inc., General Partner of Alphatec Holdings, International C.V., Sole Member 
    
  ALPHATEC PACIFIC, INC.  ,    
  a Japanese company 
    
  By: _/S/ Ebun Garner_______________   
  Name: Ebun S. Garner, Esq. 
  Title: Director 

EXHIBIT A 
  Annex A 
  Annex A to Credit Agreement (Commitment Annex) 

EXHIBIT B 
  Exhibit A to Credit Agreement (List of Guarantors) 
  As of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, none. 

EXHIBIT C 
  Exhibit B to Credit Agreement (Compliance Certificate) 
  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  This Compliance Certificate is given by _____________________, a Responsible Officer of Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower Representative   ), pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, by and among the Borrower Representative and each of its Subsidiaries party thereto as  Borrowers , and any additional Borrower that may hereafter be added thereto (collectively,    Borrowers   ), MidCap Financial, LLC, individually as a Lender and as Agent, and the financial institutions or other entities from time to time parties hereto, each as a Lender (as such agreement may have been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ).  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies to Agent and Lenders that: 
  (a)  the financial statements delivered with this certificate in accordance with Section 4.1 of the Credit Agreement fairly present in all material respects the results of operations and financial condition of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates and the accounting period covered by such financial statements; 
  (b)  I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and have made, or caused to be made under my supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and conditions of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by such financial statements, and such review has not disclosed the existence during or at the end of such accounting period, and I have no knowledge of the existence as of the date hereof, of any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, except as set forth in   Schedule 1   hereto, which includes a description of the nature and period of existence of such Default or an Event of Default and what action Borrowers have taken, are undertaking and propose to take with respect thereto; 
  (c)  except as noted on   Schedule 2   attached hereto,   Schedule 9.2   to the Credit Agreement contains a complete and accurate list of all business locations of Borrowers and Guarantors and all names under which Borrowers or Guarantors currently conduct business, and   Schedule 2   specifically notes any changes in the names under which Borrowers or Guarantors conduct business; 
  (d)  except as noted on   Schedule 3   attached hereto, the undersigned has no knowledge of (i) any federal or state tax liens having been filed against the Borrowers, Guarantors or any Collateral, or (ii) any failure of the Borrowers or Guarantors to make required payments of withholding or other tax obligations of the Borrowers or Guarantors during the accounting period to which the attached statements pertain or any subsequent period;  
  (e)  except as noted on   Schedule 4   attached hereto,   Schedule 5.14   to the Credit Agreement contains a complete and accurate statement of all Deposit Accounts and Security Accounts maintained by Borrowers or Guarantors; 
  (f)  except as noted on   Schedule 5   attached hereto or   Schedule 3.6   to the Credit Agreement, the undersigned has no knowledge of any current, pending or threatened: (i) litigation against the Borrowers or Guarantors, (ii) inquiries, investigations or proceedings concerning the business affairs, practices, licensing or reimbursement entitlements of Borrowers or Guarantors, or (iii) default by Borrowers or Guarantors under any Material Contract to which either of them is a party,   provided  ,   however  , that the information required pursuant to this clause (f) shall be deemed to have been delivered if the Credit Parties deliver to the Agent that certain litigation letter or disclosure statement delivered to Holdings  independent public accountants on a quarterly basis at substantially the same time such letter or disclosure statement is delivered to Holdings  independent public accountants; 
  (g)  [except as noted on   Schedule 6   attached hereto, no Borrower or Guarantor has acquired, by purchase, by the approval or granting of any application for registration (whether or not such application was previously disclosed to Agent by Borrowers) or otherwise, any Intellectual Property that is registered with any United States or foreign Governmental Authority, or has filed with any such United States or foreign Governmental Authority, any new application for the registration of any Intellectual Property, or acquired rights under a license as a licensee with respect to any such registered Intellectual Property (or any such application for the registration of Intellectual Property) owned by another Person, that has not previously been reported to Agent on   Schedule 3.19   to the Credit Agreement or any   Schedule 6   to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by the Company to Agent;] [  To be included in the Compliance Certificate provided at the end of each Fiscal Quarter only  ] 
  (h)  except as noted on   Schedule 7   attached hereto and except in the ordinary course of business, no Borrower or Guarantor has acquired, by purchase or otherwise, any Chattel Paper, Letter of Credit Rights, Instruments, Documents or Investment Property that has not previously been reported to Agent on any   Schedule 7   to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by  

Borrower Representative to Agent;  
  (i)  [except as noted on   Schedule 8   attached hereto, no Borrower or Guarantor is aware of any commercial tort claim that has not previously been reported to Agent on any   Schedule 8   to any previous Compliance Certificate delivered by Borrower Representative to Agent; and] [  To be included in the Compliance Certificate provided at the end of each Fiscal Quarter only  ]  
  (j)  Borrowers and Guarantors are in compliance with the covenants contained in Article 6 of the Credit Agreement, and in any Guarantee constituting a part of the Financing Documents, as demonstrated by the calculation of such covenants as set forth in the attached Worksheets [See attached worksheets], and such calculations and the certifications contained therein are true, correct and complete; 
  (k)  Borrowers are in compliance with Section 2.11(i) of the Credit Agreement; and 
  The foregoing certifications and computations are made as of ________________, 201__ (end of month) and as of _____________, 201__. 
                   
    Sincerely, 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC.,                           
  as Borrower Representative 
  By: 
  Name: 
  Title: 

Worksheet for Calculation of EBITDA   
                 EBITDA for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      Net income (or loss) for the Defined Period of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries, but excluding:  (a) the income (or loss) of any Person (other than Subsidiaries of Borrowers) in which Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries has an ownership interest unless received by Borrower or their Subsidiary in a cash distribution; and (b) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it became a Subsidiary of Borrowers or is merged into or consolidated with Borrowers 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Any provision for (or   minus   any benefit from) income and franchise taxes deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Interest expense, net of interest income, deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Stock-based compensation expense 
    $___________ 
      Plus:  Amortization and depreciation deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period (including impairment charges to goodwill and write downs of intangible assets) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Non-recurring expenses approved by Agent (including transaction expenses and restructuring charges related to acquisitions) 
    $___________ 
      Plus:      Any effect for (or   minus   any benefit from) foreign currency deducted in the determination of net income for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      EBITDA for the Defined Period: 
    $                         

Worksheet for Calculation of Fixed Charges  
                 Fixed Charges for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      Interest expense ($______), net of interest income ($______), interest paid in kind ($______) and amortization of capitalized fees and expenses incurred to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents and included in interest expense ($______), included in the determination of net income of Borrowers and their Consolidated Subsidiaries for the Defined Period (   Total Interest Expense   ) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Any provision for (or   minus   any benefit from) income or franchise taxes included in the determination of net income for the Defined Period * 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Payments of principal and interest for the Defined Period with respect to all Debt (including the portion of scheduled payments under capital leases allocable to principal     and excluding scheduled repayments of Revolving Loans and other Debt subject to reborrowing to the extent not accompanied by a concurrent and permanent reduction of the Revolving Loan Commitment (or equivalent loan commitment)) 
    $___________ 
      Plus  :Permitted Distributions  
    $                          
      Fixed Charges for the applicable Defined Period:  
    $                        

Worksheet for Calculation of Operating Cash Flow 
    
                 Operating Cash Flow for the applicable Defined Period is calculated as follows: 
      
      EBITDA for the Defined Period (calculated pursuant to the EBITDA Worksheet) 
    $___________ 
      Minus:  Unfinanced capital expenditures for the Defined Period 
    $___________ 
      Minus:  To the extent not already reflected in the calculation of EBITDA, other capitalized costs, defined as the gross amount paid in cash and capitalized during the Defined Period, as long term assets, other than amounts capitalized during the Defined Period as capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment or similar fixed asset accounts 
    $___________ 
      Operating Cash Flow for the Defined Period: 
    $                        

Covenant Compliance:    
  (To be included in the Compliance Certificate for each month ending during the period from and after April 30, 2017 and thereafter.) 
                 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Defined Period 
    ___ to 1.0 
      Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Defined Period 
    [***] to 1.0 
      In Compliance 
    Yes  /  No 

Worksheet for Calculation of Liquidity    
  (To be included in the Compliance Certificate for each month ending during the period from Fifth Amendment Effective Date through and including March 31, 2017.) 
                 Balance Sheet Cash 
    $___________ 
      Plus:  Revolving Loan Availability 
    $___________ 
      Liquidity 
    $                        

Covenant Compliance: 

Liquidity  
  In Compliance 
      $[***] 
  Yes  /  No 

EXHIBIT D 
  Schedule 2.1 - Amortization 
  Commencing on the first day of the first calendar month following the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and continuing on the first day of each calendar month (each, a    Payment Date   ) thereafter until the Term Loan has been paid in full, Borrowers shall pay to Agent as a principal payment under the Term Loan, an amount equal to the Principal Amount set forth in the table below for the respective Payment Date, in each case, as an amortization payment in respect of all tranches of the Term Loan. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the entire remaining outstanding principal balance under the Term Loan     shall     mature and be due and payable upon the Termination Date  . 

***Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT E 
  Schedule 9.1 - Collateral 
  The Collateral consists of all of Borrowers  assets, including without limitation, all of Borrowers  right, title and interest in and to the following, whether now owned or hereafter created, acquired or arising: 
    
           (a) 
    all goods, Accounts (including health-care insurance receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles, commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, intellectual property, securities accounts, fixtures, letter of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; 
     (b)    all of Borrowers  books and records relating to any of the foregoing; 
  (c)    all of Borrowers  Promissory Notes; and 
           (d)  
    any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 exh104crossamdemploagrmt.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 
    
  SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
    
  This Second Amendment to the Employment Agreement (the  Second Amendment ) is effective as of September 15, 2016 ( Second Amendment Effective Date ), by and between Leslie Cross (the  Executive )  ), Alphatec Spine Inc., a California corporation ( Spine ) and Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Holdings ) (collectively, Spine and Holdings shall be referred to as the  Company ). Capitalized terms undefined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
  WHEREAS  , on or about February 26, 2012, the Company and the Executive have entered into an Employment Agreement and a First Amendment to the Agreement, dated May 1, 2014 (the  Agreement  
  WHEREAS  , between August 2, 2014 and the Second Amendment Effective Date the Executive was the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, but not an employee of the Company; and   
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Executive have agreed that as of the Second Amendment Effective Date the Executive shall become an employee of the Company and the undersigned parties shall enter into this Second Amendment as of the Effective Date to further amend the Agreement. 
  THEREFORE  , in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Second Amendment, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.        AMENDMENTS. 
  1.1.      Amendment and Restatement of Section 3  . Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   The Company shall employ Executive and Executive agrees to work for the Company as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall perform the duties and responsibilities inherent in the position in which Executive serves and such other duties and responsibilities as the Board of Directors or its designee shall from time to time reasonably assign to Executive.  In addition, it is the Company s intention that the Executive continue to serve as Chairman of the Company  Board of Directors.  
  1.2.      Amendment and Restatement of Section 4.1  . Section 4.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   Commencing on the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Company shall pay Executive a salary (the  Base Salary ) of $33,333.33 gross per month, payable bi-weekly in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices.  
  1.3      Deletion of Section 4.2  .  Section 4.2 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   [Reserved]  
  1.4      Amendment and Restatement of Section 5  . Section 5 of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   The Executive s employment can be terminated at any time by either the Company of the Executive with or without cause. In case of a termination without cause by the Company, the Executive shall receive 30 days  prior notice of termination.  
  2.        MISCELLANEOUS.    In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Second Amendment and the Agreement, the provisions of this Second Amendment shall prevail. Other than as set forth in this Second Amendment, the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
  [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have executed this Second Amendment to the Agreement on September 15, 2016 
    
  ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
    
  By: _/S/ Craig Hunsaker_____________ 
  Name: Craig Hunsaker 
  Title: EVP, People   Culture  

ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
    
  By: _/S/ Craig Hunsaker______________ 
  Name: Craig Hunsaker 
  Title: EVP, People   Culture 

EXECUTIVE 
    
  _/S/ Leslie Cross_______________ 
  Name: Leslie Cross 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 exh105plunkettamdemploagrmt.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.5 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
    
  This First Amendment to the Employment Agreement (the  First Amendment ) is effective as of September 15, 2016 ( First Amendment Effective Date ), by and among Michael Plunkett (the  Executive ), Alphatec Spine Inc., a California corporation ( Spine ) and Alphatec Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Holdings ) (collectively, Spine and Holdings shall be referred to as the  Company ). Capitalized terms undefined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
  WHEREAS  , on or about February 17, 2014, the Company and the Executive have entered into an Employment Agreement (the  Agreement  
  WHEREAS  , the Company and the Executive have agreed to enter into this First Amendment as of the Effective Date to further amend the Agreement. 
  THEREFORE  , in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this First Amendment, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows: 
  1.        AMENDMENTS. 
  1.1.      Amendment and Restatement of Section 3  . Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   The Company shall employ Executive and Executive agrees to work for the Company as its President and Chief Operating Officer. Executive shall perform the duties and responsibilities inherent in the position in which Executive serves and such other duties and responsibilities as the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee shall from time to time assign to Executive.  The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee.  
  1.2.      Amendment and Restatement of Section 4.1  . Section 4.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
   Commencing on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Company shall pay Executive a salary (the  Base Salary ) of $350,000 gross per year, payable bi-weekly in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices.  
  1.3      Amendment and Restatement of Section 4.2  .  Section 4.2 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
     Performance Bonus  .  Provided that the Executive is employed by the Company on the date that such bonus is paid, Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash performance bonus each fiscal year in an amount equal to 70% of the annual Base Salary paid to Executive for such fiscal year (the  Target Bonus Amount ).  The payment of the Target Bonus Amount shall be subject to the Company s and Executive s achievement of goals to be established and presented to the Executive each fiscal year.   
    
  2.        MISCELLANEOUS.    In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this First Amendment and the Agreement, the provisions of this First Amendment shall prevail. Other than as set forth in this First Amendment, the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
  [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties have executed this First Amendment to the Agreement on September 15, 2016 
    
  ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
    
  By: _/S/ Craig Hunsaker_____________ 
  Name: Craig Hunsaker 
  Title: EVP, People   Culture  

ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
    
  By: __/S/ Craig Hunsaker____________ 
  Name: Craig Hunsaker 
  Title: EVP, People   Culture 

EXECUTIVE 
    
  /S/ Michalel Plunkett_______________ 
  Name: Michael Plunkett 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 exh106jmcorbettseparationa.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.6 

ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

September 12, 2016 
    
  James M. Corbett 
    
  Re:      Separation of Employment 
    
  Jim Corbett (hereinafter  you  or  your ): 
    
  The purpose of this letter agreement (the  Agreement ) is to set forth the terms of your separation from Alphatec Spine, Inc. and Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (collectively, and together with its affiliates, the  Company ).  Payment of the Separation Pay described below is contingent on your agreement to and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Neither this offer to you nor the Company s entering into this Agreement shall constitute an admission by the Company and this letter shall be construed as an offer of compromise.  
    
  1.      Separation of Employment  .    You agree and acknowledge that your employment with the Company will end on September 12, 2016 (the  Separation Date ) at 5:00 pm PST.      Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, you will have the right to continue your medical insurance pursuant to the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA") upon a qualifying event such as termination of employment.  You will receive your COBRA notice under separate cover.  In addition, you will receive all wages owed to you and all accrued and unused vacation regardless of whether you sign this Agreement.  
    
  2.        Separation Pay  .    In exchange for the mutual promises set forth in this Agreement, and if you do not revoke this Agreement as you are entitled to do as set forth below, and even though the Company has no prior obligation to provide you with separation benefits, provided that this Agreement is valid and in full force on the date that a payment is due to be paid, beginning on the Effective Date (as defined below) the Company will pay you a severance amount equal to (i) a severance amount equal to 39 weeks  salary, less applicable withholding amounts) (the  Weekly Separation Pay  (ii) an additional payment of $424,000 (the  Bonus Separation Pay  and (iii) for a period of nine months, a payment equal to the monthly cost of COBRA coverage under the Company s group health plan for you and your family members who are entitled to such COBRA coverage (the  COBRA Separation Pay ) (collectively, the Weekly Separation Pay, the Bonus Separation Pay, and the COBRA Separation Pay shall be referred to as the  Separation Pay ).  The Weekly Separation Pay and the Bonus Separation Pay shall be paid to you in bi-weekly installments in accordance with the Company s payroll policies.  The initial payment of Weekly Separation Pay and Bonus Separation Pay shall be made on the Company s first regular payroll date following the Effective Date, and every two weeks thereafter provided that this Agreement is valid and in full force.  The gross weekly amount of the Weekly Separation Pay and the Bonus Separation Pay is $21,064.10.    The COBRA Separation Pay shall be paid by the Company directly to its insurance carrier prior to such payment being due.  To the extent that you have income or FICA taxes imposed on the COBRA Separation Pay, the Company shall make a tax gross up to cover such taxes, with such amount payable your income and FICA taxes imposed on the COBRA Separation Pay.  The tax gross-up payment, if any, shall be paid to you no later than the end of the taxable year in which the applicable taxes are actually remitted to the taxing authorities. 
    
  You also agree that the Separation Pay to be provided to you is not intended to and does not constitute a severance plan and does not confer a benefit on anyone other than the parties.  You further acknowledge that except for the specific consideration set forth in this Agreement, as of the Effective Date, you are not now and shall not in the future be entitled to any compensation from the Company including, without limitation, other wages, commissions, bonuses, vacation pay, holiday pay, paid time off or any other form of compensation or benefit.  The preceding sentence does not include reimbursement for expenses that have been incurred in accordance with the Company s polices prior to the Separation date.  You represent by signing this Agreement and allowing the applicable revocation period to end that you have received all payments to which you are legally entitled.   With respect to any expenses incurred prior to the Separation Date, you will receive reimbursement for all expenses incurred in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policies regardless of whether you sign this Agreement. 
    
    3.        Equity Ownership Acknowledgement  .    The parties acknowledge and agree that your equity awards as of the Separation Date under the Company s Amended and Restated 2005 Employee, Director And Consultant Stock Plan (the  Plan )  

are as set forth in   Exhibit A   hereto. In consideration of your compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company will allow for the continued vesting of such equity awards during the time period in which the Separation Pay is being paid (the  Extended Vesting Period ).  You agree that the Extended Vesting Period shall be deemed to be included within the definition of Separation Pay.  You acknowledge that upon the end of the Extended Vesting Period, other than with respect to (i) any restricted stock for which the Company's repurchase right has lapsed; or (ii) the right to exercise any vested stock options pursuant to the terms of any applicable stock option agreement, you will own no equity in the Company or any rights to acquire equity in the Company through the Company s equity ownership program.  You understand and acknowledge that you have only a limited time after termination of the Extended Vesting Period to exercise vested stock options.  If you do not exercise vested options within three months following the end of the Extended Vesting Period, your options will cancel and you will not be able to exercise them in the future. 
    
    4.        Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Mutual Non-Disparagement  .     
  (a)    You expressly acknowledge and agree to the following: 
  (i)    that you promptly will return to the Company all Company documents (and any copies thereof) and property, and that you shall abide by all provisions of all agreements executed by you governing confidentiality, proprietary information and the like, the terms of which shall survive the signing of this Agreement. Further, you agree that you will abide by any and all common law and/or statutory obligations relating to protection and non-disclosure of the Company s trade secrets and/or confidential and proprietary documents and information;  
    
  (ii)    that all information relating in any way to the negotiation of this Agreement, including the terms and amount of financial consideration provided for in this Agreement, shall be held confidential by you and shall not be publicized or disclosed to any person (other than an immediate family member, legal counsel or financial advisor, provided that any such individual to whom disclosure is made agrees to be bound by these confidentiality obligations), business entity or government agency (except as mandated by state or federal law), except that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit you from acting as a witness in an investigation with a state or federal agency if subpoenaed by the agency to do so;  
  (iii)    that for a period of 12 months year after the Separation Date you will not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity, directly or indirectly solicit (either orally or in writing), or in any manner attempt to influence or induce any employee of the Company to leave the employment of the Company;  
  (iv)    that for a period of 12 months year after the Separation Date you will not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity, directly or indirectly solicit (either orally or in writing), or in any manner attempt to influence or induce any surgeon, hospital, surgery center, supplier or agent of the Company to terminate, modify or amend its then-current relationship with the Company;  
  (v)    that for the period that the Company is paying you the Separation Pay that you shall cooperate with the Company in all reasonable ways to achieve a smooth transition and resolution to any open items on which you were working and that such activities shall be conducted in a constructive and positive manner;  
  (vi)    that you will not voluntarily assist any person in bringing or pursuing any litigation, arbitration, administrative claim or other formal proceeding, or any proposed litigation, arbitration, administrative claim, or other formal proceeding, against the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, officers, directors, employees or agents; and 
  (vii)    that a breach of this Section 4(a) shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy available to the Company, shall entitle the Company to recover any Separation Pay paid to you under Section 2 of this Agreement and to terminate the Extended Vesting Period. 
  (b)    Both parties agree: 
  (i)    that they shall not disparage, criticize or defame the other party and their respective directors, officers, agents, partners, stockholders, employees, products, services, technology or business, either publicly or privately.  Nothing   in this Section 4(b) shall have application to any evidence or testimony required by any court, arbitrator or government agency. 

(ii)    that a breach of this Section 4(b) shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy available to the Company, shall entitle the Company to recover any Separation Pay paid to you under Section 2 of this Agreement and to terminate the Extended Vesting Period. 
    5.        Your Release of Claims  .    You hereby agree and acknowledge that by signing this Agreement and accepting the Separation Pay, and for other good and valuable consideration, you are waiving your right to assert any and all forms of legal claims against the Company of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown, arising from the beginning of time through the Effective Date.  Except as set forth below, your waiver and release herein is intended to bar any form of legal claim, charge, complaint or any other form of action (jointly referred to as  Claims ) against the Company seeking any form of relief including, without limitation, equitable relief (whether declaratory, injunctive or otherwise), the recovery of any damages, or any other form of monetary recovery whatsoever (including, without limitation, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, emotional distress damages, punitive damages, attorney s fees and any other costs) against the Company, for any alleged action, inaction or circumstance existing or arising through the Effective Date. 
  Without limiting the foregoing general waiver and release, you specifically waive and release the Company from any Claim arising from or related to your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, including, without limitation: 
    
           ** 
    Claims under any state or federal discrimination, fair employment practices or other employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) prohibiting discrimination or harassment based upon any protected status including, without limitation, race, national origin, age, gender, marital status, disability, veteran status or sexual orientation.  Without limitation, specifically included in this paragraph are any Claims arising under the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code and any similar California or other state statute. 
       
           ** 
    Claims under any other state or federal employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) relating to wages, hours, exempt or non-exempt classification or any other terms and conditions of employment.   
       
           ** 
    Claims under any state or federal common law theory including, without limitation, wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract, promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of public policy, defamation, interference with contractual relations, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, misrepresentation, deceit, fraud or negligence. 
       
           ** 
    Any other Claim arising under state or federal law. 
       
  In addition to the forgoing, you hereby agree that you waive all rights under section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California.  Section 1542 provides that: 
    
  A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. 
    
    Pursuant to section 1542, you acknowledge that you may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to facts which you now know or believe to be true with regard to the released claims, and further agree that this Agreement shall remain effective in all respects not withstanding such discovery of new or different facts, including any such facts which may give rise to currently unknown claims, including but not limited to any claims or rights which you may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code.   
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section does not release the Company from any obligation expressly set forth in this Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that, but for providing this waiver and release, you would not be receiving the economic benefits being provided to you under the terms of this Agreement.  
    
  It is the Company s desire and intent to make certain that you fully understand the provisions and effects of this Agreement.  To that end, you have been encouraged and given the opportunity to consult with legal counsel for the purpose of reviewing the terms of this Agreement.  Also, if you are over the age of forty (40), and consistent with the provisions of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA ), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of age, the Company  

is providing you with twenty-one (21) days after the Separation Date in which to consider and accept the terms of this Agreement by signing below and returning it to Ebun Garner at the Company.  If you are not over the age of forty (40) you have seven days after the Separation Date in which to consider and accept the terms of this agreement by signing it and returning it to Ebun Garner at the Company.  In addition, regardless of your age, you have seven (7) days after the date that you deliver this Agreement to the Company to rescind your execution of this Agreement.  You must sign and deliver by hand or send by mail (certified, return receipt and postmarked within such applicable period) the executed Agreement to Ebun Garner at the Company.  Provided that you execute and deliver this Agreement, the eighth day following the date that you deliver this Agreement to the Company is the  Effective Date.  
    
    6  .      Miscellaneous  .    You acknowledge and agree that, except as set forth herein, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous oral and/or written agreements between you and the Company, and sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company.  No variations or modifications hereof shall be deemed valid unless reduced to writing and signed by the parties hereto.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of California and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of California without giving effect to conflict of law principles.  To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement, you and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance or interpretation of this Agreement shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Diego County, California, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ( JAMS ) under the applicable JAMS employment rules, or other arbitrator or arbitration rules to which you and the Company mutually agree.  The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a confidential written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award.  The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that you or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The parties to this agreement shall split equally all arbitrator and arbitration administrative fees.  In the event that either party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under or relating to this Agreement the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees incurred in connection with such an action.  Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either you or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if for any reason any part hereof shall be found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced in full.  The Company agrees that any person or entity making an inquiry concerning you or your employment with the Company shall be informed that it is the policy of the Company to make no comment on the performance of its employees other than to confirm the employee s period of employment and title. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you direct a prospective employer to contact either Leslie Cross or Donald Williams, the Company agrees that either of Messrs. Cross or Williams shall provide a reference to the prospective employer.     
  By executing this Agreement, you are acknowledging that you have been afforded sufficient time to understand the terms and effects of this Agreement, that your agreements and obligations hereunder are made voluntarily, knowingly and without duress, and that neither the Company nor its agents or representatives have made any representations inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.  
  [Signature Page Follows] 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please sign, date and return the enclosed copy of this Agreement to Ebun Garner at the Company. 
  Sincerely, 
  Alphatec Spine, Inc. 
  By:_/S/ Ebun Garner____________________ 
  Its: General Counsel and SVP 
  Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  By:_/S/ Ebun Garner_______________________ 
  Its: General Counsel and SVP 
  Dated:    __September 12, 2016______________ 
  Confirmed, Agreed and Acknowledged: 

/s/ James M. Corbett  _____ 
  James M. Corbett 

Dated:    __September 19, 2016_______ 

Exhibit A 
    
  Equity Grants 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 exh107moneillseparationagmt.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.7  
    
  ALPHATEC SPINE, INC. 
  ALPHATEC HOLDINGS, INC. 

October 5, 2016 
    
  Michael O Neill 
    
  Re:      Separation of Employment 
    
  Michael O Neill (hereinafter  you  or  your ): 
    
  The purpose of this letter agreement (the  Agreement ) is to set forth the terms of your separation from Alphatec Spine, Inc. and Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (collectively, and together with its affiliates, the  Company ).  Payment of the Separation Pay described below is contingent on your agreement to and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Neither this offer to you nor the Company s entering into this Agreement shall constitute an admission by the Company and this letter shall be construed as an offer of compromise.  
    
  1.      Separation of Employment  .    You agree and acknowledge that your employment with the Company will end on October 5, 2016 (the  Separation Date ) at 5:00 pm PST.      Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, you will have the right to continue your medical insurance pursuant to the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA") upon a qualifying event such as termination of employment.  You will receive your COBRA notice under separate cover.  In addition, you will receive all wages owed to you and all accrued and unused vacation regardless of whether you sign this Agreement.  
    
  2.        Separation Pay  .    In exchange for the mutual promises set forth in this Agreement, and if you do not revoke this Agreement as you are entitled to do as set forth below, and even though the Company has no prior obligation to provide you with separation benefits, provided that this Agreement is valid and in full force on the date that a payment is due to be paid, beginning on the Effective Date (as defined below) the Company will pay you a severance amount equal to (i) a severance amount equal to 52 weeks  salary, less applicable withholding amounts) (the  Weekly Separation Pay  and (ii) for a period of twelve months, a payment equal to the monthly cost of COBRA coverage under the Company s group health plan for you and your family members who are entitled to such COBRA coverage (the  COBRA Separation Pay ) (collectively, the Weekly Separation Pay and the COBRA Separation Pay shall be referred to as the  Separation Pay ).  The Weekly Separation Pay shall be paid to you in bi-weekly installments in accordance with the Company s payroll policies.  The COBRA Separation Pay shall be paid by the Company directly to its insurance carrier prior to such payment being due.  To the extent that you have income or FICA taxes imposed on the COBRA Separation Pay, the Company shall make a tax gross up to cover such taxes, with such amount payable your income and FICA taxes imposed on the COBRA Separation Pay.  The tax gross-up payment, if any, shall be paid to you no later than the end of the taxable year in which the applicable taxes are actually remitted to the taxing authorities.   
    
  You also agree that the Separation Pay to be provided to you is not intended to and does not constitute a severance plan and does not confer a benefit on anyone other than the parties. You further acknowledge that except for the specific consideration set forth in this Agreement, as of the Effective Date, you are not now and shall not in the future be entitled to any compensation from the Company including, without limitation, other wages, commissions, bonuses, vacation pay, holiday pay, paid time off or any other form of compensation or benefit.  The preceding sentence does not include reimbursement for expenses that have been incurred in accordance with the Company s polices prior to the Separation date. You represent by signing this Agreement and allowing the applicable revocation period to end that you have received all payments to which you are legally entitled.   With respect to any expenses incurred prior to the Separation Date, you will receive reimbursement for all expenses incurred in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policies regardless of whether you sign this Agreement. 
    
    3.        Equity Ownership Acknowledgment  .   You agree and acknowledge that, other than with respect to (i) any restricted stock for which the Company's repurchase right has lapsed; or (ii) the right to exercise any vested stock options pursuant to the terms of any applicable stock option agreement, you will own no equity in the Company or any rights to acquire equity in the Company through the Company s equity ownership program. You understand and acknowledge that you have only a limited time after termination of your employment to exercise vested stock options.  If you do not exercise vested options within three months following the end of the Extended Vesting Period, your options will cancel and you will not be able to exercise them in the future. 

4.        Confidentiality, Non-Solicitation and Mutual Non-Disparagement  .    You expressly acknowledge and agree to the following: 
  (i)    that you promptly will return to the Company all Company documents (and any copies thereof) and property, and that you shall abide by all provisions of all agreements executed by you governing confidentiality, proprietary information and the like, the terms of which shall survive the signing of this Agreement. Further, you agree that you will abide by any and all common law and/or statutory obligations relating to protection and non-disclosure of the Company s trade secrets and/or confidential and proprietary documents and information;  
    
  (ii)    that all information relating in any way to the negotiation of this Agreement, including the terms and amount of financial consideration provided for in this Agreement, shall be held confidential by you and shall not be publicized or disclosed to any person (other than an immediate family member, legal counsel or financial advisor, provided that any such individual to whom disclosure is made agrees to be bound by these confidentiality obligations), business entity or government agency (except as mandated by state or federal law), except that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit you from acting as a witness in an investigation with a state or federal agency if subpoenaed by the agency to do so;  
  (iii)    that for a period of 12 months after the Separation Date you will not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity, directly or indirectly solicit (either orally or in writing), or in any manner attempt to influence or induce any employee of the Company to leave the employment of the Company;  
  (iv)    that for a period of 12 months after the Separation Date you will not, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity, directly or indirectly solicit (either orally or in writing), or in any manner attempt to influence or induce any surgeon, hospital, surgery center, supplier or agent of the Company to terminate, modify or amend its then-current relationship with the Company;  
  (v)    that for the period that the Company is paying you the Separation Pay that you shall cooperate with the Company in all reasonable ways to achieve a smooth transition and resolution to any open items on which you were working and that such activities shall be conducted in a constructive and positive manner;  
  (vi)    that you will not voluntarily assist any person in bringing or pursuing any litigation, arbitration, administrative claim or other formal proceeding, or any proposed litigation, arbitration, administrative claim, or other formal proceeding, against the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, officers, directors, employees or agents;  
  (vii)    that you shall not disparage, criticize or defame the Company and its directors, officers, agents, partners, stockholders, employees, products, services, technology or business, either publicly or privately; and  
  (viii)    that a breach of this Section 4 shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy available to the Company, shall entitle the Company to recover any Separation Pay paid to you under Section 2 of this Agreement. 
    5.        Your Release of Claims  .    You hereby agree and acknowledge that by signing this Agreement and accepting the Separation Pay, and for other good and valuable consideration, you are waiving your right to assert any and all forms of legal claims against the Company of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown, arising from the beginning of time through the Effective Date. Except as set forth below, your waiver and release herein is intended to bar any form of legal claim, charge, complaint or any other form of action (jointly referred to as  Claims ) against the Company seeking any form of relief including, without limitation, equitable relief (whether declaratory, injunctive or otherwise), the recovery of any damages, or any other form of monetary recovery whatsoever (including, without limitation, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, emotional distress damages, punitive damages, attorney s fees and any other costs) against the Company, for any alleged action, inaction or circumstance existing or arising through the Effective Date. 
  Without limiting the foregoing general waiver and release, you specifically waive and release the Company from any Claim arising from or related to your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, including, without limitation: 
    
           ** 
    Claims under any state or federal discrimination, fair employment practices or other employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) prohibiting discrimination or harassment based upon any protected status including, without limitation, race, national origin, age, gender, marital status, disability, veteran status or sexual orientation.  Without limitation, specifically  

included in this paragraph are any Claims arising under the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code and any similar California or other state statute. 
    
           ** 
    Claims under any other state or federal employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) relating to wages, hours, exempt or non-exempt classification or any other terms and conditions of employment.   
       
           ** 
    Claims under any state or federal common law theory including, without limitation, wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract, promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of public policy, defamation, interference with contractual relations, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, misrepresentation, deceit, fraud or negligence. 
       
           ** 
    Any other Claim arising under state or federal law. 
       
  In addition to the forgoing, you hereby agree that you waive all rights under section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California.  Section 1542 provides that: 
    
  A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. 
    
    Pursuant to section 1542, you acknowledge that you may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to facts which you now know or believe to be true with regard to the released claims, and further agree that this Agreement shall remain effective in all respects not withstanding such discovery of new or different facts, including any such facts which may give rise to currently unknown claims, including but not limited to any claims or rights which you may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code.   
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section does not release the Company from any obligation expressly set forth in this Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that, but for providing this waiver and release, you would not be receiving the economic benefits being provided to you under the terms of this Agreement.  
    
  It is the Company s desire and intent to make certain that you fully understand the provisions and effects of this Agreement.  To that end, you have been encouraged and given the opportunity to consult with legal counsel for the purpose of reviewing the terms of this Agreement.  Also, if you are over the age of forty (40), and consistent with the provisions of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA ), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of age, the Company is providing you with twenty-one (21) days after the Separation Date in which to consider and accept the terms of this Agreement by signing below and returning it to Ebun Garner at the Company.  If you are not over the age of forty (40) you have seven days after the Separation Date in which to consider and accept the terms of this agreement by signing it and returning it to Ebun Garner at the Company.  In addition, regardless of your age, you have seven (7) days after the date that you deliver this Agreement to the Company to rescind your execution of this Agreement.  You must sign and deliver by hand or send by mail (certified, return receipt and postmarked within such applicable period) the executed Agreement to Ebun Garner at the Company.  Provided that you execute and deliver this Agreement, the eighth day following the date that you deliver this Agreement to the Company is the  Effective Date.  
    
    6  .      Miscellaneous  .    You acknowledge and agree that, except as set forth herein, this Agreement supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous oral and/or written agreements between you and the Company, and sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company.  No variations or modifications hereof shall be deemed valid unless reduced to writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of California and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of California without giving effect to conflict of law principles.  To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement, you and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance or interpretation of this Agreement shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Diego County, California, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ( JAMS ) under the applicable JAMS employment rules, or other arbitrator or arbitration rules to which you and the Company mutually agree.  The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a confidential written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award.  The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that you or the Company  

would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The parties to this agreement shall split equally all arbitrator and arbitration administrative fees.  Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either you or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if for any reason any part hereof shall be found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced in full.      
  By executing this Agreement, you are acknowledging that you have been afforded sufficient time to understand the terms and effects of this Agreement, that your agreements and obligations hereunder are made voluntarily, knowingly and without duress, and that neither the Company nor its agents or representatives have made any representations inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.  
  [Signature Page Follows] 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please sign, date and return the enclosed copy of this Agreement to Ebun Garner at the Company. 
  Sincerely, 
  Alphatec Spine, Inc. 
  By:_/S/ Craig Hunsaker____________________ 
  Its: EVP People   Culture 
  Alphatec Holdings, Inc. 
  By:__/S/ Craig Hunsaker____________________ 
  Its: EVP People   Culture 
  Dated:    ______________________ 
  Confirmed, Agreed and Acknowledged: 
    
  /s/ Michael O'Neill 
  _______________________________ 
  Michael O Neill 

Dated:    ______________________ 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 atec-20160930exx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Leslie H. Cross, certify that:  
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphatec Holdings, Inc.;  
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Leslie H. Cross 
        
    Leslie H. Cross 
  Chairman of the Board of Directors, Interim Chief Executive Officer  
  (principal executive officer) 
        
    November 9, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 atec-20160930exx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Dennis T. Nelson, certify that:  
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphatec Holdings, Inc.;  
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
  c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Dennis T. Nelson 
        
    Dennis T. Nelson  
  Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company) 
        
    November 9, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 atec-20160930exx32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32  
  CERTIFICATION UNDER  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Leslie H. Cross, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Interim Chief Executive Officer, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
                      Dated: 
    November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Leslie H. Cross 

Leslie H. Cross Chairman of the Board of Directors, Interim Chief Executive Officer  (principal executive officer) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dennis T. Nelson, Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
                      Dated:  
    November 9, 2016 
    /s/ Dennis T. Nelson 

Dennis T. Nelson  Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 atec-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 atec-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 atec-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 atec-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 atec-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 atec-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

