<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1491576_0001558370-16-009294_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5550029</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>312664</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>254134</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1787292</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1816938</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1002089</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009294.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104091802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TESARO, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001491576
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				272249687
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35587
		FILM NUMBER:		161973814

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WINTER STREET, SUITE 3300
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(339) 970-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WINTER STREET, SUITE 3300
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tesaro, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009294.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 tsro-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

tsro_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from          to           

Commission file number 001-35587 

TESARO, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(339) 970-0900 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company    

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   No   

As of October 31, 2016, there were 51,662,407 shares of the registrant s Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TESARO, INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No.  

PART I.      

FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)   

Item 1.    

Financial Statements   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016   

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine  months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   

5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

22 

Item 3.    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

35 

Item 4.    

Controls and Procedures   

35 

PART II.      

OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings   

36 

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors   

36 

Item 6.    

Exhibits   

40 

SIGNATURES      

41 

CERTIFICATIONS  

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATIO  N 

Item 1. Financial Statements  . 

TESARO, INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet  s 

(  all amounts in 000 s, except share and per share data  ) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

TESARO, INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operation  s and Comprehensive Loss 

(  all amounts in 000 s, except per share data  ) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

TESARO, INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow  s 

(  all amounts in 000 s  ) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

TESARO, INC. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statement  s 

(Unaudited) 

1.  Description of Business 

TESARO, Inc., or the Company or TESARO, was incorporated in Delaware on March 26, 2010 and commenced operations in May 2010.  Headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, TESARO is an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of cancer patients.  TESARO acquires, in-licenses, develops, and commercializes oncology products and product candidates.  Since incorporation, primary activities have consisted of acquiring product candidates, advancing development of these product candidates, developing intellectual property, recruiting personnel and raising capital.  As part of its business strategy, the Company intends to continue to in-license or acquire additional product candidates across various stages of development.  The Company operates in one segment.  The Company is subject to a number of risks, including dependence on key individuals, regulatory and manufacturing risks, risk associated with competitors, the need to develop additional commercially viable products, competition from other companies, many of which are larger and better capitalized, and the need to obtain adequate additional financing to fund the development and potential commercialization of its product candidates and further its in-licensing and acquisition activities. 

On September 1, 2015, the Company s first commercial product, VARUBI      (rolapitant), was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in combination with other antiemetic agents in adults for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, including, but not limited to, highly emetogenic chemotherapy.  The Company commenced sales of VARUBI during the fourth quarter of 2015.  In March 2016, the Company submitted a new drug application, or NDA, for intravenous rolapitant to the FDA which was accepted for review in May 2016, with a target Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, date of January 11, 2017. The Company also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, for oral rolapitant to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, in March 2016, which the EMA has accepted for review. 

In October 2016, the Company submitted an NDA to the FDA, and an MAA to the EMA, for its product candidate niraparib, for the maintenance treatment of recurrent platinum-sensitive ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer.  The EMA has accepted the MAA for review. 

The Company has incurred significant operating losses since inception and has relied on its ability to fund its operations through private and public equity and debt financings.  Management expects operating losses and negative operating cash flows to continue for the foreseeable future.  As the Company continues to incur losses, the transition to profitability is dependent upon the successful development, approval, and commercialization of its products and product candidates and the achievement of a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure.  The Company may never achieve profitability, and, unless and until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital.  On March 18, 2016, the Company closed a private placement of its common stock with certain accredited investors, whereby an aggregate of 4,404,658 shares of common stock were issued at a price per share of $35.19 for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $155.0 million.  On April 5, 2016, the Company closed a private placement of 1,130,198 shares of its common stock with one accredited investor for gross proceeds of approximately $50.0 million.  On July 7, 2016, the Company closed a follow-on public offering, whereby it issued an aggregate of 5,347,500 shares of its common stock at a price per share of $81.00, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $408.9 million.  Management intends to fund future operations in part through the proceeds from these financings and additional public or private equity or debt offerings and may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources. 

2.  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared by TESARO in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. 

6 

Table of Contents  

The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the operations of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Company currently operates in one business segment, which is the identification, acquisition, development and commercialization of oncology therapeutics and supportive care product candidates, and has a single reporting and operating unit structure. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the Company s annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted.  These interim financial statements, in the opinion of management, reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position and results of operations for the interim periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. 

The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full fiscal year.  These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the notes thereto, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, other comprehensive income and the related disclosures.  On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including estimates related to sales of its approved product, accrued clinical trial and manufacturing development expenses, which form part of the Company s research and development expenses, and stock-based compensation expense.  Significant estimates in these condensed consolidated financial statements include estimates made in connection with accrued research and development expenses, stock-based compensation expense, product revenue, license, collaboration, and other revenue, and valuation of convertible notes, inventory and intangible assets.  The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, known trends and other market-specific or other relevant factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results may differ from those estimates or assumptions.   

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly-liquid investments with original or remaining maturity from the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  Cash and cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and money market funds that invest primarily in certificates of deposit, commercial paper and U.S. government and U.S. government agency obligations.  Cash equivalents are reported at fair value. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company is required to disclose information on all assets and liabilities reported at fair value that enables an assessment of the inputs used in determining the reported fair values.  The fair value hierarchy prioritizes valuation inputs based on the observable nature of those inputs.  The fair value hierarchy applies only to the valuation inputs used in determining the reported fair value of the investments and is not a measure of investment credit quality.  The hierarchy defines three levels of valuation inputs: 

Level 1 inputs  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2 inputs  Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs, including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active 

Level 3 inputs  Unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability 

7 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities that have been measured at fair value as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs utilized to determine such fair value (in thousands): 

The carrying amounts of accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturities. 

In September 2014, the Company issued $201.3 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% convertible senior notes due October 1, 2021, or the Convertible Notes.  Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2015.  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, was $129.0 million and the estimated fair value of the principal amount was $588.7 million.  The Convertible Notes are discussed in more detail in Note 5,  Convertible Notes.  

Revenue Recognition 

Product Revenue 

Revenues from product sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title to the product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer has been reasonably assured, all performance obligations have been met, and returns and allowances can be reasonably estimated.  Product revenues are recorded net of estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, co-pay assistance and other deductions as well as estimated product returns.    Allowances are recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenues are recognized.  

VARUBI is currently distributed in the U.S. principally through a limited number of specialty distributors and to a lesser extent though the specialty pharmacy channel, or collectively, Customers.  Customers subsequently resell VARUBI to health care providers and patients.  

In addition to distribution agreements with Customers, the Company has entered into arrangements with many health care providers and payers that provide for government-mandated and/or privately-negotiated rebates, chargebacks and discounts with respect to the purchase of VARUBI.   

The Company has determined that it does not yet meet the criteria for the recognition of revenue for shipments of VARUBI at the time of shipment to its specialty pharmacy and specialty distributor customers.  For shipments of VARUBI from specialty distributors and from specialty pharmacies to providers and patients through September 30, 2016, allowances for rebates, chargebacks, discounts, co-pay assistance and other deductions are known or are estimable because they are based on the actual invoice information, claims data, or other market information and analyses.  As a result, the Company has concluded that it can recognize revenue related to such shipments.  For units that remained in distribution channel inventories as of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to conclude that it cannot yet reasonably make certain estimates necessary to recognize revenue on such shipments.    

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $2.8 million and $4.4 million in net product revenues, respectively, related to VARUBI sales.  No net product revenue was recorded for the   

8 

Table of Contents  

three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

Payments received from Customers in advance of recognition of revenue are recorded as deferred revenue, net of payments made to Customers, providers and payers, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The related deferred revenue balance (current) as of September 30, 2016 was $0.4 million.  No such amounts were recorded as of December 31, 2015.   

License, Collaboration and Other Revenue 

Revenues from license arrangements are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of goods or services has occurred including title to the product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer has been reasonably assured, all performance obligations have been met, and any associated reductions of revenue can be reasonably estimated.  The Company licenses certain rights to its product candidates to third parties.  Activities under licensing agreements are evaluated to determine if they represent a multiple element arrangement.  The Company identifies the deliverables included within the agreement and evaluates which deliverables represent separate units of accounting.  The Company accounts for those components as separate units of accounting if the following two criteria are met: 

the delivered item or items have stand-alone value to the customer; and     

delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable and substantially in the control of the Company, and the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s).     

Factors considered in this determination include, among other things, whether any other vendors sell the items separately and if the licensee could use the delivered item for its intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining deliverables.  The consideration that is fixed or determinable is allocated to the separate units of accounting based on the relative selling prices of each deliverable. The consideration allocated to each unit of accounting is recognized as the related goods and services are delivered. The amount allocable to the delivered units of accounting is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items or meeting other specified performance conditions. 

The Company determines the selling price on the basis of vendor-specific objective evidence, or VSOE, third party evidence, or best estimate of selling price.  VSOE is the price charged for a deliverable when it is sold separately. Third party evidence is the price that the Company or vendors charge for a similar deliverable when sold separately.  Best estimate is the price at which the Company would sell the deliverable if the deliverable were sold by the Company regularly on a stand-alone basis.  

When multiple deliverables are combined and accounted for as a single unit of accounting, the Company bases its revenue recognition on the last element to be delivered using the straight-line or proportional performance method depending on the Company s ability to estimate the timing of the delivery of the performance obligation.  Amounts received or recorded as receivable prior to satisfying the associated revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Amounts not expected to be recognized within one year following the balance sheet date are classified as non-current deferred revenue. 

If a future milestone payment under a license agreement is contingent upon the achievement of a substantive milestone, license revenue is recognized in its entirety in the period in which the milestone is achieved.  Nonsubstantive milestone payments that are paid based on the passage of time or as a result of the licensee s performance are allocated to the units of accounting within the arrangement and recognized as revenue when those deliverables are satisfied.  A milestone is substantive if:  

it can only be achieved based in whole or in part on either the Company s performance or the occurrence of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance;     

there is substantive uncertainty at the date an arrangement is entered into that the event will be achieved; and     

it would result in additional payments being due to the Company.       

9 

Table of Contents  

Commercial milestone and royalty payments received under license agreements will be recognized as license revenue when they are earned.  

In July 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement with J  iangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., or Hengrui, pursuant to which Hengrui has licensed   rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize rolapitant in China, including Hong Kong and Macao.  For this arrangement, the Company has determined that there is only one unit of accounting that includes the licensed patents and the licensed know-how, which will be delivered over a period of time.  The Company recorded $0.1 and $0.4 million of license revenue related to a $1.0 million up-front payment under this arrangement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and recorded $0.4 million as deferred revenue as of September 30, 2016.  This $1.0 million payment is being recognized as license revenue over the two-year period of performance relating to the Company s obligations to provide the licensed know-how to Hengrui.  Under the terms of the agreement, the Company would be entitled to additional payments of up to $2.0 million contingent on the achievement of certain regulatory milestones, as well as royalties on product sales at percentage rates in the low teens. 

In April 2016, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Janssen Biotech, Inc., or Janssen, under which the Company granted Janssen licenses under certain patent rights and know-how relating to niraparib, for prostate cancer worldwide.  See Note 11,  License and Collaboration Arrangements , for further discussion. 

In September 2016, the Company entered into a collaboration, development and license agreement with Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., or Zai Lab, under which the Company granted Zai Lab an exclusive license to develop and commercialize niraparib in China, including Hong Kong and Macao.  In addition, the agreement provides the Company with certain negotiation rights with respect to two immuno-oncology assets being developed by Zai Lab, and in return for certain consideration, an option for the Company to co-market niraparib in greater China with Zai Lab.  See Note 11,  License and Collaboration Arrangements , for further discussion. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and include: 

pre-commercial license fees and milestone payments related to the acquisition of in-licensed product candidates, which are reported on the statements of operations as acquired in-process research and development;     

employee-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense;     

fees and expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, investigative sites, research consortia and other entities in connection with the conduct of clinical trials and preclinical studies and related services, such as data management, laboratory and biostatistics services;     

the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients for product candidates that have not received regulatory approval, clinical trial materials and other research and development materials;     

fees and costs related to regulatory filings and activities;     

facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, utilities, maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies; and     

other costs associated with clinical, preclinical, discovery and other research activities.     

Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials and manufacturing development activities, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations, or information provided to the Company by its vendors on their actual costs incurred or level of effort expended.  Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from   

10 

Table of Contents  

the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as prepaid or accrued research and development expenses.  Certain clinical development costs incurred by the Company with respect to its niraparib program are reimbursed as part of a collaborative research agreement with Merck.  Cost-sharing amounts received by the Company are recorded as a reduction to research and development expenses. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expense 

The Company has acquired the rights to develop and commercialize new product candidates.  Up-front payments that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone payments, are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include processes or activities that would constitute a  business  as defined under GAAP, the drug has not achieved regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no alternative future use.  Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product.  Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the period the related revenues are recognized. 

Intangible Assets 

The Company maintains definite-lived intangible assets related to certain capitalized milestones.  These assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their remaining useful lives, which are estimated to be the remaining patent life.  If the Company s estimate of the product s useful life is shorter than the remaining patent life, then the shorter period is used.  Amortization expense is recorded as a component of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company assesses its intangible assets for impairment if indicators are present or changes in circumstance suggest that impairment may exist.  Events that could result in an impairment, or trigger an interim impairment assessment, include the receipt of additional clinical or nonclinical data regarding one of the Company s drug candidates or a potentially competitive drug candidate, changes in the clinical development program for a drug candidate or new information regarding potential sales for the drug.    If impairment indicators are present or changes in circumstance suggest that impairment may exist, the Company performs a recoverability test by comparing the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows of each intangible asset to its carrying value on the consolidated balance sheet.  If the undiscounted cash flows used in the recoverability test are less than the carrying value, the Company would determine the fair value of the intangible asset and recognize an impairment loss if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Stock-based compensation is recognized as expense for each stock-based award based on its estimated fair value.  The Company determines the fair value of each stock option award at its grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  The Company determines the fair value of each restricted stock unit at its grant date based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on that date.  The value of the award is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and is adjusted for pre-vesting forfeitures in the period in which the forfeitures occur.  For stock awards that have a performance condition, the Company recognizes compensation expense based on its assessment of the probability that the performance condition will be achieved, using an accelerated attribution model, over the explicit or implicit service period. 

Inventory 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value, on a first-in, first-out, or FIFO, basis.    

Prior to the regulatory approval of its product candidates, the Company incurs expenses for the manufacture of drug product that could potentially be available to support the commercial launch of its products.  Until the first reporting period when regulatory approval has been received or is otherwise considered probable, the Company records all such costs as research and development expense.  The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels, and writes down inventory that has become obsolete, inventory that has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable value and inventory in excess of expected sales requirements as cost of product sales.  The determination of whether inventory   

11 

Table of Contents  

costs will be realizable requires estimates by management.  If actual market conditions are less favorable than projected by management, additional write-downs of inventory may be required, which would be recorded as a cost of product sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 

New Accounting Pronouncements - Recently Adopted 

In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2014-12.  The amendments in this ASU apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target can be achieved after a requisite service period.  The amendments require an entity to treat a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, as a performance condition.  A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, or Topic 718 relating to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards.  The performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award.  Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2016, and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, which provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.  If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract.  The guidance will not change GAAP for a customer s accounting for service contracts.  ASU No. 2015-05 is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted.  An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date, or (2) retrospectively.  For prospective transition, the only disclosure requirements at transition are the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, and a qualitative description of the financial statement line items affected by the change.  For retrospective transition, the disclosure requirements at transition include the requirements for prospective transition and quantitative information about the effects of the accounting change.  The Company adopted this ASU prospectively on January 1, 2016 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, which simplifies various aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees.  Key provisions of the new standard include requiring excess tax benefits and shortfalls to be recorded as income tax benefit or expense in the income statement, rather than in equity, and permitting an election to record the impact of pre-vesting forfeitures as they occur.  The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  The Company   elected to early adopt ASU No. 2016-09 during the quarter ended June 30, 2016, retroactive to January 1, 2016. 

Impact of Adoption 

As a result of adopting ASU No. 2016-09 during 2016, the Company adjusted retained earnings for the impact of its accounting policy election to recognize share-based award forfeitures only as they occur rather than by applying an estimated forfeiture rate as previously required.  ASU No. 2016-09 requires that this change be applied using a modified-retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which the guidance is adopted.  The following table summarizes the impact to the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet, including the amount charged to retained earnings as of January 1, 2016 (in thousands): 

Balance Sheet Classification  

Amount  

Increase to additional paid-in capital resulting from the Company's election to recognize forfeitures as they occur rather than applying an estimated forfeiture rate  

Additional paid-in capital  

$ 1,278  

Charge to accumulated deficit for cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU No. 2016-09  

Accumulated deficit  

$ 1,278  

12 

Table of Contents  

In addition, the Company s stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and additional-paid in capital as of March 31, 2016 have also been revised to reflect the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, resulting in increases of approximately $0.2 million to both additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit, compared to the amounts originally reported. 

New Accounting Pronouncements - Recently Issued 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, which amends the guidance for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers.  This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and creates a new Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  Two adoption methods are permitted: retrospectively to all prior reporting periods presented, with certain practical expedients permitted; or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the ASU recognized at the date of initial application.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date, including interim periods within those periods.  The FASB also approved permitting early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016.  In 2016, the FASB has issued three additional ASUs related to Topic 606: ASU Nos. 2016-08, 2016-10, and 2016-12.  These ASUs clarify various aspects of the new revenue guidance, including principal versus agent considerations, identifying performance obligations, and licensing, and include other improvements and practical expedients.  The Company plans to early adopt the requirements of this new standard in the first quarter of 2017, using the full retrospective transition method.  The Company has not yet completed its assessment of the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements, but expects that the adoption will at least impact the amount and timing of certain revenues recognized through the periods prior to adoption, and the impact may be material to certain periods. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, which is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  Substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or are available to be issued).  ASU No. 2014-15 provides guidance to an organization s management, with principles and definitions intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures commonly provided by organizations in the footnotes of their financial statements.  ASU No. 2014-15 is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company has not yet adopted this standard; however, i  f this standard had been adopted as of September 30, 2016, the Company believes that it would have concluded there was not substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.   

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, which amends existing guidance for measurement of inventory.  Current inventory guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market.  Market could be replacement cost, net realizable value, or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin.  The amendments do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.  The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out or average cost.  An entity should measure all inventory to which the amendments apply at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.  Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method.  The amendments in this ASU more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards.  The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  The amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued   ASU No. 2016-02,   a comprehensive new lease accounting standard, which provides revised guidance on accounting for lease arrangements by both lessors and lessees and requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for most leases.  The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  The new standard must be applied using a modified retrospective transition method which requires application of the new guidance for all periods presented.  The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact that the adoption of   

13 

Table of Contents  

this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued   ASU No. 2016-15, which is intended to simplify and clarify how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows, and to reduce diversity in practice for such transactions.  This ASU addresses eight specific issues regarding classification of cash flows.  The standard is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.  The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method.    The Company believes that the adoption of this guidance will not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3.  Net Loss per Share 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without consideration of common stock equivalents.  The Company s potentially dilutive shares, which include outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock units, and shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, are considered to be common stock equivalents and are only included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share when their effect is dilutive.  

The following table presents amounts that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, due to their anti-dilutive effect (in thousands):  

In September 2014, the Company issued Convertible Notes, which provide in certain situations for the conversion of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a predefined conversion rate.  See Note 5,  Convertible Notes , for additional information.  In conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company entered into capped call option transactions, or Capped Calls, with certain counterparties.  The Capped Calls are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution, and/or offset, to an extent, the cash payments the Company may choose to make in excess of the principal amount, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.  

As provided by the terms of the indenture underlying the Convertible Notes, the Company has a choice to settle the conversion obligation for the Convertible Notes in cash, shares or any combination of the two.  The Company currently intends to settle the par value of the Convertible Notes in cash and any excess conversion premium in shares.  Accordingly, the par value of the Convertible Notes will not be included in the calculation of diluted net income per share, but the dilutive effect of the conversion premium will be considered in the calculation of diluted net income per share using the treasury stock method.  The share figures in the table above represent the estimated incremental shares that would be issued, after consideration of the Capped Calls, assuming conversion of all of the outstanding Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2015 and 2016.  The Convertible Notes were not convertible as of September 30, 2016.  

4. Inventories 

The following table presents inventories as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

14 

Table of Contents  

5.  Convertible Notes 

On September 29, 2014, in a registered underwritten public offering, the Company completed the issuance of $201.3 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes.  In conjunction with the sale of the Convertible Notes, the Company used $20.8 million of the net proceeds to enter into separate Capped Calls. 

The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1, and will be convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election.  The Convertible Notes will mature on October 1, 2021, unless earlier converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms.  Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding April 1, 2021, the Convertible Notes will be convertible only upon the occurrence of certain events and during certain periods as discussed below, and thereafter, at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date.  The initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes is approximately $35.13 per share of common stock at an initial conversion rate of 28.4627 shares of the Company s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes.  

The conversion rate is subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the issuance of stock dividends and payment of cash dividends.  At any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding April 1, 2021, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option only under the following circumstances: 

(1) 

during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2014 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the closing sale price of the Company s common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter in which the conversion occurs is greater than 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day;     

(2) 

during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period, or the measurement period, in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the closing sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or     

(3) 

upon the occurrence of specified corporate events.     

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, was $129.0 million and the estimated fair value of the principal amount was $588.7 million.      As provided by the terms of the indenture underlying the Convertible Notes, the Company has a choice to settle the conversion obligation for the Convertible Notes in cash, shares or any combination of the two.  The Company currently intends to settle the par value of the Convertible Notes in cash and any excess conversion premium in shares.    

The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to the Convertible Notes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 (in thousands): 

15 

Table of Contents  

6.  Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company maintains several equity compensation plans, including the TESARO, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan, or the 2012 Incentive Plan, the TESARO, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2010 Incentive Plan, the TESARO, Inc. 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2015 Director Plan, and the TESARO, Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the 2012 ESPP. 

On April 27, 2012, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2012 Incentive Plan, which had been previously adopted by the board of directors.  Upon effectiveness of the 2012 Incentive Plan, the Company ceased making awards under the 2010 Incentive Plan.  The 2012 Incentive Plan initially allowed the Company to grant awards for up to 1,428,571 shares of common stock plus the number of shares of common stock available for grant under the 2010 Incentive Plan as of the effectiveness of the 2012 Incentive Plan (an additional 6,857 shares) plus the number of shares of common stock related to awards outstanding under the 2010 Incentive Plan that terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, cash settlement or otherwise.  In addition, each year starting in 2014, the number of shares available for grants of awards under the 2012 Incentive Plan is increased automatically on January 1 by a number of shares of common stock equal to the lesser of 4% of the shares of common stock outstanding at such time or the number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors.  Most recently, on January 1, 2015 and 2016, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2012 Incentive Plan was increased by 1,444,403 shares and 1,611,191 shares, respectively.  On May 14, 2015, the stockholders of the Company approved an increase of 2,000,000 shares of common stock available for grant under the 2012 Incentive Plan. Awards under the 2012 Incentive Plan may include the following award types: stock options, which may be either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options; stock appreciation rights; restricted stock; restricted stock units; dividend equivalent rights; performance shares; performance units; cash-based awards; other stock-based awards, including unrestricted shares; or any combination of the foregoing.  The exercise price of stock options granted under the 2012 Incentive Plan is equal to the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

On May 14, 2015, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2015 Director Plan, which had been previously adopted by the board of directors in order to have a plan in addition to the 2012 Incentive Plan for purposes of granting awards to non-employee directors.  The 2015 Director Plan allows the Company to grant awards for up to 500,000 shares of common stock.  Awards under the 2015 Director Plan may include the following award types: stock options; stock appreciation rights; restricted stock; restricted stock units; unrestricted stock; or any combination of the foregoing.  The exercise price of stock options granted under the 2015 Director Plan is equal to the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on the grant date.  On May 11, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2015 Director Plan that limits the maximum number of shares of stock subject to awards granted in any calendar year to any non-employee director of the Company to 50,000 shares and affirms that 500,000 shares are reserved for issuance under the 2015 Director Plan. 

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09. Upon adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, the Company made an accounting policy election to account for the impact of pre-vesting forfeitures as they occur rather than by applying an estimated forfeiture rate, as previously required. See Note 2,    Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies ,   for more details regarding the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09. 

Stock-based compensation expense as reflected in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss was as follows (in thousands): 

16 

Table of Contents  

Stock Options 

The following table presents a summary of the Company s stock option activity and related information: 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $108.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which the Company expects to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of 2.8 years.  

Restricted Stock Units 

The following table presents a summary of the Company s restricted stock unit, or RSU, activity and related information: 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $28.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which the Company expects to recognize over a remaining weighted-average period of 3.4 years.   

In July 2016, the Company issued 15,000 restricted stock units with service and performance conditions to certain employees, none of which vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Vesting of these awards is contingent on the occurrence of certain milestone events and fulfillment of any remaining service condition.  As a result, the related compensation cost is recognized as an expense when achievement of the milestone is considered probable.  The Company recognized $0.2 million of related expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

ESPP 

Under the Company s 2012 ESPP, an aggregate of 275,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to purchase rights granted to the Company s employees or to employees of the Company s designated subsidiaries.  As of September 30, 2016, 211,498 shares remained available for issuance.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, the Company issued 7,523 and 25,225 shares under the 2012 ESPP, and recognized approximately $0.2 million and $0.7 million in related stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 

7.  Common Stock Transactions 

In March 2015, the Company sold 3,755,000 shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering at a price to the public of $51.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $191.5 million.  Net proceeds to the Company after deducting fees, commissions and other expenses related to the offering were approximately $179.8 million.  The shares were issued pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3. 

17 

Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the Company sold 4,404,658 shares of common stock in a private placement offering at a price of $35.19 per share,   to certain accredited investors, including funds affiliated with three of its directors and current investors,   resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $155.0 million.  The price per share was equal to the volume weighted average price for the ten-day period ending on March 17, 2016.  There were no placement agents used for this financing.  The sale and issuance of the shares of common stock in the private placement was made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  

In April 2016, the Company sold 1,130,198 shares of common stock to Johnson   Johnson Innovation   JJDC, Inc., or JJDC, at a price per share of $44.24, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $50.0 million.  The price per share was equal to the volume weighted average price for the five-day period ending on April 4, 2016.  There were no placement agents used, or any underwriting discounts or commissions paid in connection with the transaction.  The sale and issuance of the shares of common stock was made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  

In July 2016, the Company sold 5,347,500 shares of common stock, which included 697,500 shares pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters  option, in an underwritten public offering at a price to the public of $81.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately     $433.1 million.  Net proceeds to the Company after deducting fees, commissions and other expenses related to the offering were approximately $408.9 million.  The shares were issued pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3. 

8.  Income Taxes 

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.  A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, the Company did not record any current or deferred income tax provisions or benefits.  Due to the uncertainty surrounding the future realization of the favorable tax attributes, the Company has recorded full valuation allowances against its otherwise recognizable net deferred tax assets at both December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016. 

9. Intangible Assets 

The following table presents intangible assets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $0.5 million and $1.4 million in amortization expense related to this intangible asset, respectively.  Estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 is $0.5 million for the remainder of 2016, $1.9 million per year for 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, and $5.5 million thereafter. 

10.  Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company leases approximately 116,000 square feet of office space in Waltham, Massachusetts under a non-cancelable operating lease agreement.  The term of the lease commenced on April 1, 2013.  In August 2016, the lease was amended to extend the term through June 30, 2020 and to add 45,000 square feet to the Company s existing space in the same building.  The Company recognizes rental expense on a straight-line basis over the respective lease term including any free rent periods and tenant allowances.   

Future minimum rental commitments under the lease as of September 30, 2016 were $0.8 million for the   

18 

Table of Contents  

remainder of the year ending December 31, 2016 and $4.6 million, $5.0 million, $5.0 million, and $2.5 million for the years ending December 31, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.  No amounts are due thereafter.  

The Company has entered into agreements with certain vendors for the provision of services, including services related to data management, clinical and commercial operation support and diagnostic test development, that the Company is not able to terminate for convenience under its contracts, and thus avoid any and all future obligations to the vendors.  Under such agreements, the Company is contractually obligated to make certain minimum payments to the vendors, with the exact amounts in the event of termination to be based on the timing of the termination and the exact terms of the agreement. 

The Company has certain obligations under licensing agreements with third parties that are contingent upon achieving various development, regulatory and commercial milestones.  Pursuant to these license agreements, the Company is required to make milestone payments if certain development, regulatory and commercial sales milestones are achieved, and may have certain additional research funding obligations.  Also, pursuant to the terms of each of these license agreements, when and if commercial sales of a product commence, the Company will pay royalties to its licensors on net sales of the respective products. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company may periodically become subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in connection with ongoing business activities, including claims or disputes related to patents that have been issued or that are pending in the field of research on which the Company is focused.  The Company is not a party to any material litigation and does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. 

11. License and Collaboration Arrangements 

Merck Sharp   Dohme Corp  

In May 2015, the Company entered into a research agreement with Merck Sharp   Dohme Corp., or Merck, a subsidiary of Merck   Co., Inc., to perform a trial to evaluate the preliminary safety and efficacy of niraparib plus KEYTRUDA      in patients with triple negative breast cancer and patients with ovarian cancer.  Under the terms of this agreement, the Company is responsible for providing niraparib study materials and for carrying out clinical research activities.  The Company and Merck share in the external costs of the study equally, with certain exceptions.  The Company records cost-sharing payments due from Merck as reductions of research and development expense.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $1.1 million and $2.9 million in external costs related to this study, of which $0.6 million and $1.4 million is reimbursable by Merck, respectively.  At September 30, 2016, $0.6 million of cost-sharing receivable from Merck has been recorded in accounts receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Janssen Biotech, Inc. 

On April 5, 2016, the Company entered into separate transactions with Janssen Biotech, Inc., or Janssen, and its affiliate, Johnson   Johnson Innovation   JJDC, Inc., or JJDC, consisting of a collaboration and license agreement with Janssen, or the Collaboration Agreement, and a stock purchase agreement and investor agreement, each with JJDC (the  Stock Purchase Agreement  and the  Investor Agreement,  respectively, and collectively with the Collaboration Agreement, the  Agreements ).   

Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company granted Janssen licenses under certain patent rights and know-how relating to niraparib for prostate cancer worldwide, except for Japan.  Janssen will conduct all development and commercialization of niraparib in the field of prostate cancer worldwide (excluding Japan).  With the exception of China, the Company retains all rights worldwide to develop and commercialize niraparib outside of prostate cancer.  

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, within 30 days after the date of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company agreed to provide Janssen with electronic copies of certain know-how relating to development of niraparib.  In addition, and in return for certain reimbursement, the Company is also responsible for manufacturing and supplying to Janssen all of Janssen s requirements of active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, for niraparib and niraparib products to   

19 

Table of Contents  

be used by Janssen for its development activities in prostate cancer indications.  The Company is also responsible for manufacturing of certain niraparib products and API for commercial sale in the field of prostate cancer.  In both cases, the Company will receive reimbursement from Janssen that will at least cover the cost of providing such manufacturing services. 

The Company received a $35 million up-front, nonrefundable license fee from Janssen.  Assuming successful development and commercialization of niraparib products for prostate cancer, the Company could receive up to an additional $415 million in clinical, regulatory and sales milestones as well as tiered, double-digit royalties on aggregate net sales of products in the field of prostate cancer.  Janssen is responsible for funding all development and commercialization of niraparib in prostate cancer worldwide (excluding Japan), including research, development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization activities.  Janssen may terminate the Collaboration Agreement at any time after April 5, 2017 upon 90 days  written notice, upon termination of the Merck License Agreement or in the event of certain safety concerns.  Either party may terminate the Collaboration Agreement for uncured material breach or bankruptcy.  

The Company evaluated the Collaboration Agreement under ASC Subtopic 605-25,  Multiple Element Arrangements .  The Company identified four deliverables including: (1) the licenses under certain patent rights relating to niraparib for prostate cancer worldwide, except for Japan, and transfer of certain development and regulatory information within 30 days after the Effective Date; (2) the participation in Joint Committees; (3) the Company s obligation to supply API for Janssen s development needs; and (4) the Company s obligation to manufacture clinical supply of niraparib product.  Each deliverable was determined to have a stand-alone value and to meet the criteria to be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting.  For the license and manufacturing deliverables, the Company considered the manufacturing capabilities of Janssen, Janssen s right to sublicense and manufacture API, and the fact that the manufacturing services are not proprietary and can be provided by other vendors.  The Company is obligated to participate in the Joint Committees and provide development, regulatory and commercialization information to Janssen and, therefore, the Company identified the participation in the Joint Committees as a separate deliverable. 

The consideration allocable to the delivered unit or units of accounting is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items or meeting other specified performance conditions.  Therefore, the Company will exclude from the allocable consideration the milestone payments and royalties, regardless of the probability that such milestone and royalty payments will be made, until the events that give rise to such payments actually occur.  Consideration for manufacturing services was not allocated because the amount is not fixed and determinable and it is not being provided at a significant and incremental discount. 

The Company allocated consideration to each unit of accounting using the relative selling price method based on the Company s best estimate of selling price for the license and other deliverables.  The best estimate of selling price for the license was calculated using an income approach model and using the following key assumptions: the development timeline, revenue forecast, discount rate and probabilities of technical and regulatory success.  The Company believes that a change in the assumptions used to determine its best estimate of selling price for the license most likely would not have a significant effect on the allocation of consideration transferred. 

The amount that the Company recognized concurrent with the transfer of license and certain development and regulatory know-how was limited to the lesser of the amount otherwise allocable using the relative selling price method, which was $45.1 million, or the non-contingent amount, which was the $35.0 million up-front fee.  As the remaining deliverables are provided, any consideration received would be first allocated to license revenue until such time as the full $45.1 million has been recognized as license revenue.  Thereafter, any consideration received will be allocated to all deliverables based on their relative percentages.  Through September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $35.8 million as license and collaboration revenue under the Collaboration Agreement. 

Revenue allocated to the manufacturing unit of accounting is recognized when general revenue recognition criteria are met, under the proportional performance method.  Revenue allocated to the participation in Joint Committees unit of accounting is recognized on a straight-line basis over the Company s estimate of the period of the obligation to participate in Joint Committees through the completion of any non-contingent deliverables.   

The Company determined that the milestone payments under the Collaboration Agreement are not subject to ASC Subtopic 605-28,  Milestone Method , because the achievement of the milestone events depends solely on Janssen s performance.  The milestone payments will instead be allocated to license revenue and the other units of   

20 

Table of Contents  

accounting based on the relative selling price percentages and the revenue associated with the milestone payment will then be recognized in accordance with the pattern of recognition for each unit of accounting to which it was allocated.  The Company will recognize royalty revenue and commercial milestones when the specified net sales threshold is achieved.  For income statement presentation, sales-based royalties are recognized as earned. 

Additionally, the Company considered whether the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Investor Agreement with JJDC would be subject to combination with the Collaboration Agreement.  The Company determined that they should not be combined because the deliverables and terms in these arrangements are not closely interrelated or interdependent in terms of payment or functionality, the arrangements were negotiated separately, and the common stock was sold at approximately its fair value.  

In connection with entry into the Agreements with Janssen discussed above, the Company also entered into Amendment No. 1 to the License Agreement dated as of May 22, 2012 by and between the Company and Merck.  This amendment was executed in April 2016 to make certain conforming changes to the Agreements with Janssen.  

Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 

On September 28, 2016, or the Effective Date, the Company entered into a Collaboration, Development and License Agreement, or the Zai Agreement, with Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., or Zai Lab.  Under the terms of the Zai Agreement, the Company exclusively licensed the rights to develop and commercialize niraparib to Zai Lab for the territories of China, Hong Kong and Macau, or the China Territories.  Zai will conduct all development and commercialization of niraparib in the China Territories, except for prostate cancer.  The Company retains all rights outside of the China Territories, to develop and commercialize niraparib with the exception of prostate cancer.  

Under the terms of the Zai Agreement, the Company will receive a $15.0 million upfront, nonrefundable license fee from Zai Lab in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Assuming successful development and commercialization of niraparib products in the China Territories, the Company could receive additional clinical, regulatory and sales milestones as well as tiered, double-digit royalties on aggregate net sales of products in the China Territories.  Zai Lab is responsible for funding all development and commercialization of niraparib in the China Territories, including research, development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization activities.  The term of the Zai Agreement continues, on a country-by-country basis, until the later of expiration of the last patent in the China Territories covering the niraparib product, or ten years from the first commercial sale in such country.  The Zai Agreement may also be terminated by Zai Lab at any time upon prior written notice, or by either party for material breach or insolvency. 

Pursuant to the Zai Agreement, over the six-month period commencing on the Effective Date, the Company agreed to provide Zai Lab with electronic copies of certain know-how relating to the development of niraparib, as well as technical assistance.  In addition, and in return for certain reimbursement, the Company is also responsible for manufacturing and supplying to Zai Lab an initial supply of certain materials for niraparib.  The Company may also become responsible for manufacturing of certain niraparib products and materials for commercial sale in certain instances based on regulatory requirements in the China Territories.  In both cases, the Company will receive reimbursement from Zai Lab that will at least cover the cost of providing such manufacturing services. 

The Zai Agreement also provides the Company with an option to co-market niraparib in the China Territories with Zai Lab, in return for certain consideration.  This co-marketing right must be exercised by the Company prior to the first anniversary of the launch of niraparib in the China Territories.    

In addition, the Zai Agreement provides the Company with the right of first refusal with respect to licenses for two novel, discovery-stage immuno-oncology programs from Zai Lab. 

The Company evaluated the Zai Agreement under ASC Subtopic 605-25,  Multiple Element Arrangements . As a result of the inclusion of the co-marketing option and its associated potential future payment, the contract price was determined not to be reasonably estimable. Therefore, the Company has concluded that it has not met certain of the above revenue recognition criteria, and no revenue has been recognized associated with the Zai Agreement. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysi  s of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial information and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial information and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be deemed to be forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws.  In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, words such as  may,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,  and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

Examples of forward looking statements contained in this report include statements regarding the following: our intent to in-license or acquire additional product candidates; our expectation that research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in the future; our expectations regarding the timing and design of our clinical development plans, the timing of regulatory filings, and the timing of data from clinical trials, with respect to each of our IV rolapitant, niraparib, TSR-042, and TSR-022 programs; our expected gross-to-net adjustment range for VARUBI    our expectation that we will continue to incur significant expenses, and our expectation that our operating losses and negative cash flows will continue to increase for the foreseeable future; the expected impact of recent accounting pronouncements and guidance on our financial statements; and our needs for additional capital and the forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations. 

Our actual results and the timing of certain events may differ materially from the results discussed, projected, anticipated or indicated in any forward-looking statements.  We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 

These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the uncertainties inherent in the development or launch of any new pharmaceutical product and the execution and completion of clinical trials, uncertainties surrounding the timing of availability of data from our clinical trials, uncertainties regarding ongoing discussions with and actions by regulatory authorities, patient accrual rates for clinical trials, manufacturing and supply risks, and other matters that could affect the timing of data, the potential regulatory approval, or the commercial availability of our product candidates or the success of any product.  The following information and any forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including under the heading  Risk Factors,  and in light of factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us, which speak only as of the date they are made.  We disclaim any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the SEC, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We are an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of cancer patients.  We have in-licensed and are currently developing several oncology-related product candidates, including rolapitant, niraparib, and the product candidates under our immuno-oncology platform. 

On September 1, 2015, our first commercial product, VARUBI, which is the oral formulation of rolapitant, was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for use in combination with other antiemetic agents in adults for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, including, but not limited to, highly emetogenic chemotherapy.  We commenced shipments of VARUBI to distributors in November 2015.  

22 

Table of Contents  

A summary description of our current products and product candidates is as follows: 

Rolapitant   is a potent and long-acting neurokinin-1, or NK-1, receptor antagonist for the prevention of chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting, or CINV.  The oral form of rolapitant, VARUBI, has been approved for commercialization in the United States, and we are also developing an intravenous, or IV, formulation of rolapitant.  In March 2016, we submitted a new drug application, or NDA, for IV rolapitant to the FDA which was accepted for review in May 2016, with a target Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, date of January 11, 2017. We also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, for oral rolapitant to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, in March 2016, which the EMA has accepted for review.      

Niraparib   is an orally active and potent poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase, or PARP, inhibitor.  We currently have several ongoing clinical trials evaluating niraparib for the treatment of ovarian or breast cancers, and we expect to initiate activities in support of further clinical trials of niraparib during 2016.  We are also collaborating with various other organizations to evaluate niraparib in combination with other therapeutics for the treatment of various cancers.  Based on research related to PARP inhibitors generally, we believe that niraparib may also be active in the treatment of several other tumor types.  In June 2016, we announced that the Phase 3 NOVA trial of niraparib successfully achieved its primary endpoint, demonstrating that niraparib significantly prolonged progression-free survival, or PFS, compared to control among patients with platinum-sensitive, recurrent ovarian cancer.  We submitted an NDA and an MAA for niraparib in October 2016.  The EMA has accepted the MAA for review.     

Immuno-Oncology Platform  : In March 2014, we added immuno-oncology programs   to our portfolio of product candidates by entering into a collaboration and exclusive license agreement with AnaptysBio, Inc., or AnaptysBio, for the discovery and development of antibodies for several immuno-oncology targets.  We submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND, for our first immuno-oncology antibody, TSR-042, which targets PD-1, to the FDA in December 2015, and we initiated a Phase 1, dose escalation study in March 2016.  In April 2016, we submitted an IND to the FDA, for our second immuno-oncology antibody, TSR-022, which targets TIM-3, and in July 2016, we commenced the dosing of the first patient in a Phase 1, dose escalation study.  We have commenced pre-clinical research for our antibody candidate targeting LAG-3, TSR-033, and expect to initiate a Phase 1 study in 2017.  As part of our collaboration with AnaptysBio, we received exclusive rights to monospecific antibody product candidates targeting PD-1, TIM-3, and LAG-3 and bi-specific antibody product candidates targeting PD-1/TIM-3, PD-1/LAG-3 and an additional bi-specific     combination.  In addition, we plan to evaluate our immuno-oncology anti-tumor agents, such as TSR-042, in combination preclinical pharmacology studies with niraparib and other anti-tumor agents.     

In February 2016, we entered into an exclusive collaboration with the Institute for Applied Cancer Science at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, or MDACC, to discover and develop small molecule product candidates against undisclosed immuno-oncology targets.  This collaboration is intended to leverage MDACC s expertise in drug discovery and translational medicine and our oncology drug development and commercialization capabilities.  Under terms of the agreement, we will receive exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize any small molecule product candidates that result from this collaboration.  MDACC will be responsible for conducting research activities aimed at identifying clinical candidates with defined characteristics targeting certain immuno-oncology targets.  We will fund research, development, and commercialization expenses for this collaboration. 

In April 2016, we entered into a global prostate cancer collaboration and license agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with Janssen Biotech, Inc., or Janssen, under which we granted Janssen licenses under certain patent rights and know-how relating to niraparib, for prostate cancer worldwide, except for Japan.  We retain all rights worldwide (except China) to develop and commercialize niraparib outside of prostate cancer.  In connection with the execution of the Collaboration Agreement, we received a $35.0 million up-front license fee from Janssen, and assuming successful development and commercialization of niraparib products for prostate cancer, we could receive up to an additional $415 million in clinical, regulatory and sales milestones as well as tiered, double-digit royalties on aggregate net sales of products in the field of prostate cancer.  Janssen is responsible for conducting and funding all development and commercialization of niraparib in prostate cancer worldwide (excluding Japan), including research, development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization activities.  We also entered into separate stock purchase and investor agreements with an affiliate of Janssen, Johnson   Johnson Innovation   JJDC, Inc., or JJDC, whereby we sold and issued 1,130,198 shares of our common stock to JJDC on April 5, 2016 at a price per share of $44.24, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $50.0 million.   

23 

Table of Contents  

In September 2016, we entered into a collaboration, development and license agreement with Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., or Zai Lab.  Under the terms of the agreement, we granted to Zai Lab an exclusive license to develop and commercialize niraparib for the territories of China, Hong Kong and Macao, or the China Territories.  In partial consideration for the license grant to Zai Lab for the China Territories, Zai Lab will pay us a non-refundable, up-front license fee of $15.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2016.  We will be eligible to receive milestone payments contingent on Zai Lab achieving certain specified development and commercial goals.  In return for certain consideration, we also have an option to co-market niraparib in the China Territories with Zai Lab; if we elect not to exercise this option, we will be eligible to receive tiered royalties based on percentages of net sales of niraparib in the China Territories ranging from the mid- to high-teens.  This agreement also provides the Company with the right of first refusal with respect to licenses for two novel, discovery-stage immuno-oncology programs from Zai Lab. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $853.7 million.  Our net losses were $250.5 million, $251.4 million, $171.0 million, and $92.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future.  Overall, we expect operating expenses to continue to increase over current levels as we incur increased costs related to: (i) our ongoing U.S. and ex-U.S. commercialization and pre-commercial activities including executing related marketing and promotional programs for the commercialization of VARUBI and our other product candidates; (ii) the advancement of clinical trial and other development and regulatory activities under our current development programs such as IV rolapitant, niraparib, TSR-042 and TSR-022; (iii) the immuno-oncology development activities under our collaborations, costs related to expanding our international operations; and (iv) other research and development activities and potential future collaborative or in-licensed development programs.  In addition, future license payments or milestone payments could cause our total operating expenses and cash usage to fluctuate.  If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our additional product candidates, or in anticipation of obtaining regulatory approval, we expect that we will incur significant additional commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution.  Furthermore, we expect to incur increasing selling, general and administrative costs associated with our anticipated growth and continuing operation as a public company, and we will continue to incur substantial interest expense related to our outstanding convertible debt.  The actual amount of many of the expenditures described above will depend on numerous factors, including the timing of expenses and the timing, progress, and results of our clinical trial and other development and regulatory activities, and commercialization efforts for VARUBI and our other product candidates.  Accordingly, until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue from our products, if ever, we expect to finance our operations in part through additional public or private equity or debt offerings, and we may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources.  Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.  Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy.  We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 

Public Offerings of Common Stock, Private Placements of Securities and Issuance of Convertible Notes.    As of September 30, 2016, our principal source of liquidity was cash and cash equivalents, which totaled $647.3 million.  Since our inception on March 26, 2010, we have funded our operations primarily through public offerings of our common stock, the private placement of our equity securities and issuance of convertible notes.  From inception through December 31, 2015, we received $758.3 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, from private placements of convertible preferred stock, and public offerings of common stock and convertible notes.  On March 18, 2016, we completed a private placement whereby we sold 4,404,658 shares of our common stock at a price of $35.19 per share and received approximately $155.0 million in proceeds.  On April 5, 2016, we completed a private placement whereby we sold 1,130,198 shares of our common stock at a price of $44.24 per share and received approximately $50.0 million in proceeds.  On July 7, 2016, we closed the sale of 5,347,500 shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering at a price to the public of $81.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us after deducting fees, commissions and other expenses related to the offering of approximately $408.9 million.  

Financial Operations Overview 

Revenues 

Product revenue is derived from sales of our product, VARUBI, in the United States. 

License, collaboration and other revenues relate to our license agreements with Janssen and Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd. or Hengrui.  Janssen has licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize niraparib worldwide (except for Japan) for the treatment of prostate cancer.  Hengrui has licensed the rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize rolapitant in the China Territories. 

24 

Table of Contents  

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our product candidates, which include: 

pre-commercial license fees and milestone payments related to the acquisition of in-licensed product candidates, which are reported on our statements of operations as acquired in-process research and development;     

employee-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense;     

fees and expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, investigative sites, research consortia and other entities in connection with the conduct of clinical trials and preclinical studies and related services, such as administrative, data management, laboratory and biostatistics services;     

the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients for product candidates that have not received regulatory approval, clinical trial materials and other research and development materials;     

fees and costs related to regulatory filings and operations;     

facilities, depreciation and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, utilities, maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies; and     

other costs associated with clinical, preclinical, discovery and other research activities.     

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.  License fees and development milestone payments related to in-licensed products and technology are expensed as acquired in-process research and development if it is determined at that point that they have no established alternative future use.  Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided to us by our vendors. 

Research and development activities are central to our business model.  Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials and manufacturing costs.  We expect that our total future research and development costs will continue to increase over current levels, depending on the progress of our clinical development programs.  We also anticipate increasing costs associated with our collaborations with AnaptysBio, Merck, MDACC, and other potential collaborators, manufacturing related costs, and potential development milestone payments.  More specifically, we expect costs to increase, including as we: continue our currently ongoing Phase 2 and 3 trials, continue our manufacturing development and validation, and initiate additional investigative and collaborative studies related to niraparib; continue clinical, manufacturing and regulatory development activities for the IV formulation of rolapitant; incur potential research and development related milestones; incur increased discovery, development and manufacturing related expenses associated with our immuno-oncology platform and related collaborations; lease additional facility space; and hire additional development and scientific personnel. 

We cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of the current or future clinical trials of our product candidates or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval.  We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our currently unapproved product candidates.  The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including the uncertainties of future clinical and preclinical studies, uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment rates and significant and changing government regulation.  In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability.  We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as based upon an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential.    If we experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed, and our future ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed or   

25 

Table of Contents  

jeopardized.  These occurrences would harm our business, financial condition and prospects, perhaps significantly, which would require us to alter our current operation plan and potentially delay, scale back, or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more programs and/or other areas of the business in order to reduce our future expenses and continue to fund our remaining operations.    

The following table presents research and development expenses and acquired in-process research and development expenses on a program-specific basis for our in-licensed products and product candidates for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 (in thousands): 

For further discussion of the changes in our research and development expenses with respect to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the corresponding period of 2015, see  Results of Operations   Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016   Research and Development Expenses  below. 

Personnel-related costs, depreciation and stock-based compensation are not allocated to any programs, as they are deployed across multiple projects under development and, as such, are separately classified as personnel and other expenses in the table above. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation, for our commercial personnel, including our field sales force, certain medical education professionals and other commercial support personnel, as well as personnel in executive and other administrative or non-research and development functions.  Other selling, general and administrative expenses include certain facility-related costs, communication expenses, pre-commercial and commercial consulting, advertising, market research and other activities necessary to prepare for and support the launches of VARUBI and any other potential products, and professional fees for legal, patent review, consulting and accounting services. 

We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses will continue to increase in the future in support of our commercial and pre-commercial activities related to VARUBI and niraparib and continued research and development activities, as well as the continued costs of operating as a public company.  These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel, executing marketing and promotional programs, hiring consultants, leasing of additional facility space, enhancing information technology systems, and legal and other professional fees, among other expenses.   

26 

Table of Contents  

Other Income and Expense 

Other income and expense consists primarily of interest expense related to the Convertible Notes and interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents.  A portion of the interest expense on the Convertible Notes is non-cash expense relating to accretion of the debt discount and amortization of issuance costs. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 

Product Revenue.    No product revenue was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  We recorded $2.8 million of net product revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  This amount relates to sales of VARUBI, our first commercial product, which we began shipping in November of 2015.    We distribute our product in the U.S. principally through a limited number of specialty distributors and to a lesser extent though the specialty pharmacy channel.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we have recorded product revenue related to VARUBI shipped by the specialty pharmacy to patients during the period, and that was shipped by the specialty distributors to providers from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016.  For units shipped by specialty distributors to providers during the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we did not recognize product revenue as we did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition at that time.  As a result, net product revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes approximately $1.2 million relating to units shipped to providers during the previous quarter.  We have not recorded any product revenue from VARUBI  that has been shipped by distributors to providers or patients after September 30, 2016, or units that remained in distributors  inventories as of September 30, 2016.  For such shipments, we have concluded that we did not yet meet the revenue recognition criteria under current accounting guidance.  We expect specialty distributors to comprise a majority of our ultimate product sales.  We anticipate recognizing revenue on any deferred product sales when the net sales price can be reasonably estimated.  For further discussion regarding our revenue recognition policy, see the    Critical Accounting Policies    section below and Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  The corresponding costs of product sales for which we have not recognized product revenue have similarly not yet been reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

Since the launch of VARUBI through September 30, 2016, we have shipped approximately 15,200 units both for stocking and to satisfy reorders from distributors.        Of these units, approximately 13,600 units were subsequently shipped from our distributors to providers and patients through September 30, 2016.  The Wholesale Acquisition Cost, or WAC, which is the gross list price at which our direct customers purchase each unit of VARUBI, is $530 per unit.  For product sales recognized to date which, as described above, are comprised of units shipped by distributors to providers or patients through September 30, 2016, the average net sales price per unit to us (after accounting for fees,   

27 

Table of Contents  

rebates, chargebacks, and other discounts or reserves, or, the gross-to-net adjustment) was $324 or approximately 61% of WAC.  We expect that our gross-to-net adjustment to VARUBI revenues will be higher in the future (and net revenue per unit will be lower) as a result of changes to our customer and payer mix.  Overall, we expect that our gross-to-net adjustments will increase through the remainder of 2016 such that our average net sales price will represent around 60% of WAC per unit.  

License, Collaboration and Other Revenues  .  License, collaboration and other revenues of $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 relates to our license agreements with Janssen and Hengrui, and includes amortization of up-front license payments and shipments of materials to our collaborators.  

Cost of Sales - Product.    Cost of sales of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consists of costs associated with the manufacturing of VARUBI and royalties owed to our licensor for such sales, as well as costs of product provided under our sampling and other commercial programs and certain period costs.  Based on our policy to expense costs associated with the manufacture of our products prior to regulatory approval, certain of the costs of VARUBI units recognized as revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were expensed prior to the September 2015 FDA approval, and therefore are not included in cost of sales during the current period.  We expect cost of sales to increase in relation to product revenues as we deplete these inventories.  No product cost of sales was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   

Cost of Sales - Intangible Asset Amortization.    Cost of sales of $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consists of amortization of the intangible asset recorded as a result of the $15.0 million milestone paid to OPKO Health, Inc., or OPKO, upon the first commercial sale of VARUBI.  No similar amortization was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Research and Development Expenses.    Research and development expenses were $60.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $40.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $20.7 million.  The increase was primarily due to higher external costs associated with our niraparib development efforts, development of TSR-042 and TSR-022 and our other immuno-oncology product candidates, as well as higher personnel and related costs.  Significant changes resulting in this increase included: 

an increase of $8.5 million in external costs associated with our niraparib program, primarily comprised of increased costs related to ongoing or new clinical trials and manufacturing development activities; and      

an increase of $6.5 million in personnel and other costs (excluding stock-based compensation), primarily related to increased research and development headcount supporting the growth of our development activities.     

In addition, stock-based compensation expense included in research and development expenses increased by $1.8 million, primarily due to increased awards of employee stock options and restricted stock units.  

The above increases were offset by a decrease of $0.5 million in external costs related to rolapitant and the completion of related clinical studies.  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $37.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $22.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $14.9 million.  The increase was primarily due to increases of: $6.6 million in salaries, benefits and other personnel-related costs (excluding stock-based compensation), primarily due to the hiring of sales, marketing, medical affairs and other support personnel associated with the commercialization of VARUBI, plus hiring to support our international operations; $5.4 million in professional and consulting fees and other expenses to support corporate operational and commercialization activities; and $3.0 million in stock-based compensation expense. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development  .  Acquired in-process research and development expenses were $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, comprised of a $1.0 million milestone to AnaptysBio and a $0.9 million milestone to Merck.  Our obligation to pay the milestone to AnaptysBio was triggered by the initiation of the first good laboratory practice, or GLP, toxicology study for TSR-033, which occurred in September 2016.  Our obligation to pay the milestone to Merck was triggered by the first dosing of a patient in a Phase 2 clinical trial for niraparib in subjects with prostate cancer by our licensee, Janssen. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Other Income (Expense), Net  .  Other income (expense) is primarily comprised of interest expense related to our Convertible Notes and interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents.  Interest income increased by $0.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to higher balances of interest-bearing cash equivalents.  Interest expense increased by $0.3 million, due to the accretion of the debt discount, which is a component of interest expense, and the use of the effective interest method.  

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 

Product Revenue.    No product revenue was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  We recorded $4.4 million of net product revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  This amount relates to sales of VARUBI, our first commercial product, which we began shipping in November of 2015.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we have recorded product revenue related to VARUBI shipped by distributors to providers and patients through September 30, 2016.  We have not recorded any product revenue from VARUBI for units that remained in distributors  inventories as of September 30, 2016.  For such shipments, we have concluded that we did not yet meet the revenue recognition criteria under current accounting guidance.  We expect specialty distributors to comprise a majority of our ultimate product sales.  We anticipate recognizing revenue on any deferred product sales when the net sales price can be reasonably estimated.  For further discussion regarding our revenue recognition policy, see the    Critical Accounting Policies    section below and Note 2,  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  The corresponding costs of product sales for which we have not recognized product revenue have similarly not yet been reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

License, Collaboration and Other Revenues  .  License, collaboration and other revenues of $36.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 relates to our license agreements with Janssen and Hengrui, and includes amortization of up-front license payments and shipments of materials to our collaborators.  This total consists of $35.8 million related to Janssen and $0.4 million related to Hengrui.   

Cost of Sales - Product.    Cost of sales of $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists of costs associated with the manufacturing of VARUBI and royalties owed to our licensor for such sales, as well as costs of product provided under our sampling and other commercial programs and certain period costs.  Based on our policy to expense costs associated with the manufacture of our products prior to regulatory approval, certain of the costs of VARUBI units recognized as revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were expensed prior to the September 2015 FDA approval, and therefore, are not included in cost of sales during the current period.  We expect cost of sales to increase in relation to product revenues as we deplete these inventories.  No product cost of sales was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Cost of Sales - Intangible Asset Amortization.    Cost of sales of $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists of amortization of the intangible asset recorded as a result of the $15.0 million milestone   

29 

Table of Contents  

paid to OPKO upon the first commercial sale of VARUBI.  No similar amortization was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Research and Development Expenses.    Research and development expenses were $163.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $112.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $51.1 million.  The increase was primarily due to higher external costs associated with our niraparib development efforts, development of TSR-042, TSR-022 and our other immuno-oncology product candidates, as well as higher personnel and related costs.  Significant changes resulting in this increase included: 

an increase of $30.0 million in external costs associated with our niraparib program, primarily comprised of increased costs related to ongoing or new clinical trials and manufacturing development activities;      

an increase of $8.1 million in costs associated with our immuno-oncology platform due to increased costs related to the TSR-042 Phase 1 clinical trial, biologics manufacturing as well as non-clinical and other immuno-oncology program research activities; and     

an increase of $16.4 million in personnel and other costs (excluding stock-based compensation), primarily related to increased research and development headcount supporting the growth of our development activities.     

In addition, stock-based compensation expense included in research and development expenses increased by $6.0 million, primarily due to increased awards of employee stock options and restricted stock units. 

The above increases were offset by a decrease of $7.1 million in external costs related to rolapitant and the completion of related clinical studies. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.    Selling, general and administrative expenses were $104.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $50.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $53.2 million.  The increase was primarily due to increases of: $26.2 million in salaries, benefits and other personnel-related costs, primarily due to the hiring of sales, marketing, medical affairs and other support personnel associated with the commercialization of VARUBI, and hiring to support our international operations; $16.5 million in professional and consulting fees and other expenses to support corporate operational and commercialization activities; and $10.5 million in stock-based compensation expense. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development  .  Acquired in-process research and development expenses were $9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  This amount is comprised of three milestones to AnaptysBio totaling $9.0 million, plus a $0.9 million milestone to Merck.  Our obligations to pay the milestones to AnaptysBio were triggered by the clearances of our INDs for TSR-042 and TSR-022 ($4.0 million each), and the start of the first GLP toxicology study for TSR-033 ($1.0 million).  Our obligation to pay the milestone to Merck was triggered by the first dosing of a patient in a Phase 2 clinical trial for niraparib in subjects with prostate cancer by our licensee, Janssen.  There was $1.0 million recorded in acquired in-process research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisting solely of a milestone to AnaptysBio for the initiation of the first GLP toxicology study under our immuno-oncology platform. 

Other Income (Expense), Net  .  Other income (expense) is primarily comprised of interest expense related to our Convertible Notes and interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents. Interest income increased by $0.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to higher balances of interest-bearing cash equivalents.  Interest expense increased by $0.8 million due to the accretion of the debt discount, which is a component of interest expense, and the use of the effective interest method. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

As of September 30, 2016, our principal source of liquidity was cash and cash equivalents, which totaled $647.3 million.  Since our inception on March 26, 2010, we have funded our operations primarily through public offerings of our common stock, the private placement of our equity securities and the issuance of convertible notes.  From inception through December 31, 2015, including our 2012 initial public offering, we raised a total of $758.3 million in net cash proceeds from private placements of convertible preferred stock and public offerings of common stock, and convertible notes.  On March 18, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 4,404,658 shares of our common stock in a   

30 

Table of Contents  

private placement at a price of $35.19 per share and received approximately $155.0 million in proceeds. On April 5, 2016, we completed a private placement whereby we sold 1,130,198 shares of our common stock at a price of $44.24 per share and received approximately $50.0 million in proceeds.  On July 7, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 5,347,500 shares of our common stock at an offering price to the public of $81.00 per share and received approximately $408.9 in net cash proceeds.  We have also received an up-front license fee of $35.0 million from Janssen, and we expect to receive an up-front license fee of $15.0 million from Zai Lab in the fourth quarter of 2016, both payments relating to niraparib license agreements.  

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for each of the periods noted (in thousands): 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

The use of cash in operating activities during both the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 resulted primarily from our net losses adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in components of working capital.  Net cash used in operating activities increased by $69.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to increased external expenses related to commercialization activities and increased external research and development expenses as we continued to progress the niraparib development program and the immuno-oncology platform.  Higher costs associated with increased employee headcount related to both research and development and commercial activities also contributed to the increase in cash used in operating activities.  These factors were partially offset by lower external costs associated with our oral rolapitant development program. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

The increase of $8.1 million in net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due primarily to $9.0 million in milestones paid to AnaptysBio during the current year period, compared to a $1.0 million milestone paid to AnaptysBio during the prior year period. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

The increase of $448.6 million in net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to cash proceeds of $155.0 million from the closing of our March 2016 private placement of common stock, cash proceeds of $50.0 million from the closing of our sale of common stock to JJDC in April 2016 and cash proceeds of $408.9 million from the closing of our July 2016 public offering of common stock, compared to cash proceeds of $179.8 million in the prior year period from the closing of our March 2015 public offering of common stock (all amounts net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, if any).  Cash provided by stock option exercises and ESPP purchases also increased by $14.2 million. 

Operating Capital Requirements 

We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future.  Overall, we expect operating expenses for the remainder of 2016 to increase over current levels as we incur increased costs related to: (i) the continued development of niraparib, and IV rolapitant; (ii) the advancement of our clinical trials, manufacturing and other development activities, as well as milestone payments under our current development programs, such as niraparib and the immuno-oncology activities under our collaboration with AnaptysBio; (iii) ongoing commercial activities, including our commercial sales force, executing marketing and promotional programs and other commercialization costs associated with VARUBI; (iv) expanding our international operations; and (v) potential future in-licensed development programs.  We are subject to the risks incident in the development of new biopharmaceutical   

31 

Table of Contents  

products, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business and cause increased uses of cash. 

We will require additional capital for the continuing commercialization of VARUBI, further development and potential commercialization of our other product candidates, including any license payments or milestone obligations that may arise, required costs relating to our research collaborations, and cash interest obligations related to our Convertible Notes.  We may also need additional funds to pursue our strategy of in-licensing or acquiring additional product candidates and to meet our obligation to repay the Convertible Notes at maturity or, at our election, upon conversion.    Our balance of cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016, and the cash we expect to generate from sales of VARUBI, are expected to be sufficient to meet our existing cash flow requirements and fund   our existing operations at their currently planned levels through at least the twelve months following the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   

Unless and until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue from our products, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity or debt offerings, and we may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources.  Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all.  If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates and/or other areas of our business.  Raising additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities could result in dilution to our existing stockholders, increased fixed payment obligations, or both.  Furthermore, these securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock and Convertible Notes and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations and potentially impair our competitiveness, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business.  Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors.  We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect.  Our future funding requirements, both short and long-term, will depend on many factors, including: 

our ability to generate revenues from sales of VARUBI and future products;     

the cost of establishing U.S. and ex-U.S. sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for VARUBI or any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval;     

the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals by the FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities, including the potential that the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities may require that we perform more studies than those that we currently expect;     

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of clinical trials for our product candidates and any future product candidates we may in-license, including our current and potential future Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials for niraparib;     

the cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale outsourced manufacturing activities;     

the discovery, preclinical and clinical development plans that are or will be established for potential product candidates under our collaboration with AnaptysBio;     

the attainment of milestones and our obligations to make milestone payments, royalty payments, or both to OPKO, Merck, or AnaptysBio or to any other current or future product candidate licensor, if any, under our in-licensing agreements;     

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we in-license and develop;     

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;     

32 

Table of Contents  

the amount and timing of potential conversion requests, if any, and interest expense associated with our Convertible Notes; and     

the effect of competing technological and market developments.     

If we lack sufficient capital to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Other than the amendment to our lease of office space described in Note 10,  Commitments and Contingencies,  in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to net product revenue, accrued research and development expenses and stock-based compensation expense.  We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  In making estimates and judgments, management employs critical accounting policies. 

Product Revenue 

In September 2015, our product VARUBI, which is the oral formulation of rolapitant, was approved for sale by the FDA, and in November 2015 we began shipping VARUBI to our U.S. customers.  We distribute our product in the U.S. principally through a limited number of specialty distributors and to a lesser extent though the specialty pharmacy channel, or collectively, our Customers.  Our Customers subsequently resell our products to health care providers and patients.   

Revenues from product sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title of the product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer has been reasonably assured and all performance obligations have been met and returns and allowances can be reasonably estimated.  Product revenues are recorded net of estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, co-pay assistance and other deductions as well as estimated product returns.    Allowances are recorded as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenues are recognized.   

In addition to distribution agreements with our Customers, we have entered into direct and indirect arrangements with many health care providers and payers that provide for government-mandated and/or privately-negotiated rebates, chargebacks and discounts with respect to the purchase of VARUBI.  We have determined that we do not yet meet the criteria for revenue recognition for shipments of VARUBI at the time of shipment to our specialty pharmacy and specialty distributor customers.  For shipments of VARUBI from specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies to providers and patients through September 30, 2016, allowances for rebates, chargebacks, discounts, co-pay assistance and other deductions are known or are estimable because they are based on the actual invoice information, claims data, or other market information and analyses. As a result, we have concluded that we can recognize revenue related to such shipments.  For units that remained in distribution channel inventories as of September 30, 2016, we continue to conclude that we cannot yet reasonably make certain estimates necessary to recognize revenue on such shipments.  

33 

Table of Contents  

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $2.8 million and $4.4 million, respectively, in net product revenues related to VARUBI sales through the specialty pharmacy and specialty distributor channels.  

Payments received from Customers in advance of recognition of revenue are recorded as deferred revenue by the Company     net of payments made to Customers, providers and payers.   

For those quantities shipped to Customers for which revenue has not been recognized, the cost of the related units has been accounted for within  Other current assets  in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, and will be recorded to cost of sales upon recognition of the related product revenue.  We will assess the recoverability of these costs on a quarterly basis.  We will continue to evaluate the criteria for revenue recognition in future periods to determine if and when we have met these criteria with respect to any previously deferred product revenues.  

The following table presents an analysis of product sales allowances and accruals for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

Allowances and accruals are comprised of direct and indirect fees, discounts and rebates.  Direct fees, certain discounts and rebates are contractual fees and price adjustments payable to specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies that purchase products directly from us.  Indirect fees, discounts and rebates are contractual price adjustments payable to healthcare providers and organizations, such as physicians, clinics, hospitals, and group purchasing organizations that purchase products from specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies. Indirect rebates also include amounts owed to health insurance providers and pharmacy benefit managers.  Both types of allowances are based on definitive contractual agreements or legal requirements (such as Medicaid) related to the purchase and/or utilization of the product by these entities.  In accordance with guidance related to accounting for fees and consideration given by a vendor to a customer (including a reseller of a vendor s products), these fees, discounts and rebates are presumed to be a reduction of the selling price of our product.  Allowances are recorded in the same period that the related product revenue is recognized and are estimated using either historical, actual and/or other data, including estimated patient usage, customer buying patterns, applicable contractual rebate rates, and contract performance by the benefit providers.  Reserve estimates are evaluated quarterly and may require adjustments to better align estimates with actual results.  As part of this evaluation, we review changes to federal legislation, changes to rebate contracts, changes in the level of discounts, and changes in product sales trends.  Although allowances are accrued at the time of product sale, certain rebates are typically paid out, on average, up to nine months or longer after the related sale. 

Chargebacks, Discounts and Fees:   Chargeback and discount reserves represent our estimated obligations resulting from the difference (which is charged to us by specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies) between the specialty distributor and specialty pharmacy price and the lower pricing as mandated by statute to eligible federally funded healthcare providers or lower contractual pricing to certain private organizations.        Fees under our arrangements with specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies are based upon units of VARUBI purchased.   

34 

Table of Contents  

Governmental and Other Rebates and Fees:   Governmental and other rebate and fee reserves relate to our reimbursement arrangements with state Medicaid programs, the Medicare program, or volume or performance rebate agreements with certain other private organizations, such as health insurance providers and pharmacy benefit managers. 

Returns:   Consistent with industry practice, we generally offer Customers a limited right to return units of VARUBI that have been purchased directly from us based on the product s expiration date, which generally lapses upon shipment to the patient.  To date, there have been no returns.   

For a description of our other critical accounting policies, please see    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  Other than as described above, there have not been any material changes to our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2015. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure  s About Market Risk. 

We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $647.3 million and $230.1 million, respectively, consisting primarily of money market funds.  Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of United States interest rates, particularly because our investments are in short-term securities.  Our securities are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase.  Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio.  There has been no material change to our interest rate sensitivity during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  . 

Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e)), with the participation of our management, has concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective and are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.  It should be noted that any system of controls is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurances that the system will achieve its stated goals under all reasonably foreseeable circumstances.  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a level that provides such reasonable assurances. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

Table of Contents  

PART II      OTHER INFORMATIO  N 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  . 

We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.   

An investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition to the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well the information in our financial statements and the related notes.  We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur.  These risks, or other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial, may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have no manufacturing facility, and we are dependent on a limited number of third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of VARUBI      and our product candidates, as well as on a number of third parties for our supply chain. If we experience problems with any of these third parties, the manufacturing of VARUBI or our product candidates could be delayed, which could harm our ability to generate revenues from our approved products, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, and our results of operations. 

We do not own or operate facilities for the manufacture of VARUBI or our product candidates.  We currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities.  We currently work with one contract manufacturing organization, or CMO, Hovione, for the production of rolapitant drug substance used for VARUBI and IV rolapitant, and one other CMO, Patheon, for commercial production of VARUBI.        We also work with two CMOs for the production of IV rolapitant drug product for our expected clinical and commercial needs.  

As our drug development pipeline matures and we continue to commercialize VARUBI and, if approved, our other product candidates, including niraparib and IV rolapitant, we will have a greater need for clinical study and commercial manufacturing capacity.  We have limited experience manufacturing pharmaceutical products on a commercial scale, and some of our suppliers will need to increase their scale of production to meet our projected needs for commercial manufacturing.  For example, to meet our projected needs for commercial manufacturing of VARUBI, Patheon will need to increase scale of production.  The development of commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities may require our third-party manufacturers to invest substantial additional funds and hire and retain the technical personnel who have the necessary manufacturing experience.  Our third-party manufacturers may not successfully complete any required increase to existing manufacturing capacity in a timely manner, or at all.  Because of the complex nature of our compounds, our manufacturers may not be able to manufacture our compounds at an acceptable cost or in sufficient quantities or in a timely manner necessary to make commercially successful products, or may require us to pay significant costs, including for capital improvements to their facilities.  Therefore, successful commercialization of VARUBI or any of our product candidates, including niraparib and IV rolapitant, may require us to establish large-scale commercial manufacturing capabilities.  If our contract manufacturers or other third parties fail to deliver VARUBI and our potential future products, including niraparib and IV rolapitant, for commercial sale on a timely basis, with sufficient quality, and at commercially reasonable prices, and we fail to find replacement manufacturers or to develop our own manufacturing capabilities, we may be required to delay or suspend commercialization of VARUBI or our other potential future products.  

Existing inventory for niraparib drug substance and drug product from Merck provided the initial clinical trial material needed for our niraparib clinical program.  We have agreements in place with CMOs for the further production of niraparib to meet our clinical supply needs.  For preclinical development of our immuno-oncology antibody product candidates, we currently work with one CMO for the production of biologics.  For each of our product candidates, we may elect to pursue arrangements with other CMOs for manufacturing clinical supplies for later-stage trials and for commercialization.  We have not yet qualified alternate suppliers in the event the current CMOs we utilize are unable to scale production, or if we otherwise experience any problems with them.  If we are unable to arrange for alternative third-party manufacturing sources, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, we may not be able to complete development of our product candidates, or market or distribute them. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured product candidates or products ourselves, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, the possibility of breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control (including a failure to synthesize and manufacture our product candidates or any products we may eventually commercialize in accordance with our specifications) and the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or damaging to us.  In addition, the FDA and similar foreign authorities require that our product candidates and approved products, such as VARUBI, be manufactured according to cGMP and similar foreign standards.  Any failure by our third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP or failure to scale up manufacturing processes, including any failure to deliver sufficient quantities of product candidates in a timely manner, could lead to a delay in, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval of any of our product candidates.  Specifically, following regulatory inspections of the facilities of one of our contract manufacturers of rolapitant IV, the FDA issued the manufacturer a Form 483 containing a number of inspection observations regarding such facilities, and the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, withdrew the manufacturer s cGMP certificate for one of its facilities and recommended a recall of products made at two of its facilities. If the contract manufacturer fails or is unable to address and remediate these observations in a manner satisfactory to the FDA, then this failure could result in a delay in the expected timing of regulatory approval of rolapitant IV in the United States.  In addition, such failure could be the basis for the FDA or an equivalent foreign regulatory authority to issue a warning or untitled letter, withdraw approvals for product candidates previously granted to us, or take other regulatory or legal action, including recall or seizure, total or partial suspension of production, suspension of ongoing clinical trials, refusal to approve pending applications or supplemental applications, detention   of product, refusal to permit the import or export of products, injunction, or   imposition of civil and criminal penalties. 

Any significant disruption in our supplier relationships could harm our business.  We source key materials from third parties, either directly through agreements with suppliers or indirectly through our manufacturers who have agreements with suppliers.  There are a small number of suppliers for certain capital equipment and key materials that are used to manufacture our drug products and product candidates.  Such suppliers may not sell these key materials to our manufacturers at the times we need them or on commercially reasonable terms.  We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these key materials by our manufacturers.  Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements for the commercial production of these key materials.  Any significant delay in the supply of a product candidate or its key materials for an ongoing clinical study could considerably delay completion of our clinical studies, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates.  If our manufacturers or we are unable to purchase these key materials for VARUBI or for our product candidates after regulatory approval, the commercial launch of our product candidates could be delayed or there could be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from the sale of VARUBI or our product candidates. 

The results of the United Kingdom s referendum on withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. 

In June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union in a national referendum.  The referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the United Kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process.  Nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, including with respect to the laws and regulations that will apply as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal.  The referendum has also given rise to calls for the governments of other European Union member states to consider withdrawal.  These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets.  Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our securities. 

37 

Table of Contents  

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed, and we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. 

We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology.      We rely on trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality, licensing and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection.      Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products.  Patents may cover the composition of matter of products, pharmaceutical formulations, processes for or intermediates useful in the manufacture of products or the uses of products.  Protection for individual products extends for varying periods in accordance with the legal life of patents in the various countries.  The protection afforded, which may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent and its scope of coverage.  Where we have the right to do so under our license agreements, we seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our novel technologies and products that are important to our business.      The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally are highly uncertain, involve complex legal and factual questions and have in recent years been the subject of much litigation.      As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patents, including those patent rights licensed to us by third parties, are highly uncertain. 

The steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, both inside and outside the United States.      The rights already granted under any of our currently issued patents and those that may be granted under future issued patents may not provide us with the proprietary protection or competitive advantages we are seeking.      If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and products, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficient, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or superior to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be adversely affected.      Further, under our agreement with Merck for niraparib, Merck is responsible, subject to certain exceptions, for prosecuting the licensed patents, and we are reliant on them to do so in a diligent fashion, subject to our right to review and approve their prosecution activities.      If Merck fails to conduct such activities diligently, does not take approved actions, or otherwise fails to adequately protect our licensed patent rights, we may not obtain or maintain broad proprietary protection for niraparib.      Similarly, under our agreement with AnaptysBio, during preclinical development of our antibody product candidates, AnaptysBio has primary responsibility for prosecuting certain licensed patents at our expense, subject in certain circumstances to our right to prior approval of expenses.      If AnaptysBio fails to conduct such activities diligently, does not take approved actions, or otherwise fails to adequately protect our licensed patent rights, we may not obtain or maintain broad proprietary protection for antibody product candidates targeting PD-1, TIM-3 and LAG-3. 

With respect to patent rights, we do not know whether any of the pending patent applications for any of our licensed compounds will result in the issuance of patents that protect our technology or products, or whether they will effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products.      Although we have a number of issued patents under our licensing agreements covering our technology, our pending applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications.      Further, the examination process may require us or, in the case of niraparib and our antibody product candidates during preclinical development, our licensor, to narrow the claims, which may limit the scope of patent protection that may be obtained.      Because the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, issued patents that we own or have licensed from third parties may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad.      Such   challenges may result in the loss of patent protection, the narrowing of claims in such patents, or the invalidity or unenforceability of such patents, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection for our technology and products.      Protecting against the unauthorized use of our patented technology, trademarks and other intellectual property rights is expensive, difficult and, may in some cases not be possible.      In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, even in relation to issued patent claims, and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we, or in the case of niraparib and our antibody product candidates during preclinical development, our licensor, may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner.      It is also possible that we or our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of our development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them.      Further, given the amount of time   

38 

Table of Contents  

required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized.      We expect to seek extensions of patent terms where they are available in any countries where we are prosecuting patents.      This includes in the United States under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent.      However the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request.      If this occurs, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case.      Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection.      The laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and these foreign laws may also be subject to change.      Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions typically are not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all.      Therefore we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 

Previously, in the United States, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first to make the claimed invention was entitled to the patent.      Outside the United States, the first to file a patent application is entitled to the patent.      In March     2013, the United States transitioned to a    first   to   file    system in which the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent.      Under either the previous or current system, third parties will be allowed to submit prior art prior to the issuance of a patent by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and may become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter-partes review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others.      An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position with respect to third parties. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our patents or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.      To counter infringement or unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the   validity and scope of our own intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of others.      This can be expensive and time consuming.      Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to defend their intellectual property rights than we can.      Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.      Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business and financial results.      In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned by or licensed to us is invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question.      An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly.      Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.  In the U.S., the Hatch-Waxman Act provides generic companies valuable incentives to seek to invalidate patents for human pharmaceutical products approved under an NDA.  As a result, it is likely that our U.S. patents covering approved drugs such as rolapitant and niraparib, if approved, will be challenged in Hatch-Waxman litigation and administrative proceedings, and may not be upheld.  We may face generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the U.S. as well.  The entry of generic competitors typically results in a rapid decline in sales. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates, and to use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights   

39 

Table of Contents  

of third parties.  And, because patent applications in the United States and many other jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for at least 18 months, the patent landscape is continuously evolving.  We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.      Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future.  For example, we are aware of third party patents that contain broad claims potentially relevant to certain therapeutic uses of immune checkpoint receptors, and we are also aware of ongoing patent litigation involving third parties in the area.  If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and commercializing our products and technology, which could impact the profitability of our products.  However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all.      Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us.      We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product.      In addition, in any such proceeding or litigation, we could be found liable for monetary damages.      A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business.      Any claims by third parties that we have misappropriated their confidential information or trade secrets could have a similar negative impact on our business.     

Item 6. Exhibits  . 

The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

40 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE  S 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TESARO, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Timothy R. Pearson  

Timothy R. Pearson  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)  

Date:  

November 4, 2016  

41 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

* Confidential Treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit.  Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

42 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tsro-20160930ex101c18f00.htm
 EX-10.1

tsro_Ex10_1

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

EXECUTION COPY 

COLLABORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 

THIS COLLABORATION, DEVELOPMENT AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (the    Agreement   ) is made and entered into as of September 28, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ), by and between   TESARO, Inc.  , a Delaware corporation with a place of business at 1000 Winter Street, Suite 3300, Waltham, Massachusetts, United States of America, 02451 (   TESARO Inc.   ), TESARO Development Ltd., a Bermuda corporation with a place of business at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda (   TSRO Ltd.   , and together with    TESARO Inc.   ,    TESARO   ) and   Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   having its principal office at 1043 Halei Road, Building 8, Suite 502, Pudong, Shanghai, P.R. China, 201203 (   ZAI   ).  TESARO and ZAI are sometimes referred to herein individually as a    Party    and collectively as the    Parties  .  

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, TESARO is developing a proprietary PARP inhibitor, Niraparib, and owns or controls certain patents, know-how and other intellectual property rights with respect to such compound; and 

WHEREAS, ZAI is a company focusing on the development of innovative drug candidates, including immuno-oncology-focused drug-candidates, primarily in China; and 

WHEREAS, ZAI desires to obtain an exclusive license from TESARO to develop and commercialize niraparib in China, and TESARO is willing to grant such a license to ZAI, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein;  

WHEREAS, the parties desire to potentially co-market niraparib in China and to provide TESARO the right to exercise such co-marketing rights on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, TESARO desires to obtain an option to obtain an exclusive license from ZAI to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize certain immune-oncology assets being developed by ZAI outside of China, and ZAI is willing to grant such an option on TESARO, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements set forth below, the Parties agree as follows. 

1. 
			   DEFINITIONS     

The terms in this Agreement with initial letters capitalized, whether used in the singular or the plural, shall have the meaning set forth below or, if not listed below, the meaning designated in places throughout this Agreement. 

1.1 
			      Affiliate    of a Person means any other Person which (directly or indirectly) is controlled by, controls or is under common control with such Person, for so long as such control exists.  For the purposes of this definition, the term  control  (including, with correlative meanings, the terms  controlled by  and  under common control with ) as used with respect to a Person means (a) direct or indirect ownership of voting securities entitled to cast more than fifty percent (50%) (or, if less than 50%, the maximum ownership interest permitted by      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Applicable Law) of the votes in the election of directors of such entity, or (b) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of such entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.      

1.2 
			      Applicable Law    means all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and other pronouncements having the effect of law of any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial, county, city or other political subdivision, agency or other body, domestic or foreign.     

1.3 
			      AZ Agreements    means the following agreements between TESARO and AstraZeneca UK Limited (   AZ   ): the Patent License Agreement dated October 4, 2012, between AZ (the Institute of Cancer Research) and TESARO; and the Patent License Agreement dated October 4, 2012, between AZ (University of Sheffield) and TESARO.     

1.4 
			    Business Day    or    business day    means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which commercial banks located in Shanghai, China or New York City, New York, U.S. (as applicable) are authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to close.     

1.5 
			      Calendar Quarter    means the respective periods of three (3) consecutive calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31.     

1.6 
			      Calendar Year    means each successive period of twelve (12) months commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31.     

1.7 
			      CDE        means the Chinese Center for Drug Evaluation.     

1.8 
			      CFDA    means the China Food and Drug Administration, or any     successor agency with a similar scope of responsibility regarding the regulation of human pharmaceutical products in China.     

1.9 
			      China    means mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.      

1.10 
			    Commercialization    or    Commercialize    means all activities directed to marketing, distributing, detailing or selling a Licensed Product (as well as importing and exporting activities in connection therewith), including all activities directed to obtaining pricing approvals.     

1.11 
			      Commercially Reasonable Efforts    means the performance of obligations or tasks in a manner consistent with the reasonable practices of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry having similar financial resources for the Development or Commercialization (as applicable) of a product having similar technical and regulatory factors and similar market potential, profit potential and strategic value, and that is at a similar stage in its Development or product life cycle as the Licensed Product, in each case based on conditions then prevailing and without regard to any competitive internal program of Licensee. Commercially Reasonable Efforts requires that the Party (a) promptly assign responsibility for such obligations to specific employees who are held accountable for progress and monitoring such progress on an      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

ongoing basis, (b) set and consistently seek to achieve specific and meaningful objectives for carrying out such obligations, and (c) consistently make and implement decisions and allocate adequate resources designed to advance progress with respect to such obligations.      

1.12 
			      Confidential Information    means all information, including trade secrets, processes, formulae, Data, know-how, improvements, inventions, chemical or biological materials, assays, techniques, marketing plans, strategies, customer lists, or other information that has been disclosed by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party under this Agreement, regardless of whether any of the foregoing are marked  confidential  or  proprietary  or communicated in oral, written, graphic, or electronic form, or by visual inspection.     

1.13 
			      Controlled    or    Controls   , when used in reference to any particular subject matter including Patents, know-how, tangible materials or other intellectual property rights, means the legal authority or right of a Party to grant a license or sublicense to such subject matter to another Party, or to otherwise provide such other Party the right to access and use such subject matter, whether arising by ownership, license, or other authorization, without breaching the terms of any written agreement with a Third Party under which such Party first acquired rights to such subject matter, or misappropriating the proprietary or trade secret information of a Third Party.     

1.14 
			      Cover  ,     Covered    or    Covering    means, with respect to a Patent, that, but for rights granted to a Person under such Patent, the practice by such Person of an invention claimed in such Patent would infringe a Valid Claim included in such Patent, or in the case of a Patent that is a patent application, would infringe a Valid Claim in such patent application if such claim were to issue in a patent as then prosecuted.     

1.15 
			      Data    means pre-clinical, clinical, chemical, manufacturing and analytical data and any other data and information generated or resulted from the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds or Licensed Products.     

1.16 
			      Development    means, with respect to a Licensed Product, all processes and activities that are reasonably required to obtain Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product, including, without limitation, toxicology, pharmacology and other pre-clinical efforts, test method development and stability testing, statistical analysis, clinical studies and regulatory activities.  When used as a verb,    Develop    means to engage in Development.            

1.17 
			    Dollar(s)    or    $    means the lawful currency of the United States.     

1.18 
			      Executive Officer    means, (a) in the case of TESARO, TESARO s Chief Executive Officer; and (b) in the case of ZAI, ZAI s Chief Executive Officer.      

1.19 
			      FDA    means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency of the U.S. government with a similar scope of responsibility regarding the regulation of human pharmaceutical products.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

1.20 
			      Field    means the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of any diseases or conditions in humans, other than the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of prostate cancer.      

1.21 
			      First Commercial Sale    means, with respect to any Licensed Product, the first sale of such Licensed Product by ZAI or its Affiliates or sublicensees to an unrelated Third Party in the ZAI Territory after Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product has been granted in the ZAI Territory.  For clarity, First Commercial Sale does not include the supply or transfer of Licensed Product to an Affiliate or sublicensee or for clinical trials, compassionate use or sales made on a named-patient basis.      

1.22 
			      Follow-on Compound    means a Licensed Compound other than Niraparib.     

1.23 
			    GCP    means the Good Clinical Practice for Drugs (i.e.                 ) promulgated by CFDA effective as of September 1, 2003, together with any guidelines and/or implementation rules issued by CFDA in connection thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.     

1.24 
			      Government Official    means: (a) any officer or employee of a government or any department, agency or instrument of a government; (b) any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of a government or any department, agency, or instrument of a government; (c) any officer or employee of a company or business owned in whole or part by a government; (d) any officer or employee of a public international organization such as the World Bank or United Nations; (e) any officer or employee of a political party or any person acting in an official capacity on behalf of a political party; and/or (f) any candidate for political office; who, when such Government Official is acting in an official capacity, or in an official decision-making role, has responsibility for performing regulatory inspections, government authorizations or licenses, or otherwise has the capacity to make decisions with the potential to affect the business of either of the Parties.     

1.25 
			    Indication    means, with respect to a Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, the use of that Licensed Compound or Licensed Product for the treatment, prevention, mitigation or cure of any cancer with a particular organ of origin.  Indications will be deemed the same for purposes of this Agreement if the subject cancers have the same organ of origin even if they are, for example, of a different histologic or genetic subtype or line of therapy (e.g., breast cancer, 1  st   line and 2  nd   line therapies for ovarian cancer), and will be deemed different if the subject cancers have different organs of origin (e.g., breast cancer and ovarian cancer).  Among non-solid tumor cancers, Indications for leukemia, lymphoma and multiple myeloma, but not their subtypes or lines of therapy, shall be considered different Indications.       

1.26 
			    Invention    means any and all inventions and improvements, whether or not patentable, that are conceived or reduced to practice or otherwise made or discovered by or on behalf of a Party (and/or its Affiliates) (whether alone or jointly) in the performance of its obligations, or the exercise of its rights, under this Agreement, including but not limited to, processes, methods, compositions of matter, formula, formulations, articles of manufacture,      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

discoveries or findings, compounds, products, biological materials, cell lines, samples of assay components, media, designs, ideas, programs, software models, algorithms, developments, experimental works, compilations of data, in each case relating to Licensed Compound and Licensed Products.     

1.27 
			      Joint Invention    means any Invention invented, made or discovered jointly by both Parties.     

1.28 
			      Licensed Compound    means TESARO s proprietary PARP inhibitor known as Niraparib, having chemical structure set forth in   Exhibit A  , and any pharmaceutically acceptable salt, polymorph, crystal form, prodrug or solvate thereof.         

1.29 
			      Licensed Product    means any pharmaceutical product containing the Licensed Compound, in all forms, presentations, formulations and dosage forms, for use in the Field.         

1.30 
			      Merck Agreement    means that certain License Agreement between TESARO and Merck, Sharp   Dohme Corp. (   Merck   ), dated May 22, 2012, as amended from time to time.      

1.31 
			    NDA    means a new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the applicable Regulatory Authority in a country or jurisdiction, which application is required for marketing approval for a Licensed Product in the Field in such country or jurisdiction.     

1.32 
			      Net Sales    means, with respect to any Licensed Product, the amount invoiced by ZAI, its Affiliates or sublicensees for the sales of such Licensed Product to a Third Party in the ZAI Territory less:     

(a) 
			  trade and quantity discounts other than early payment cash discounts;     

(b) 
			 returns, rebates, chargebacks and other allowances;      

(c) 
			 retroactive price reductions that are actually allowed or granted;       

(d) 
			 sales commissions  paid to Third Party distributors and/or selling agents;     

(e) 
			 deductions to gross invoice price of Product imposed by Regulatory Authorities or other governmental entities;     

(f) 
			 a fixed amount equal to three percent (3%) of the amount invoiced to cover bad debt, early payment cash discounts, transportation and insurance and custom duties; and      

(g) 
			 the standard inventory cost of devices or delivery systems used for dispensing or administering Product.     

If a Licensed Product is sold as part of a combination that (i) contains the Licensed Compound and at least one additional therapeutically active ingredient that is not a Licensed Compound; or   

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(ii) is product consisting of one or more separate drugs, devices, tests, kits or biological products and sold together with a Licensed Product in a single package or as a unit (a    Combination Product   ), the Net Sales of such Licensed Product for the purpose of calculating royalties owed under this Agreement for sales of such Licensed Product, shall be determined as follows: first, determine the actual Net Sales of such Combination Product (using the above provisions) and then such amount shall be multiplied by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the average gross selling price in the applicable country of the Licensed Compound sold separately, if sold separately, in the same formulation and dosage, and B is the sum of the average gross selling prices in the applicable country of each other active ingredient, drug, device, test, kit or biological product in the Combination Product sold separately, if sold separately, in the same formulation, dosage or unit quantity.  If any active ingredient, drug, device, test, kit or biological product in the Combination Product is not sold separately in the relevant formulation, dosage or unit quantity, Net Sales shall be calculated by multiplying actual Net Sales of such Combination Product by the fraction A/C where A is the average gross selling price in the applicable country of such Licensed Compound sold separately in the same formulation and dosage and C is the average gross selling price in the applicable country of such Combination Product.  If neither the Licensed Compound nor any other active ingredient, drug, device, test, kit or biological product in the Combination Product is sold separately in the relevant formulation, dosage or unit quantity, the adjustment to Net Sales shall be determined by the Parties in good faith to reasonably reflect the fair market value of the contribution of the Licensed Compound in the Combination Product to the total fair market value of such Combination Product.  

1.33 
			      Patents    means all of the following, whether existing as of the Effective Date or during the Term, anywhere in the world: (a) patents and patent applications, (b) all priority applications, provisionals, divisionals, continuations, and continuations-in-part of any of the foregoing, and (c) all patents issuing on any of the foregoing patent applications, together with all inventor s certificates, substitutions, validations, registrations, reissues, renewals, reexaminations, confirmations, supplementary protection certificates, and extensions of any of   (a), (b) or   (c).     

1.34 
			      Person    means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, joint venture company, governmental authority, association or other entity.     

1.35 
			      Phase 3 Clinical Trial    means a clinical trial of a Licensed Product in human patients with a defined dose or a set of defined doses designed to ascertain efficacy and safety of such Licensed Product for the purpose of enabling the preparation and submission of NDA to the competent Regulatory Authorities, as further defined in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c), as amended from time to time, or the corresponding foreign regulations.       

1.36 
			      Regulatory Approval    means all approvals, including if required by Applicable Law, pricing approvals, necessary for the manufacture, marketing, importation, exportation and sale of a Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory, which may include, without limitation, satisfaction of all applicable regulatory and notification requirements.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

1.37 
			      Regulatory Authority    means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial or local regulatory agency, department, bureau or other governmental authority, including, without limitation, the CDE and the CFDA, that has authority over the manufacture, Development, Commercialization or other use or exploitation (including the granting of Regulatory Approval) of any Licensed Product in any applicable regulatory jurisdiction.     

1.38 
			      Regulatory Materials        means materials developed or compiled in preparation for Regulatory Authority meetings, regulatory applications, submissions, dossiers, notifications, registrations, Regulatory Approvals and/or other filings made to or with, or other approvals granted by, a Regulatory Authority that are necessary or reasonably desirable for the Development, manufacture, market, sale, or Commercialization of a Licensed Product in a particular regulatory jurisdiction.     

1.39 
			      Sole Invention    means any Invention invented or discovered solely by or on behalf of a Party following the Effective Date, including by its employees, contractors and/or agents.     

1.40 
			        Subcontractor    means a Third Party engaged by ZAI for the purpose of conducting clinical Development for Licensed Products, contract manufacturing, toxicology testing and other related Development Activities, solely at the direction, and on behalf of, ZAI.     

1.41 
			    TESARO IP    means TESARO Know-How and TESARO Patents.      

1.42 
			    TESARO Know-How    means all technical information, data and know-how Controlled by TESARO or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or during the Term (including, without limitation, all biological, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological or clinical know-how, Data and trade secrets) that are reasonably necessary for the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory.  TESARO Know-How shall also include the (a) intangible knowledge and information conveyed to ZAI as set forth in   Section 4.1   and (b) TESARO s right and interest in and to any Joint Inventions.  TESARO Know-How does not include TESARO Patents.         

1.43 
			      TESARO Patents    means all Patents Controlled by TESARO or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or during the Term that relate to the ZAI Territory and that Covers (a) the compositions of matter of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product; (b) methods or processes directed to the manufacture of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product; or (c) methods of use, administration or formulation of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, including without limitation, the Patents that are listed in   Exhibit B   hereto.  TESARO Patents shall also include TESARO s rights and interest in and to any Joint Patents.     

1.44 
			      TESARO Territory    means all countries and territories in the world other than those countries and territories included in the ZAI Territory.     

1.45 
			    Territory    means (a) with respect to TESARO, the TESARO Territory and (b) with respect to ZAI, the ZAI Territory.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

1.46 
			      Third Party    means any Person other than: ZAI, TESARO, and their respective Affiliates.     

1.47 
			      United States    or    U.S.    means the United States of America and its territories and possessions (including, without limitation, Puerto Rico).     

1.48 
			      Upstream Agreements    means the AZ Agreements and the Merck Agreement.      

1.49 
			    Upstream Licensors    means Astra Zeneca and Merck.      

1.50 
			    Valid Claim    means a claim of (a) an issued and unexpired patent, which claim has not been held invalid or unenforceable by a court or other government agency of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or has been taken and has not been held or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through re-examination or disclaimer, opposition procedure, nullity suit or otherwise, or (b) a pending patent application;   provided, however  , that if a claim of a pending patent application shall not have issued within seven (7) years after the earliest filing date from which such claim takes priority, such claim shall no longer constitute a Valid Claim for the purposes of this Agreement unless and until a patent issues with such claim.      

1.52 
			 Additional Definitions.    The following table identifies the location of definitions set forth in various Sections of the Agreement:      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

2. 
			   LICENSE GRANT     

2.1 
			   License to ZAI  .    TESARO hereby grants to ZAI an exclusive (but subject to TESARO s retained right under   Section 2.2   below), royalty bearing and sublicenseable (in accordance with   Section 2.3   below) license under the TESARO IP to Develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, have sold, import and otherwise Commercialize the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the ZAI Territory.       

2.2 
			     Retained Rights  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TESARO retains:  (a) the right to practice the TESARO IP within the scope of the license granted to ZAI under   Section 2.1   to perform TESARO s obligations under this Agreement; (b) the right to practice and license the TESARO IP outside the scope of the license granted to ZAI under   Section 2.1  .       

2.3 
			 Sublicense  .  ZAI shall have the right to grant sublicenses, under the license granted by TESARO to ZAI under   Section 2.1   to its Affiliates, subcontractors and other Third Parties; provided, that TESARO provides its prior written consent to such sublicense granted to any Third Parties, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; and provided further, that a sublicense to an Affiliate shall not require TESARO s consent only for so long as such Affiliate remains an Affiliate of ZAI.  Each sublicense agreement shall be consistent with, and shall be subject to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and ZAI shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, regardless of whether ZAI may have delegated those obligations to its sublicensees.  ZAI shall, within thirty (30) days after granting any sublicense, notify TESARO of the grant of such sublicense and provide TESARO with a copy of such sublicense, which may be redacted to remove any sensitive information not necessary for TESARO to verify its compliance with the terms of this Agreement.      

2.4 
			 No Implied Licenses, Negative Covenant  .  Except as expressly set forth herein, neither Party shall acquire any license or other right or interest, by implication or otherwise, under any know-how, patents, trademarks, copyrights, or any other intellectual property of the other Party.    ZAI covenants that it will not, and it will not permit any of its Affiliates or sublicensees to, use or practice any TESARO IP outside the scope of the license granted to it under   Section 2.1   above.       

2.5 
			 Subcontracting  .  Notwithstanding   Section 2.3  , ZAI shall have the right to engage Subcontractors to perform Development and manufacturing activities hereunder, without the prior written consent of TESARO, subject to the provisions of this Section 2.5.  ZAI shall enter into an appropriate written agreement with any subcontractor such that (i) such contractor shall be bound by provisions that are consistent with all applicable provisions of this Agreement to the same extent as ZAI, (ii) any such contractor to whom ZAI discloses Confidential Information of TESARO shall enter into an appropriate written agreement obligating such contractor to be bound by obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use of such TESARO Confidential Information that are no less restrictive than the obligations in this Agreement, and (iii) such contractor agrees to assign or license (with the right to grant sublicenses) to ZAI any inventions related to the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product(s) (and any Patent covering      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

such inventions) made by such contractor in performing such Development or manufacturing work for ZAI.  ZAI shall not use as a Subcontractor any Third Party identified by TESARO to ZAI in writing, as a prohibited Subcontractor, provided that if ZAI obtains TESARO s written approval to engage any particular Subcontractor(s), then TESARO shall not have the right to subsequently designate such Subcontractor(s) as prohibited Subcontractor(s).       

2.6 
			 Right of First Negotiation  .  On the condition that ZAI is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TESARO hereby grants ZAI the right of first negotiation to obtain a license to Develop and Commercialize in the Field in the ZAI Territory any Follow-on Compound; provided, that TESARO is also Developing such follow-on compound and TESARO has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1 Clinical Trial with such Follow-on Compound.  With respect to each Follow-on Compound, TESARO shall provide written notice to ZAI before filing any IND for such compound, which notice shall include a reasonably detailed summary of the pre-clinical data generated during the research and development of such compound.  If ZAI notifies TESARO within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice that it is interested in obtaining a license to develop and commercialize such compound in the Field in the Territory, then TESARO shall negotiate in good faith and exclusively with ZAI for a period of sixty (60) days the terms and conditions of such license.  If the parties fail to reach agreement on the terms and conditions of such a license within such ninety (90) days, TESARO may enter into discussion with and grant such a license to any Third Party and/or develop and commercialize such compound in the Field in the Territory by itself.     

2.7 
			 PARP Inhibitor Exclusivity  .        As partial consideration for TESARO granting to ZAI the license set forth in   Section 2.1  , during the Term, ZAI shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates to not, itself or in cooperation with or through others, discover, research, develop, manufacture or commercialize any PARP Inhibitor other than the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Product hereunder.  In the event ZAI wishes to obtain the right (by licensing, merger or acquisition or otherwise) to discover, research, develop, manufacture or commercialize any PARP Inhibitor other than the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products, ZAI shall notify TESARO in writing, and TESARO may determine, in its sole discretion, [***].     

2.8 
			 Co-Marketing Right  . (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, TESARO shall have an exclusive right to co-promote each Licensed Product in the Field in the ZAI Territory (the    Co-Promote Right   ) on the terms set forth in this   Section 2.8  . TESARO shall provide written notice to ZAI of its intent to exercise the foregoing Co-Promote Right with respect to a Licensed Product no later than twelve months prior to the First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory (the    Co-Promote Notice   ). The Co-Promote Notice shall include TESARO s written commitment to the following [***].     

(b) For a period of ninety  (90) days following ZAI s receipt of a Co-Promote Notice, TESARO and ZAI will negotiate in good faith commercially reasonable terms [***] upon which the parties would co-promote the applicable Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory. If TESARO does not deliver a Co-Promote Notice for a Licensed Product to ZAI within the applicable twelve-month period prior to First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product, then TESARO shall be deemed to have waived its rights under this Section 2.8 solely with respect to the applicable Licensed Product. If TESARO and ZAI do not mutually agree on the terms upon   

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

which the parties would co-promote the applicable Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory within the ninety (90) day negotiation period described above, then the matter shall be referred to the Parties  Executive Officers, who shall meet promptly (either in person or via teleconference) and negotiate in good faith in an attempt to come to an agreement.  If the Executive Officers cannot come to an agreement within fifteen (15) days, then the final terms of the co-promote shall be determined in accordance with the binding arbitration procedure set forth in Section 14.2, except that the arbitrator s decision will be limited to selecting either the terms proposed by TESARO or the terms proposed by ZAI, and such determination shall be final and binding on, and non-appealable by, the Parties. 

3. 
			   GOVERNANCE     

3.1 
			     Establishment of JSC  .  The Parties will establish a joint steering committee to review and oversee the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products and to coordinate the Parties  activities under this Agreement (the    Joint Steering Committee    or    JSC   ).  Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, each Party shall appoint two (2) representatives to the JSC, each of which shall have sufficient seniority and relevant expertise to make decisions within the scope of the JSC s responsibilities.  The JSC may change its size from time to time by mutual consent of the Parties; provided, that the JSC will consist at all times of an equal number of representatives of each of ZAI and TESARO.  Each Party may at any time replace its JSC representatives upon written notice to the other Party.     

3.2 
			   Co-Chairpersons of JSC  .    Each of ZAI and TESARO will select from their representatives a co-chairperson for the JSC, and each Party may change its designated co-chairperson from time to time upon written notice to the other Party.  The co-chairpersons of the JSC will be responsible for calling meetings, preparing and circulating an agenda and relevant materials (including drafts of, updates to, or any proposed changes to a Development Plan) to the other Party at least ten (10) business days in advance of each meeting, and preparing and issuing minutes of each meeting within ten (10) business days thereafter.     

3.3 
			   JSC Responsibilities  .  The JSC shall be responsible for:       

(a) 
			 coordinating the activities of the Parties under this Agreement and providing a forum for and facilitate communications between the Parties under this Agreement;      

(b) 
			 reviewing, discussing and approving changes to the Development Plan, overseeing the implementation of the Development Plan, and reviewing and discussing the data and results of the Development activities under the Development Plan, in each case, subject to the provisions of   Section 3.5  , below,      

(c) 
			 reviewing and discussing the Commercialization Plan and Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory;      

(d) 
			 reviewing, discussing and coordinating scientific presentations and publication plans with respect to the Licensed Compound, Licensed Product and any results arising therefrom during the course of the Development Plan in the ZAI Territory, and      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(e) 
			 performing such other functions as appropriate to further the purposes of this Agreement, as expressly set forth in this Agreement or allocated to it by the Parties in writing by mutual agreement.     

3.4 
			   JSC Meetings  .  The JSC will hold meetings (either in-person or by teleconference or videoconference) at such times and places as the co-chairpersons may reasonably determine,   provided   that, unless the Parties agree otherwise, the JSC will meet quarterly and only by teleconference, videoconference or some other electronic means.  Each Party will bear its own costs associated with attending meetings.  Each Party may from time to time invite a reasonable number of participants, in addition to its representatives, to attend the JSC meetings in a non-voting capacity.  Each individual attending any JSC meeting hereunder (whether as a JSC member or invitee) shall be bound by written non-use, non-disclosure terms and conditions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Agreement with respect to the Confidential Information of the other Party (for clarity, this may be through employment agreements with such individuals).     

3.5 
			   JSC Authority; Limitations  .  Day-to-day operational level decisions concerning the Development, manufacture and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory shall be made by ZAI.  Material updates or changes to the Development Plan, including (for clarity) any new clinical protocols or material changes to an approved clinical protocol or material changes to strategy with respect to regulatory activities in the ZAI Territory, shall require approval of the JSC.  The members of each Party on the JSC shall collectively have one vote.  Except as otherwise provided in this   Section          3.5  , decisions of the JSC shall be made by unanimous vote,   provided   that at least one (1) representative from each Party participates in such vote.  If the JSC does not reach unanimity with respect to a particular matter, and the JSC is unable to resolve the dispute after endeavoring for fifteen (15) business days to do so, then either Party may, by written notice to the other, have such matter referred to the Parties  Executive Officers, who shall meet promptly (either in person or via teleconference) and negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute.  If the Executive Officers cannot resolve on such dispute within fifteen (15) days, then ZAI shall have the final decision making authority on such matter to the extent the matter that is the subject of the dispute relates solely to the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds or the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory and does not impact the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds or the Licensed Products in the TESARO Territory.      

3.6 
			   Limitations on authority of JSC  .  The JSC will have sole authority with respect to the responsibilities assigned to such committees in   Section 3.3   and elsewhere in this Agreement.  The JSC shall not have any authority to amend, modify or waive compliance with this Agreement.  For clarity, neither TESARO nor ZAI will have any right to unilaterally modify, amend or waive its own compliance with the terms of this Agreement.     

3.7 
			 Alliance Managers  .  Each Party shall appoint a single individual to act as the primary point of contact between the Parties in connection with the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product(s) (the    Alliance Managers   ).  Each Party may at any time appoint a different Alliance Manager by written notice      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

to the other Party and may elect, upon mutual agreement by the Parties, to eliminate the responsibilities of the Alliance Managers.  The Alliance Managers will (i) use good faith efforts to attend all meetings of the JSC, any may also serve as voting members of the JSC, and (ii) be the first point of referral for all matters of conflict resolution, and bring disputes to the attention of the JSC in a timely manner.     

4. 
			   TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER      

4.1 
			     Know-How  .  Promptly after the Effective Date, TESARO shall, to the extent not already delivered to ZAI, deliver to ZAI an electronic copy (either a CD-ROM or access to a secured electronic database) of all material TESARO Know-How relating the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory existing as of the Effective Date.  If any additional material TESARO Know-How relating the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory comes into TESARO s Control during the Term of this Agreement (including any Data resulting from the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in TESARO Territory), TESARO shall promptly notify ZAI and deliver an electronic copy thereof to ZAI.  In addition, if at any time during the Term of this Agreement, ZAI identifies particular documents, data or information that are within the TESARO Know-How, but were not previously delivered to ZAI, including without limitation materials requested in connection with an audit or other inquiry by a Regulatory Authority relating to the Development, manufacture and/or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products, TESARO shall use reasonable efforts to promptly provide such material to ZAI upon request.     

4.2 
			   Materials  .  As soon as practicable after the Effective Date but in no event later than the applicable deadline set forth in   Exhibit C  , TESARO shall provide to ZAI[***] the quantities of Licensed Compounds, Licensed Products and other materials as listed in   Exhibit C     to this Agreement.    Exhibit C   shall also set forth the cost to be paid by ZAI for the materials provided by TESARO.  In connection with the supply of such Licensed Compounds, Licensed Products and materials, TESARO shall also provide ZAI with relevant documents, including batch records, certificate of analysis and certificate of compliance. All such materials provided by TESARO hereunder shall not be used by ZAI for any purpose other than Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product(s) in the ZAI Territory in accordance with this Agreement.       

4.3 
			 Technical Assistance  .  For a period of six (6) months after the Effective Date, TESARO shall provide ZAI with reasonable technical assistance to help ZAI to understand and use the TESARO Know-How to Develop and manufacture the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products.  Such technical assistance shall include reasonable access, by teleconference or in-person at TESARO s facilities (subject to TESARO s customary rules and restrictions with respect to site visits by non-TESARO personnel), to TESARO personnel familiar with research, development and manufacture of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products, including CMC expertise in connection with the manufacture of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products.       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

5. 
			 DEVELOPMENT     

5.1 
			   General  .  ZAI shall be solely responsible for the Development of the Licensed Products in the Field throughout the Territory, at its own cost and expense.  ZAI shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop the Licensed Products to obtain Regulatory Approval in the ZAI Territory, including but not limited to, using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to carry out Development (including regulatory activities as set forth in   Section 5.5  ) of the Licensed Products in accordance with the Development Plan and in   compliance with Applicable Law, including GCP.       

5.2 
			   Development Plan  .  The Development of the Licensed Product(s) in the ZAI Territory shall be conducted by ZAI pursuant to a Development plan that will include a description of the Development activities to be performed in support of the Regulatory Approval of the Licensed Product(s) in the ZAI Territory, including projected timelines for completion of such activities (the    Development Plan   ).  The initial Development Plan agreed to by the Parties is attached hereto as   Exhibit D  .  Any material changes to the Development Plan shall be drafted by ZAI and shared with TESARO, including the addition of any clinical trial protocols or any material changes thereto, and shall require the approval of TESARO (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).  In the event of any proposed change to the Development Plan as a result of any interaction with any Regulatory Authority, the JSC shall meet as promptly as practicable to review and discuss any such proposed changes and determine an appropriate revision (if any) to the Development Plan.     

5.3 
			     Development Records and Reporting  .     

(a) 
			   Records  .  ZAI shall maintain complete and accurate records of all work conducted by or on behalf of ZAI in furtherance of the Development of Licensed Product(s) and all material results, Data and developments made in conducting such activities.  Such records shall be maintained in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and regulatory purposes and in accordance with Applicable Law.        

(b) 
			   Reporting  .  ZAI will provide to TESARO, a written report at least once each calendar quarter, in English, describing in reasonable detail ZAI s activities and progress related to the Development of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory pursuant to the Development Plan.  ZAI shall promptly respond to TESARO s reasonable questions or requests for additional information relating to such Development activities.     

(a) 
			 Data Sharing  .  In addition to the adverse event and safety report reporting obligations under   Section 5.7   below, each Party shall promptly provide the other Party with copies of all material Data and results generated from its (including its Affiliates , licensees  and sublicensees ) Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in its Territory to the extent necessary for the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the other Party s Territory.       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(b) 
			 Use by ZAI  .  ZAI shall have the right to use and reference any material Data (including related Regulatory Materials) generated from the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the TESARO Territory (which shall be automatically included in TESARO IP) in support of obtaining Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed Product(s) in the ZAI Territory.  ZAI may use and reference all such material Data to Develop, manufacture and Commercialize the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, without additional payment or compensation to TESARO.      

(c) 
			 Use by TESARO  .  ZAI shall, as part of the license to TESARO under ZAI Inventions pursuant to   Section 10.1(b)  , provide the right for TESARO to use and reference the material Data generated from the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory in support of obtaining Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed Product(s) in the TESARO Territory.     

5.5 
			 Regulatory Activities  .  ZAI shall apply for (and maintain), at ZAI s cost and expense, all Regulatory Approvals of Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory.  ZAI shall be responsible for the preparation of all Regulatory Materials and all communications and interactions with Regulatory Authorities with respect to the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, both prior to and subsequent to Regulatory Approval.  ZAI shall file all required regulatory dossiers to obtain (and maintain) Regulatory Approvals of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, and will be the holder of such Regulatory Approvals.       

5.6 
			   Regulatory Materials and Meetings  .  ZAI shall promptly provide TESARO with an electronic copy of all Regulatory Materials and correspondence with Regulatory Authorities by ZAI with respect to the Development of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory.  During the time period that ZAI is conducting the Development Plan, to the extent legally permissible and practicable, ZAI shall provide TESARO prior notice with respect to all meetings, conferences and discussions with Regulatory Authorities (including advisory committee meetings and any other meeting of experts convened by a Regulatory Authority) regarding the Licensed Product(s),    provided however  , ZAI is not obligated to provide TESARO prior notice for meetings, conferences or discussions with Regulatory Authorities that are informal or not previously   scheduled.  ZAI shall provide such notice within five (5) Business Days after ZAI receives notice of the scheduling of such meeting, conference, or discussion.  TESARO shall be entitled to be present at (but not to participate in, unless requested by ZAI or the Regulatory Authority) all such meetings, conferences or discussions with Regulatory Authorities to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws,   provided  ,   however  , in the event that, in ZAI s reasonable judgment, TESARO s presence in any such meeting, conference or discussion will negatively affect the outcome of such meeting, conference or discussion, TESARO shall defer to ZAI s reasonable judgment.     

5.7 
			   Pharmacovigilance  .  Within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall define and finalize the actions that the Parties shall employ with respect to the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products to protect patients and promote their well-being in a written pharmacovigilance agreement (the    Pharmacovigilance Agreement   ).  These responsibilities shall include mutually acceptable guidelines and procedures for the receipt,      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

investigation, recordation, communication, and exchange (as between the Parties) of adverse event reports, pregnancy reports, and any other information concerning the safety of any Licensed Product.  Such guidelines and procedures shall be in accordance with, and enable the Parties to fulfill, local and national regulatory reporting obligations under Applicable Laws.  Furthermore, such agreed procedure shall be consistent with relevant ICH guidelines, except where said guidelines may conflict with existing local regulatory reporting safety reporting requirements, in which case local reporting requirement shall prevail.  Each Party shall be responsible for reporting quality complaints, adverse events and safety data related to a Licensed Product to applicable Regulatory Authorities in its Territory, as well as responding to safety issues and to all requests of Regulatory Authorities relating to a Licensed Product in its Territory.  The Pharmacovigilance Agreement shall also provide for a worldwide safety database to be maintained by TESARO at its cost.  Each Party hereby agrees to comply with its respective obligations under such Pharmacovigilance Agreement and to cause its Affiliates and permitted sublicensees to comply with such obligations.      

5.8 
			 Remedial Actions  .  Each Party will notify the other Parties immediately, and promptly confirm such notice in writing, if it obtains information indicating that any Licensed Product may be subject to any recall, corrective action or other regulatory action with respect to such product taken by virtue of Applicable Law (a    Remedial Action   ).  The Parties will assist each other in gathering and evaluating such information as is necessary to determine the necessity of conducting a Remedial Action.  Each Party shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees will, maintain adequate records to permit the Parties to trace the manufacture, distribution and use (to the extent possible) of the Licensed Products.  As between the Parties, ZAI shall have sole discretion with respect to any matters relating to any Remedial Action for the Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory and TESARO shall have sole discretion with respect to any matters relating to any Remedial Action for the Licensed Product in the TESARO Territory.  In the event that a Party determines that any Remedial Action with respect to the Licensed Product in its Territory should be commenced, or if Remedial Action is required by any Regulatory Authority having jurisdiction over the matter in its Territory, such Party will control and coordinate all efforts necessary to conduct such Remedial Action and shall be responsible for all cost and expense of such Remedial Action in its territory.         

6. 
			   COMMERCIALIZATION     

6.1 
			   General  .  ZAI shall have the sole right to and responsibility for the Commercialization of Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, including manufacturing, selling, distributing and invoicing Licensed Products and would book one hundred percent (100%) of the sales, in the ZAI Territory.  ZAI shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory after Regulatory Approval has been obtained, and shall conduct its Commercialization activities with respect to the Licensed Products in accordance with Applicable Law.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

6.2 
			     Coordination of Commercialization Activities.       

(a) 
			 General  .  The Parties recognize that they may benefit from the coordination of certain activities in support of the Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory. As such, the Parties will coordinate such activities where appropriate and as such coordination may be mutually agreed by the Parties.  ZAI shall update TESARO in writing on a quarterly basis, through the JSC, of the expected timing of the commercial launch and First Commercial Sale of each Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory.       

(b) 
			 Pricing  .  Each Party shall have the right to determine the price of the Licensed Product sold in its Territory and no Party shall have the right to direct, control or approve the pricing of the Licensed Product in the other Party s Territory.       

(c) 
			 Global Brand Elements  .  The Parties, through their respective Alliance Managers, may endeavor to develop and adopt the key distinctive colors, logos, images, symbols, and trademarks to be used in both Territories in connection with the Commercialization of the Licensed Products.  Each Party shall own the rights in such global brand elements in its Territory and shall Commercialize the Licensed Products in its Territory in a manner consistent with the applicable global brand elements.       

(d) 
			 Market Research and Materials  .  At each regularly scheduled JSC meeting, each Party shall update the other Party regarding the material market research that it is performing with respect to the Licensed Products, and shall provide the other Party with a copy of such research upon request if such material market research is necessary for the other Party to commercialize the Licensed Products in its Territory.  The Parties shall also share copies of all marketing and promotional materials with respect to the Commercialization of the Licensed Products with each other.      

6.3 
			   Diversion  .  Each Party hereby covenants and agrees that it and its Affiliates shall not, and it shall contractually obligate (and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to enforce such contractual obligation) its licensees and sublicensees not to, directly or indirectly, actively promote, market, distribute, import, sell or have sold any Licensed Product, including via the Internet or mail order, to any Third Party or to any address or Internet Protocol address or the like in the other Party s Territory.  Neither Party shall engage, nor permit its Affiliates and sublicensees to engage, in any advertising or promotional activities relating to any Licensed Product for use directed primarily to customers or other buyers or users of such product located in any country or jurisdiction in the other Party s Territory, or solicit orders from any prospective purchaser located in any country or jurisdiction in the other Party s Territory.  If a Party or its Affiliates or sublicensees receives any order for a Licensed Product for use from a prospective purchaser located in a country or jurisdiction in the other Party s Territory, such Party shall immediately refer that order to such other Party and shall not accept any such orders.  Neither Party shall deliver or tender (or cause to be delivered or tendered), nor permit its Affiliates and sublicensees to, deliver or tender (or cause to be delivered or tendered) any Licensed Product for use in the other Party s Territory.       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

6.4 
			 Trademark  .  Subject to   Section 6.2(c)  , ZAI shall have the right to brand the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory using ZAI related trademarks and any other trademarks and trade names it determines appropriate for the Licensed Products, which may vary by country or within a country.  ZAI shall own all rights in such trademarks and register and maintain such trademarks in the countries and regions within the ZAI territory, where it determines appropriate.       

7. 
			 MANUFACTURE AND SUPPLY     

7.1 
			   Product Manufacture and Supply  .  Except for the initial supply set forth in   Section 4.2   above, ZAI shall be solely responsible for, either by itself or through its Affiliates or Third Party contact manufactures, the manufacture and supply of all necessary clinical and commercial supply of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products, in conformance with the applicable specifications thereof and all Applicable Laws, for both Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory.  To the extent necessary for the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory in accordance with this Agreement, ZAI shall obtain all other clinical supplies, and acknowledges and agrees that (a) such clinical supplies shall be manufactured and supplied in accordance with the Good Manufacturing Practice for Drugs (              ) promulgated by CFDA, and (b) ZAI shall be responsible for labeling of such supplies and distribution to clinical sites.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, ZAI shall not use any contract manufacturer or materials supplier listed on Schedule 7.1, for the purposes of manufacturing Licensed Compounds or Licensed Products, without the prior written consent of TESARO.     

7.2 
			 Manufacturing Technology Transfer  .  Without limiting   Article 4  , upon ZAI s reasonable request, TESARO shall transfer to ZAI or its designated Third Party contract manufacturer all material TESARO Know-How necessary to manufacture the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product.  In connection with such technology transfer, TESARO shall provide reasonable technical assistance, at ZAI s cost, to enable ZAI or its designated Third Party contract manufacturer to manufacture the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product.     

7.3 
			   Supply by TESARO  .  At any time during the Term, upon ZAI s written request, TESARO and ZAI may negotiate in good faith terms and conditions of a separate supply agreement, pursuant to which TESARO would manufacture and supply Licensed Compound and/or Licensed Product to ZAI; provided, neither party is obligated to enter into any such supply agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event ZAI is required by the CFDA to Commercialize the Licensed Product as an imported product, and the Parties have not entered into the supply agreement referred to above, then (a) TESARO will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to manufacture and supply the Licensed Compound and/or Licensed Product to ZAI for such Commercialization purposes pursuant to the terms of a supply agreement to be negotiated in good faith between the parties, which terms shall include [***].      

8. 
			 FINANCIAL TERMS         

8.1 
			   License Fee Consideration  .       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(a) 
			 Upfront Payment  .  As partial consideration to TESARO for the rights and licenses granted to ZAI hereunder, ZAI shall pay to TESARO fifteen million Dollars ($15,000,000) non-refundable, non-creditable upfront payment, due thirty (30) business days after the Effective Date.     

(b) 
			 Right of First Refusal  .  As partial consideration to TESARO for the rights and licenses granted to ZAI hereunder, ZAI hereby grants TESARO the right to enter into a license described in this Section 8.1(b) with respect to each of the first two Immuno-oncology assets [***] (each, an    Immuno-Oncology Asset   ) developed by ZAI during the Term. If, at any time during the Term, ZAI develops and intends to advance any such Immuno-Oncology Asset into human clinical trials in the ZAI Territory, then at least six months prior to the initiation of any human clinical trial of such Immuno-Oncology Asset in the ZAI Territory, ZAI will notify TESARO in writing of such intent and provide TESARO with a confidential written summary of the Immuno-Oncology Asset, including all material clinical, pre-clinical and other relevant data that TESARO may reasonably request which would be necessary for TESARO to determine whether to exercise its right to license such Immuno-Oncology Asset under this Section 8.1(b) (a    Transaction Notice   ), which Transaction Notice shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of ZAI under this Agreement. TESARO will notify ZAI within [***] of its receipt of the Transaction Notice whether TESARO would like to exercise its right under this Section 8.1(b) to obtain an exclusive, worldwide (excluding China), sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset for all uses (an    Option Notice   ). For a period of [***] following ZAI s receipt of an Option Notice, TESARO and ZAI will negotiate in good faith commercially reasonable terms for the foregoing license of the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset to TESARO. If TESARO does not deliver an Option Notice to ZAI within the applicable [***] period, or declines in writing its option to take a license to the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset after review of the Transaction Notice, then TESARO shall be deemed to have waived its rights under this Section 8.1(b) solely with respect to the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset, and ZAI will be free to enter into a license for such Immuno-Oncology Asset with any Third Party thereafter.  If TESARO exercises its option by providing the Option Notice with respect to the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset, but TESARO and ZAI do not mutually agree on the terms of a license to TESARO within the [***] negotiation period described above, ZAI may not enter into any license transaction for such Immuno-Oncology Asset outside of the ZAI Territory with any Third Party for a period of [***] following the end of such [***] negotiation period (the    Restricted Period   ). After the end of the Restricted Period, ZAI is permitted to negotiate a license for the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset with a Third Party;   provided  ,    however  , that ZAI may not enter into a license for the applicable Immuno-Oncology Asset with a Third Party on financial terms that are materially less favorable, in the aggregate, to ZAI than those offered by TESARO (collectively, the    Third Party Terms   ).  [***]  For the sake of clarity, nothing in this Section 8.1(b) shall be deemed to restrict ZAI s ability to grant of a license to a service provider or to a Third Party distributor selling finished Immuno-Oncology Product purchased from ZAI.       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(a) 
			 Development Milestone  . ZAI shall pay to TESARO the following one-time milestone payments within [***] following the first achievement of the corresponding milestone events set forth below by ZAI, its Affiliates or sublicensees for any Licensed Compound or Licensed Product.  For purposes of clarity, the milestone payment set forth below shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone, and shall not be payable more than once, regardless of whether more than one Licensed Compound or Licensed Product achieves such milestone.     

Development Milestone Event  

Milestone Payment  

[***]  

$[***]  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if ZAI s Development activities cause TESARO to owe Merck a milestone payment under the  Development Milestone  section of Section 7.02 of the Merck Agreement and TESARO has not received from ZAI a corresponding milestone payment under this Section 8.2(a), then ZAI shall pay to TESARO, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement the amount of the milestone payment owed by TESARO to Merck. 

(b) 
			 Sales-Based Milestones  .  ZAI shall pay to TESARO the following one time milestone payments upon reaching the following specific Net Sales milestones for the Licensed Product(s) within [***] following the end of the Calendar Year during which the Net Sales milestone set forth below is first reached:       

Annual Net Sale of all Licensed Products in the Territory   

Milestone Payments  

Equal or exceed   $[***]   

$[***]  

Equal or exceed   $[***]   

$[***]  

Equal or exceed   $[***]   

$[***]  

(a) 
			 Generally  .  Subject to the remainder of this   Section 8.3  , ZAI shall pay to TESARO a running royalty on Net Sales of each Licensed Product sold by ZAI, its Affiliates and Sublicensees in the Field in the ZAI Territory, as calculated by multiplying the applicable royalty rate set forth below by the corresponding amount of incremental, aggregated annual Net Sales of the Licensed Product sold in the Territory in the applicable Calendar Year:      

Portion of Annual Net Sales of the Licensed Product in the Territory  

Royalty Rate  

Less than or equal to   $[***]   

[***]%  

Greater than   $[***] but less than or equal to     $[***]  

[***]%  

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Greater than   $[***]   

[***]%  

(b) 
			 Royalty Term  .  Subject to subsection (d) below, royalties shall be payable on a country-by-country and Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis from the First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product in a country until the last to occur of: (i) expiration of the last to expire TESARO Patents that contains a Valid Claim Covering such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region; (ii) expiration of any market or data exclusivity for the sale of such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region; or (iii) [***]  years from the First Commercial Sale of such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region (the    Royalty Term   ).       

(c) 
			 Royalty Reductions  .       

(i) 
			 If a Licensed Product is generating Net Sales in a country or administrative region during the Royalty Term in such country at a time when there is no TESARO Patent that contains a Valid Claim Covering the composition of matter of such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region, then the royalty rate for such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region shall be reduced by [***].      

(ii) 
			   If it is necessary for ZAI to obtain a license from a Third Party under any Patents in order to manufacture, import or sell the Licensed Product in a country or administrative region in the ZAI Territory and ZAI obtains such a license, then ZAI shall have the right to deduct, from the royalty payment that would otherwise have been due pursuant to this   Section 8.3   with respect to Net Sales of such Licensed Product in such country or administrative region, an amount equal to [***] of the amount paid by ZAI to such Third Party pursuant to such patent license on account of the sale of such Licensed Product in such country during such Calendar Quarter; provided however, that in no event shall the royalties paid to TESARO with respect to such Net Sales by operation of this   Section 8.3(c)(ii)   be reduced to less than [***] of the amount that would otherwise due with respect to such Net Sales.       

(d) 
			 Minimum Royalties  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the royalties due from ZAI to TESARO under this Agreement with respect to the Net Sales of the Licensed Product in the Territory in a particular Calendar Quarter shall be no less than the royalties owed by TESARO to Upstream Licensors under the Upstream Agreements with respect to such Net Sales plus [***] of such Net Sales.       

(e) 
			 Upstream Royalties  .  TESARO shall be solely responsible for the payment of royalties and other payments owed by TESARO to Upstream Licensors and any other Third Parties on account of the Development and Commercialization of the Licensed Product by ZAI in the Territory.       

(f) 
			 Royalty Conditions  .  The royalties under   Section 8.3   shall be subject to the following conditions:     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(i) 
			   only one (1) royalty shall be due with respect to each unit of Licensed Product, without regard to whether there is more than one Valid Claim Covering such Licensed Product;     

(ii) 
			   no royalties shall be due upon the sale or other transfer of the Licensed Products among ZAI, its Affiliates and sublicensees, but in such cases the royalty shall be due and calculated upon ZAI s or its Affiliate s or sublicensee s Net Sales of Licensed Product to the first independent Third Party; and     

(iii) 
			   no royalties shall accrue on the disposition of Licensed Product in reasonable quantities by ZAI, its Affiliates or sublicensees as part of an expanded access program, for use in clinical trials, as free samples, or as donations to non-profit institutions or government agencies for non-commercial purposes,   provided  , in each case, that neither ZAI, its Affiliate nor sublicensees receive any payment (in excess of its actual costs) for such Licensed Product.     

8.4 
			     Manner of Payment  .  All payments to be made by ZAI hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such bank account as shall be designated by TESARO.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all payments to be made by ZAI under this Agreement shall be due within [***] of the date of invoice.  Late payments shall bear interest at the rate provided in   Section 8.10  .     

8.5 
			   Sales Reports and Royalty Payments  .    Any royalty payments due under this Agreement will be calculated and reported for each Calendar Quarter, and will be paid within [***] of the end of each Calendar Quarter in which the applicable Net Sales were recorded.      Each royalty payment will be accompanied by a report stating on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product: (a) Net Sales of the Licensed Product in the applicable Calendar Quarter, (b) a calculation of the amount of the royalty payment due on such Net Sales during the applicable Calendar Quarter, and (c) the amount of withholding taxes, if any, required by Applicable Law to be deducted with respect to such royalties.      

8.6 
			 Financial Records  .  ZAI will maintain records as are required to determine, in accordance with this Agreement, Net Sales and royalties due under this Agreement.  ZAI will maintain such records until the later of (a) three (3) years after the end of the period to which such records pertain, (b) the expiration of the applicable tax statute of limitations (or any extensions thereof), or (c) such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law.     

8.7 
			     Financial Audit  .  On thirty (30) days prior written notice, TESARO will have the right to have an independent certified public accountant inspect the financial records of ZAI and its Affiliates and their Sublicensees relating to the sale of the Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, no more than once per Calendar Year, during usual business hours, at a time and a place mutually agreed to, for the sole purpose of verifying the completeness and accuracy of Net Sales and royalties due under this Agreement for the period of time three (3) years preceding the date of the notice.  The notice must identify the period of time subject to inspection.  Records from a period of time already subject to an inspection pursuant to this   Section 8.7   may not be inspected again.  Such accountant must have agreed in writing to maintain the confidentiality of all information learned in confidence, except as necessary to disclose any discrepancy to TESARO.  TESARO shall pay for such inspections, unless such inspection and audit discloses for the period examined that there is an underpayment to TESARO of greater than [***] of the amounts actually due in any given year, in which case ZAI will be responsible for the payment of the reasonable cost of such inspection and audit.  TESARO and its independent accounting firm agree that all information concerning such payments and reports will be Confidential Information of ZAI as provided for in this Agreement.  ZAI will pay to TESARO within sixty (60) days any underpayment identified pursuant to this   Section          8.7  .     

8.8 
			 Currency Exchange  .  With respect to Net Sales invoiced in a currency other than Dollars, the Net Sales shall be expressed in the domestic currency of the entity making the sale, together with the Dollar equivalent (as applicable), calculated using the rate of exchange to be used in computing the amount of currency equivalent in Dollars by ZAI for its own financial reporting purposes in connection with its other products.     

8.9 
			   Taxes  .  (a) In the event that Applicable Law requires ZAI to deduct or withhold taxes with respect to any payment to be made by ZAI pursuant to this Agreement, ZAI will notify TESARO of such requirement prior to making the payment to TESARO and provide      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

such assistance to TESARO, including the provision of such documentation as may be required by a tax authority, as may be reasonably necessary in TESARO s efforts to claim an exemption from or reduction of such taxes. ZAI will, in accordance with Applicable Law, deduct or withhold taxes from the amount due, remit such taxes to the appropriate tax authority when due, and furnish TESARO with proof of payment of such taxes within thirty (30) days following the payment. If taxes are paid to a tax authority, ZAI shall provide reasonable assistance to TESARO to obtain a refund of taxes withheld, or obtain a credit with respect to taxes paid.  To the extent such amounts are paid to the appropriate tax authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to TESARO.     

(b) All payments due to TESARO from ZAI pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid net of any value-added tax or other tax ( VAT ) required to be paid by ZAI to tax authorities in the Territory (which, if applicable, shall be payable by ZAI upon receipt of a valid VAT invoice); provided, that ZAI shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist TESARO to minimize and obtain all available exemptions from such VAT or other taxes. If ZAI is required to withhold and/or TESARO is required to report any such tax, ZAI shall promptly provide TESARO with applicable receipts evidencing payment of such tax and other documentation reasonably requested by TESARO. 

8.10 
			   Interest on Late Payment  .  Interest shall be payable on any payments that are not paid on or before the date thirty (30) days after the date such payments are due under this Agreement at the per-annum rate of prime (as reported in The Wall Street Journal (U.S., Eastern Edition)) plus two percentage points or the maximum rate allowable by applicable Law, whichever is less.     

9. 
			   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS     

9.1 
			   Mutual Representations and Warranties  .  Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that:     

(a) 
			   It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated;     

(b) 
			   It has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement;     

(c) 
			   The execution of this Agreement and the performance by such Party of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized;     

(d) 
			   This Agreement is legally binding and enforceable on such Party in accordance with its terms; and     

(e) 
			   The performance of this Agreement by it does not create a material breach or material default under any other agreement to which it is a Party.     

9.2 
			   Representations and Warranties of TESARO  .  TESARO represents and warrants that as of the Effective Date:     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(a) 
			   TESARO is the sole owner or exclusive licensee of the TESARO IP, free and clear of all liens, and has the right to grant to ZAI the rights and licenses as purported to be granted hereunder;       

(b) 
			   there is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, litigation or arbitration which alleges, or any written communication alleging, that TESARO s activities with respect to the TESARO IP or the Licensed Compounds have infringed or misappropriated any of the intellectual property rights of any Third Party;       

(c) 
			 there is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened re-examination, opposition, interference or litigation, or any written communication alleging that any TESARO Patent is invalid or unenforceable anywhere in the world;     

(d) 
			   subject to the terms and conditions of the Upstream Agreements, to its knowledge, the manufacture, Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products does not and will not infringe with any Patent  rights of any Third Party in the ZAI Territory;     

(e) 
			   it is not aware of any infringement or misappropriation of any TESARO IP by any Third Party;     

(f) 
			   it (and, to its knowledge, any Third Party acting under its authority) has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws in connection with its development of the Licensed Compounds (including information and data provided to Regulatory Authorities), and has not used any employee, consultant or contractor who has been debarred by any Regulatory Authority, or to its knowledge, is the subject of a debarment proceeding by any Regulatory Authority;     

(g) 
			   it has not granted any rights in the TESARO IP that are inconsistent with the rights granted to ZAI under this Agreement;      

(h) 
			   other than the Patents set forth in   Exhibit B  , TESARO does not Control any Patent that is reasonably necessary for the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product or that Covers (i) the composition of matter of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, or (ii) a method of manufacture or use of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product.  If TESARO identifies any Patent that it Controls after the Effective Date which is reasonably necessary for the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product in the ZAI Territory or that Covers (A) the composition of matter of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, or (B) a method of manufacture or use of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, then such Patent shall automatically be added to the list of TESARO Patents;       

(i) 
			 the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products provided by TESARO as part of the technology transfer under   Section 4.2   have been manufactured, handled      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

and stored in accordance with all Applicable Laws, including the current Good Manufacturing Practice set forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 11, 210 and 211; and     

(j) 
			 TESARO has disclosed to ZAI and made available to ZAI for review, to the extent in TESARO s possession and control, all material non-clinical and clinical data for the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product, and all other material information (including relevant correspondence with Regulatory Authorities) relating to the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product, in each case that would be material to TESARO to assess the safety and efficacy of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product.     

9.3 
			 Upstream Agreements  .  TESARO represents, warrants and covenants (as applicable) to ZAI that:      

(a) 
			 as of the Effective Date, except for the Upstream Agreements, there is no agreement between TESARO or its Affiliates with any Third Party pursuant to which TESARO or its Affiliates has in-licensed any TESARO IP;      

(b) 
			 as of the Effective Date, it has provided ZAI with a true and complete copy of each Upstream Agreement, and each Upstream Agreement is in full force and effect, and the (sub)licenses it obtained under the AZ Agreements encompass the right to make, use and sell the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product in the Field in the ZAI Territory in accordance with the terms of the AZ Agreements, and during the Term, TESARO shall not modify or terminate   either of the   AZ Agreements in a manner that would diminish   the right   of ZAI under this Agreement to make, use and sell the Licensed Compound and Licensed Product in the Field in the ZAI Territory;     

(c) 
			 as of the Effective Date, no written notice of default or termination has been received or given under any Upstream Agreement, and to its knowledge, there is no act or omission by TESARO that would provide a right to terminate any Upstream Agreement;      

(d) 
			 during the Term of this Agreement, it shall maintain each Upstream Agreement in full force and effect and shall not terminate, amend, waive or otherwise modify (or consent to any of the foregoing) its rights under any Upstream Agreement in any manner that materially diminishes the rights or licenses granted to ZAI hereunder or increase or generate any new payment obligation under any Upstream Agreement that would apply to ZAI (such as any milestone payment under Section 7.02 of the Merck Agreement that would apply to ZAI s Development activities), without ZAI s express written consent; and      

(e) 
			 in the event of any notice of breach of any Upstream Agreement by TESARO, TESARO shall promptly notify ZAI in writing, and if TESARO fails to cure such breach, ZAI shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure such breach on behalf of TESARO and to offset any reasonable amounts incurred or paid by ZAI in connection with the cure of such breach against any amounts otherwise payable by to TESARO under this Agreement.  In the event of any notice of breach of any Upstream Agreement by the applicable Upstream Licensor in a manner that will or is likely to materially adversely affect ZAI s rights or obligations under this Agreement, TESARO shall immediately notify ZAI in writing, and      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

TESARO shall take such actions as reasonably requested by ZAI to enforce such Upstream Agreement.       

9.4 
			 ZAI Compliance with Upstream Agreements  .  ZAI acknowledges and agrees that the rights and licenses granted by TESARO to ZAI under this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Upstream Agreements.  ZAI agrees to take any action (or omission, to the extent applicable to ZAI) reasonably requested by TESARO that is necessary or advisable to maintain compliance with the terms and conditions of the Upstream Agreements.     

(a) 
			 In performing their respective obligations hereunder, the Parties acknowledge that the corporate policies of TESARO and ZAI and their respective Affiliates require that each Party s business be conducted within the letter and spirit of the law.  By signing this Agreement, each Party agrees to conduct the business contemplated herein in a manner which is consistent with all Applicable Law, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, good business ethics, and its ethics and other corporate policies, and to abide by the spirit of the other Party s applicable ethics and compliance guidelines which may be provided by such other Party from time to time.  Specifically, each Party agrees that it has not, and covenants that it, its Affiliates, and its and its Affiliates  directors, employees, officers, and anyone acting on its behalf, will not, in connection with the performance of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, make, promise, authorize, ratify or offer to make, or take any action in furtherance of, any payment or transfer of anything of value for the purpose or intent of influencing, inducing or rewarding any act, omission or decision to secure an improper advantage; or improperly assisting it in obtaining or retaining business for it or the other Party, or in any way with the purpose or effect of public or commercial bribery.      

(b) 
			 Each Party shall not contact, or otherwise knowingly meet with, any Government Official for the purpose of discussing activities arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, without the prior written approval of the other Party, except where such meeting is consistent with the purpose and terms of this Agreement and in compliance with Applicable Law, it being agreed and acknowledged that ZAI has the right under this Agreement to meet with any Government Official with respect to the lawful conduct of any clinical study for the Licensed Product.        

9.6 
			 Disclaimer  .  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY PATENTS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OR KNOW-HOW OF SUCH PARTY OR ANY LICENSE GRANTED BY SUCH PARTY HEREUNDER, OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY COMPOUNDS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE TRANSFERRED MATERIALS.  FURTHERMORE, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT ANY PATENT, PATENT APPLICATION,      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS INCLUDED IN PATENTS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OR KNOW-HOW LICENSED BY SUCH PARTY TO THE OTHER PARTY HEREUNDER ARE VALID OR ENFORCEABLE OR THAT USE OF SUCH PATENTS, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OR KNOW-HOW CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER DOES NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY.     

9.7 
			   Limitation of Liability  .  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, MULTIPLE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES   PROVIDED, HOWEVER  , THAT THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT APPLY TO OR LIMIT (I) DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR ANY BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN   ARTICLE          11  ; (B) A PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN   ARTICLE 12  .       

10. 
			   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY     

(a) 
			   Ownership of Inventions  .  The inventorship of all Inventions shall be determined under the U.S. patent laws.    Each Party shall solely own its Sole Inventions and the Parties shall jointly own all Joint Inventions.  All Patents Covering patentable Joint Inventions shall be referred to herein as    Joint Patents  .   Except to the extent restricted by the licenses granted to other Party under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Parties, each joint owner shall be entitled to practice, license, assign and otherwise exploit the Joint Inventions and Joint Patents without the duty of accounting or seeking consent from the other owners     

(b) 
			   License of Inventions  .  TESARO s Sole Inventions and TESARO s right and interest in and to any Joint Inventions shall be included in TESARO IP and automatically licensed to ZAI under this Agreement.  Further, ZAI hereby grants to TESARO an exclusive, perpetual and freely sublicensable license under ZAI s Sole Inventions and ZAI s right and interest in and to any Joint Inventions, including the Data generated by ZAI from the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, for use by TESARO to Develop, manufacture and Commercialize the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the TESARO Territory.         

(c) 
			   Disclosure of Inventions  .  Each Party shall promptly disclose to the other Party all Sole Inventions of such Party and also Joint Invention, including any invention disclosures, or other similar documents, submitted to it by its employees, agents or independent contractors describing such Inventions, and shall promptly respond to reasonable request from the other Parties for additional information relating to such Inventions.      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(a) 
			 TESARO Patents  .  As between the Parties, TESARO shall have the first right to file, prosecute and maintain, at its own cost and expense, all TESARO Patents that are not Joint Patents.  TESARO shall consult with ZAI and keep ZAI reasonably informed of the status of such TESARO Patents in the ZAI Territory and shall promptly provide ZAI with all material correspondence received from any patent authority in connection therewith.  In addition, TESARO shall promptly provide ZAI with drafts of all proposed material filings and correspondence to any patent authority with respect to such TESARO Patents in the ZAI Territory for review and comment prior to the submission of such proposed filings and correspondences.  TESARO shall confer with ZAI and consider in good faith ZAI s comments prior to submitting such filings and correspondences.  TESARO shall notify ZAI of any decision to cease prosecution and/or maintenance of any such TESARO Patents in the ZAI Territory at least thirty (30) days prior to any filing deadline or payment due date.  In such event, TESARO shall permit ZAI, at its discretion and at its sole expense, to continue prosecution or maintenance of such TESARO Patent.       

(b) 
			 Joint Patents  .  Each Party shall have the first right to file, prosecute and maintain, at its own cost and expense, all Joint Patents in its Territory.  Each Party shall consult with the other Party and keep the other Party reasonably informed of the status of the Joint Patents in its Territory and shall promptly provide the other Party with all material correspondence received from any patent authority in connection therewith.  In addition, each Party shall promptly provide the other Party with drafts of all proposed material filings and correspondence to any patent authority with respect to the Joint Patents in its Territory for review and comment prior to the submission of such proposed filings and correspondences.  Each Party shall confer with the other Party and consider in good faith the other Party s comments prior to submitting such filings and correspondences.  Each Party shall notify the other Party of any decision to cease prosecution and/or maintenance of any Joint Patents in its Territory at least thirty (30) days prior to any filing deadline or payment due date.  In such event, such Party shall permit the other Party, at its discretion and at its sole expense, to continue prosecution or maintenance of such Joint Patent.     

(c) 
			 ZAI Patents  .  Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in a separate license agreement pursuant to   Section 10.1(b)  , as between the Parties, ZAI shall have the sole right to file, prosecute and maintain, at its own cost and expense, all Patents Covering its Sole Inventions.       

(d) 
			 Cooperation  .  Each Party shall provide the other Party all reasonable coordination, assistance and cooperation in the patent prosecution efforts under this Agreement, including providing any necessary powers of attorney and executing any other required documents or instruments for such prosecution.       

(a) 
			   Notice and Enforcement by ZAI  .  In the event that either Party becomes aware of a suspected infringement  by a Third Party of any TESARO Patents in the      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Field within the ZAI Territory, or any declaratory judgment, opposition, or similar action alleging the invalidity, unenforceability or non-infringement of any of TESARO Patents in the ZAI Territory (collectively,    Infringement   ), such Party shall notify the other Party promptly.  ZAI shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to bring and control any legal action in connection with any Infringement of TESARO Patents in the ZAI Territory at its own expense and as it reasonably determines appropriate.  TESARO shall have the right to be represented in any such action by counsel of its choice at its own expense.      

(b) 
			 Enforcement by TESARO  .  If ZAI does not to bring a legal action or otherwise take reasonable measure to stop the Infringement of TESARO Patents in ZAI Territory within ninety (90) days after the notice provided pursuant to   Section 10.3(a)  , TESARO shall have the right to bring and control any legal action in connection with such Infringement in the ZAI Territory at its own expense as it reasonably determines appropriate after consultation with ZAI.       

(c) 
			 Cooperation  .    At the request and expense of the Party bringing the action under   Section 10.3(a)   or   (b)   above, the other Party shall provide reasonable assistance in connection therewith, including by executing reasonably appropriate documents, cooperating in discovery and joining as a party to the action if required.  In connection with any such proceeding, the enforcing Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed on the status of such action and shall not enter into any settlement admitting the invalidity of, or otherwise impairing the other Party s rights in, the relevant TESARO Patents without the prior written consent of the other Party.       

(d) 
			 Cost and Recovery  .    The enforcing Party under   Section 10.3(a)   or   (b)   shall be responsible for the cost and expense incurred with the enforcement action.  Any recoveries resulting from such enforcement action shall be first applied to reimburse each Party s cost and expenses in connection therewith.  Any such recoveries in excess of such cost and expense shall be retained by the enforcing Party; provided that if ZAI is the enforcing Party, then such recovery shall be deemed Net Sales and subject to royalty payment to TESARO under Section 8.3.      

10.4 
			   Defense of Third Party Claims  .  Subject to   Article 12  , if a claim is brought by a Third Party alleging infringement of a Patent of such Third Party by the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the ZAI Territory, the Party first having notice of the claim or assertion shall promptly notify the other Parties, the Parties shall agree on and enter into an  common interest agreement  wherein such Parties agree to their shared, mutual interest in the outcome of such potential dispute, and thereafter, the Parties shall promptly meet to consider the claim or assertion and the appropriate course of action.  Each Party shall be entitled to represent itself in any litigation to which it is a party, at its own expense, unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement.      

10.5 
			 Bankruptcy Protection  .  All licenses granted by a Party to the other Party under this Agreement are and shall otherwise be deemed to be for purposes of Section 365(n) of      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Title 11, United States Code or foreign equivalent laws (the    Bankruptcy Code   ) licenses of rights to  intellectual property  as defined in Section 101(56) of the Bankruptcy Code.  The Parties shall retain and may fully exercise all of their respective rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code.  Upon the bankruptcy of a Party, the non-bankrupt Party shall further be entitled to a complete duplicate of, or complete access to, any such intellectual property, and such, if not already in its possession, shall be promptly delivered to the non-bankrupt Party, unless the bankrupt Party elects to continue, and continues, to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement.  Nothing in this   Section 10.5   shall be interpreted as giving any Party greater rights to the other Party s intellectual property after the bankruptcy of the other Party than such Party had prior to such bankruptcy.        

11.1 
			     Nondisclosure and Non-Use  .  Each Party agrees that, for so long as this Agreement is in effect and for a period of [***] years thereafter, a Party (the    Receiving Party   ) receiving or possessing Confidential Information of the other Party (the    Disclosing Party   ) shall, and shall cause its employees, representatives, Affiliates, consultants, contractors, agents and Sublicensees to, (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential Information using not less than the efforts such Receiving Party uses to maintain in confidence its own proprietary industrial information of similar kind and value (but no less than reasonable care), (b) not disclose such Confidential Information to any Third Party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, except for disclosures expressly permitted below, and (c) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement, including in connection with exercising its rights or fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that this clause (c) shall not create or imply any rights or licenses not expressly granted under   Article    2 hereof).  Each Receiving Party shall be responsible for any breach of these obligations by any of its employees, representatives, Affiliates, consultants, contractors, agents and Sublicensees to which it discloses or provides access to any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.  Each Receiving Party shall take all reasonable action under Applicable Law to enforce the confidentiality obligations hereunder against any employees, representatives, Affiliates, consultants, contractors, agents and Sublicensees to which it discloses or provides access to any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.     

11.2 
			 Confidentiality of TESARO Know-How  .  During such time as the license to ZAI under the TESARO Know-How granted under   Section          2.1   is in effect, solely for disclosure purposes to Third Parties, the TESARO Know-How shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of both TESARO and ZAI under   Article          11  , both TESARO and ZAI shall be deemed to be a Disclosing Party of the TESARO Know-How under   Article          11  , and TESARO and its Affiliates shall be deemed not to have known such TESARO Know-How prior to disclosure for the purposes of   Section          11.3(a)  .       

11.3 
			   Exceptions  .  The obligations in   Section          11.1   shall not apply with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information that the Receiving Party can show by competent proof:     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(a) 
			     was known to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, without any obligation to keep it confidential or any restriction on its use, prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or     

(b) 
			     was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the Receiving Party;     

(c) 
			 became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the Receiving Party in breach of this Agreement; or     

(d) 
			 is subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates by a Third Party lawfully in possession thereof and without any obligation to keep it confidential or any restriction on its use; or     

(e) 
			   has been independently developed by employees or contractors of the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates without the aid, application or use of Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party as demonstrated by documented evidence prepared contemporaneously with such independent development.     

11.4 
			   Authorized Disclosure  .  The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information belonging to the Disclosing Party to the extent (and only to the extent) such disclosure is reasonably necessary in the following instances:     

(a) 
			   preparing, filing or prosecuting Patents;   preparing, filing or prosecuting Regulatory Materials with respect to obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of the Licensed Products;   and prosecuting or defending litigation;     

(b) 
			   subject to   Section 11.7  , complying with Applicable Law (including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange, regulations of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People s Republic of China, and the State Intellectual Property Office of the People s Republic of China) and with judicial process, if in the reasonable opinion of the Receiving Party s counsel, such disclosure is necessary for such compliance,   provided   that the Receiving Party shall promptly notify the other Party of such required disclosure so that the Disclosing Party can seek a protective order or other appropriate remedies and, at the Disclosing Party s request and expense, reasonably assist the Disclosing Party in seeking such protective order or other reasonable remedies; and     

(c) 
			   disclosure (i) in connection with the performance of this Agreement and solely on a  need to know basis , to Affiliates, potential or actual collaborators (including potential Sublicensees), or     employees, contractors, or agents; or (ii) solely on a  need to know basis  to potential or actual investment bankers, consultants, advisors, investors, partners, collaborators, lenders, or acquirers; each of whom in the case of clause (i) or (ii) prior to disclosure must be bound by written obligations of confidentiality and non-use no less restrictive than the obligations set forth in this   Article          11  .     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

11.5 
			   Terms of this Agreement.    The Parties acknowledge that the terms of this Agreement shall be treated as Confidential Information of both Parties.     

11.6 
			   Prior CDA  .  This Agreement supersedes the Mutual Confidentiality and Non-Use Agreement between the Parties dated October 12, 2015 (the    Prior CDA   ) with respect to information disclosed thereunder.  All information exchanged between the Parties under the Prior CDA shall be deemed Confidential Information of the disclosing Party and shall be subject to the terms of this   Article          11  .     

11.7 
			   Securities Filings  .  In the event either Party proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the securities regulators of any state, country, province or other jurisdiction a registration statement or any other disclosure document which describes or refers to this Agreement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act, of 1934, as amended, or any other Applicable Law, such Party shall notify the other Party of such intention and shall provide such other Party with a copy of relevant portions of the proposed filing not less than five (5) business days prior to such filing (and any revisions to such portions of the proposed filing a reasonable time prior to the filing thereof), including any exhibits thereto relating to this Agreement, and shall use reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment of any information concerning this Agreement that such other Party requests be kept confidential, and shall only disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party which it is advised by counsel is legally required to be disclosed.  No such notice shall be required under this   Section 11.7   if the substance of the description of or reference to this Agreement contained in the proposed filing has been included in any previous filing made by the other Party hereunder or otherwise approved by the other Party.     

11.8 
			   Technical Publication  .  No Party may publish peer reviewed manuscripts, or give other forms of public disclosure such as abstracts and presentations, of results of studies carried out under this Agreement, without the opportunity for prior review by the other Parties, except to the extent required by Applicable Laws.  A Party seeking publication of results of studies carried out under this Agreement shall provide the other Party the opportunity to review and comment on any proposed publication which relates to the Licensed Product at least thirty (30) days prior to its intended submission for publication.  The other Party shall provide the Party seeking publication with its comments in writing, if any, within twenty (20) days after receipt of such proposed publication.  The Party seeking publication shall consider in good faith any comments thereto provided by the other Party and shall comply with the other Party s request to remove any and all of such other Party s Confidential Information from the proposed publication.  In addition, the Party seeking publication shall delay the submission for a period up to sixty (60) days in the event that the other Party can demonstrate reasonable need for such delay, including without limitation, the preparation and filing of a patent application.  If the other Party fail to provide its comments to the Party seeking publication within such twenty (20) day period, such other Party shall be deemed to not have any comments, and the Party seeking publication shall be free to publish in accordance with this   Section 11.8   after the thirty (30) day period has elapsed.  The Party seeking publication shall provide the other Party a copy of the manuscript at the time of the submission.  Each Party agrees to acknowledge the contributions of the other Party and its employees in all publications as scientifically appropriate.      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

11.9 
			 Equitable Relief  .  Each Receiving Party acknowledges and agrees that a breach of this   Article 11   cannot reasonably or adequately be compensated in damages in an action at law and that such a breach shall cause the Disclosing Party irreparable injury and damage.  By reason thereof, the Parties agree that each Party shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement or otherwise, to preliminary and permanent injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or curtail any breach of the obligations relating to Confidential Information set forth herein.       

12. 
			   INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE     

12.1 
			   Indemnification by ZAI  .  ZAI hereby agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify TESARO, its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all Third Party claims, suites, proceedings, damages, expenses, liabilities, and/or losses, including without limitation reasonable legal expenses and attorneys  fees (collectively    Claims   ) to the extent resulting from or arising out of:  (a) the negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement by ZAI; (b) ZAI s Development, manufacture and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in ZAI Territory; (c) any action or omission of ZAI that causes a breach of or results in non-compliance the Upstream Agreements, except in each case to the extent such Claims result from or arise out of any activities set forth in   Section 12.2   for which TESARO is obligated to indemnify ZAI.      

12.2 
			   Indemnification by TESARO  .  TESARO hereby agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify ZAI, its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all Third Party Claims to the extent resulting from or arising out of:  (a) the negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement by TESARO; (b) TESARO s Development, manufacture and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in TESARO Territory; and (c) TESARO s Development, manufacture and Commercialization of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products prior to the Effective Date; except in each case to the extent such Claims result from or arise out of any activities set forth in   Section 12.1   for which ZAI is obligated to indemnify TESARO.     

12.3 
			   Indemnification Procedure  .  The indemnified Party shall provide the indemnifying Party with prompt notice of the claim giving rise to the indemnification obligation pursuant to this   Article 12   and the exclusive ability to defend (with the reasonable cooperation of the indemnified Party) or settle any such claim;   provided, however  , that the indemnifying Party shall not enter into any settlement for damages other than monetary damages without the indemnified Party s written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.  The indemnified Party shall have the right to participate, at its own expense and with counsel of its choice, in the defense of any claim or suit that has been assumed by the indemnifying Party.  If the Parties cannot agree as to the application of   Sections 12.1   and   12.2   to any particular Claim, the Parties may conduct separate defenses of such claim and reserve the right to claim indemnity from the other in accordance with   Sections 12.1   and   12.2   above upon resolution of the underlying claim, notwithstanding the provisions of this   Section 12.3   requiring the indemnified Party to tender to the indemnifying Party the exclusive ability to defend such claim or suit.      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

12.4 
			       Mitigation of Loss.    Each indemnified Party shall take and shall procure that its Affiliates, agents, directors, officers and employees take all such reasonable steps and action as are reasonably necessary or as the indemnifying Party may reasonably require in order to mitigate any Claims (or potential losses or damages) under this   Article 12  .  Nothing in this Agreement shall or shall be deemed to relieve any Party of any common law or other duty to mitigate any losses incurred by it.       

12.5 
			 Insurance  .  Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and which are consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which any Licensed Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by such Party.  It is understood that such insurance shall not be construed to create a limit of either Party s liability with respect to its indemnification obligations under this   Article 12  .  Each Party shall provide the other Party with written evidence of such insurance upon request.  Each Party shall provide the other Party with written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance which materially adversely affects the rights of the other Party hereunder.     

13. 
			   TERM AND TERMINATION     

13.1 
			   Term  .  This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms hereof or by mutual written consent, shall continue  , on a country-by-country and Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product basis, until the expiration of the Royalty Term for such Licensed Product in such country (the    Term   ).  After the expiration (but not early termination) of the Term, the licenses granted by TESARO to ZAI hereunder shall become full paid, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable.       

(a) 
			   Termination for convenience  .  At any time, ZAI may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination to TESARO, which notice includes an effective date of termination at least [***] after the date of the notice.     

(b) 
			 Termination for Material Breach  .  Each Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately upon written notice to the other Party if the other Party materially breaches its material obligations under this Agreement and, after receiving written notice identifying such material breach in reasonable detail, fails to cure such material breach within [***] from the date of such notice, provided that, if such other Party dispute such alleged breach in good faith, such termination shall not become effective unless and until such dispute has been resolved in favor of the Party providing notice of such termination and such other Party has not cured such material breach within [***] after such resolution.     

(c) 
			 Termination for Insolvency  .  Each Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately upon written notice to the other Party if (i) such other Party files in any court or agency pursuant to any statute or regulation of any jurisdiction a petition in bankruptcy or insolvency or for reorganization or similar arrangement      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

for the benefit of creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee of such other Party or its assets, (ii) such other Party is served with an involuntary petition against it in any insolvency proceeding, and upon the [***] after such service, such involuntary petition has not been stayed or dismissed, or (iii) such other Party makes an assignment of substantially all of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.      

(d) 
			   Termination by Mutual Agreement  .  The Parties may also terminate this Agreement by mutual agreement.      

13.3 
			   Effect of Termination  .  Upon the early termination of this Agreement pursuant to   Section 13.2  :       

(a) 
			 License to ZAI  .  All licenses and other rights granted by TESARO to ZAI shall terminate  , and all rights of ZAI under the TESARO Patents and TESARO Know-How shall revert to TESARO.         

(b) 
			 License to TESARO  .  ZAI shall grant to TESARO (with the right to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers) an exclusive license under ZAI s Sole Inventions and ZAI s right and interest in and to any Joint Inventions, including the Data generated by ZAI from the Development of the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products under this Agreement, for use by TESARO (or its sublicensees) to Develop, manufacture and Commercialize the Licensed Compounds and Licensed Products in the TESARO Territory.  The terms and conditions of such a license may include, at TESARO s request, the transfer of Regulatory Materials, inventories, and/or ongoing clinical trials to TESARO, as well as reasonable transition assistance.  The foregoing license and transfer shall be royalty-free and without payment from TESARO other than (i) the payment by TESARO of the reasonable cost of any transition assistance (such costs to be consistent with industry custom, and (ii) if: (A) ZAI terminates this Agreement under 13.2(b), he license shall be royalty-bearing (such royalties to be consistent with other royalty-bearing royalties for similar intellectual property rights) and otherwise on commercially reasonable terms.     

13.4 
			   Transfer of Data and Regulatory Materials; Wind-down of Clinical Activities  .  Without limiting the obligations of the Parties under Section 13.3 above, upon the effective date of the termination of this Agreement, ZAI shall transfer to TESARO, at TESARO s business premises, all Data and Regulatory Materials related to the Licensed Compounds or Licensed Products.  Additionally, with respect to any ongoing clinical trials of Licensed Products each Party shall cooperate with the other Party to facilitate the orderly transfer to TESARO of the conduct of such clinical trials as soon as reasonably practicable, (ii) until such time as the conduct of such clinical trials has been successfully transferred to TESARO, ZAI shall continue such clinical trials, (iii) between the effective date of termination and the date on which the conduct of such clinical trials has been successfully transferred to TESARO, ZAI shall be responsible for all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by ZAI in the conduct of such clinical trials, and (iv) following the date on which the conduct of such clinical trials has been successfully transferred to TESARO, TESARO shall be solely responsible for all costs and expenses of such ongoing clinical trials.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

13.5 
			 Survival  .  Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of any liability or obligation which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration nor preclude either Party from pursuing all rights and remedies it may have hereunder or at law or in equity, subject to   Section          14.2  , with respect to any breach of this Agreement nor prejudice either Party s right to obtain performance of any obligation.  The following provisions shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, as well as any other provision which by its terms or by the context thereof, is intended to survive such termination: Articles 1, 10, 11, and 15, and Sections 9.6, 9.7, 13.3, 13.4 and 13.5..      

14.1 
			   Internal Resolution  .  Other than disputes subject to the final resolution by the JSC or Executives pursuant to   Section 3.5 or   determinations made by certified accountants as provided in   Section          8.7  , in the event of any dispute between the Parties relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the formation, construction, breach or termination hereof, or the rights, duties or liabilities of either Party hereunder, the Parties shall first attempt in good faith to resolve such dispute by negotiation and consultation between themselves, utilizing the Alliance Managers.  In the event that such dispute is not resolved on an informal basis within thirty (30) days, either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, refer the dispute to the Executive Officers for attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30) days after such notice is received.     

14.2 
			   Binding Arbitration  .  If the Executive Officers are not able to resolve such disputed matter within thirty (30) days and any Party wishes to pursue the matter, each such dispute, controversy or claim that is not an Excluded Claim (defined in   Section 14.3   below) shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration administered by the International Chamber of Commerce (   ICC   ) pursuant its arbitration rules, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  The Parties agree that:      

(a) 
			 The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator appointed by the ICC, who shall be experienced in the pharmaceutical business in the relevant country.  The place of arbitration shall be New York, New York, and all proceedings and communications shall be in English, unless otherwise agreed by all Parties involved in such dispute.      

(b) 
			 Any Party may apply to the arbitrators for interim injunctive relief until the arbitration award is rendered or the controversy is otherwise resolved.  Any Party also may, without waiving any remedy under this Agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any injunctive or provisional relief necessary to protect the rights or property of that Party pending the arbitration award.       

(c) 
			 The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive or any other type of damages not measured by a Party s compensatory damage.  Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses and attorneys  fees and an equal share of the arbitrator s fees and any administrative fees of arbitration regardless of the outcome of such arbitration.       

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

(d) 
			 Except to the extent necessary to confirm an award or as may be required by law, neither a Party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of an arbitration without the prior written consent of all Parties.  In no event shall an arbitration be initiated after the date when commencement of a legal or equitable proceeding, based on the dispute, controversy or claim, would have been barred by the applicable statute of limitations.      

14.3 
			 Excluded Claim  .  As used in   Section 14.2  , the term    Excluded Claim    shall mean a dispute, controversy or claim that concerns the scope, validity, enforceability, inventorship or infringement of a patent, patent application, trademark or copyright.  Any Excluded Claim shall be submitted to a court of competent jurisdiction.     

15.1 
			   Severability  .  If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the provision shall be considered severed from this Agreement and shall not serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof.  The Parties shall make a good faith effort to replace any invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable one such that the objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be realized.     

15.2 
			   Notices  .  Any notice required or permitted to be given by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier with tracking capabilities or mailed postage prepaid by first class, registered or certified mail addressed as set forth below unless changed by notice so given:     

If to ZAI: 

Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 1043 Halei Road, Building 8, Suite 502, Pudong, Shanghai, P.R. China, 201203     [***] 

With a copy to: 

Lila Hope, Ph.D.     Cooley LLP 3175 Hanover Street Palo Alto, CA  94304-1130     [***] 

If to TESARO: 

TESARO Inc.  1000 Winter Street, Suite 3300 

Waltham, MA 02451     [***] 

With a copy to: 

Asher Rubin 

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

Hogan Lovells US LLP 

100 International Drive, Suite 2000 

Baltimore, MD 21201     [***] 

Any such notice shall be deemed given on the date received.  A Party may add, delete, or change the person or address to whom notices should be sent at any time upon written notice delivered to the Party s notices in accordance with this   Section  15.2  . 

15.3 
			   Force Majeure  .  Neither Party shall be liable for delay or failure in the performance of any of its obligations hereunder if such delay or failure is due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, fires, earthquakes, strikes and labor disputes, acts of war, terrorism, civil unrest or intervention of any governmental authority (   Force Majeure   );   provided, however  , that the affected Party promptly notifies the other Party and further   provided   that the affected Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes of non-performance and to mitigate the effect of such occurrence, and shall continue performance with the utmost dispatch whenever such causes are removed.  When such circumstances arise, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith any modifications of the terms of this Agreement that may be necessary or appropriate in order to arrive at an equitable solution.     

15.4 
			   Assignment  .      Neither Party may assign this Agreement to a Third Party without the other Party s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); except that TESARO may make such an assignment without ZAI s consent to a successor to substantially all of the business of such Party to which this Agreement relates (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or other transaction) and either Party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate without the other Party s consent.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Parties  successors and permitted assigns.  Any assignment or transfer in violation of this   Section          15.4   shall be null and void and wholly invalid, the assignee or transferee in any such assignment or transfer shall acquire no rights whatsoever, and the non-assigning non-transferring Party shall not recognize, nor shall it be required to recognize, such assignment or transfer.     

15.5 
			   Further Assurances  .  Each Party agrees to do and perform all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents necessary or that the other Party may deem advisable in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and to evidence, perfect or otherwise confirm its rights hereunder.     

15.6 
			   Waivers and Modifications  .  The failure of any Party to insist on the performance of any obligation hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such obligation.  Waiver of any breach of any provision hereof shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or any other provision on such occasion or any succeeding occasion.  No waiver, modification, release or amendment of any obligation under or provision of this Agreement shall be valid or effective unless in writing and signed by all Parties hereto.     

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

15.7 
			   Choice of Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, U.S. without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.         

15.8 
			   Publicity  .  Neither Party shall issue any press release or public statement disclosing the existence of this Agreement or any other information relating to this Agreement, the other Party, or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other Party,   provided, however  , that any disclosure which is required by Applicable Law or the rules of a securities exchange, as reasonably advised by the disclosing Party s counsel, may be made subject to the following.  The Parties agree that any such required disclosure will not contain confidential business or technical information and, if disclosure of confidential business or technical information is required by Applicable Law, the Parties will use appropriate diligent efforts to minimize such disclosure and obtain confidential treatment for any such information which is disclosed to a governmental agency.  Each Party agrees to provide to the other Party a copy of any public announcement regarding this Agreement or the subject matter thereof as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances prior to its scheduled release.  Except under extraordinary circumstances, or as otherwise required under Applicable Law or the rules of a securities exchange, each Party shall provide the other with an advance copy of any such announcement at least five (5) business days prior to its scheduled release.  Each Party shall have the right to expeditiously review and recommend changes to any such announcement and, except as otherwise required by Applicable Law or the rules of a securities exchange, the Party whose announcement has been reviewed shall remove any Confidential Information of the reviewing Party that the reviewing Party reasonably deems to be inappropriate for disclosure.  The contents of any announcement or similar publicity which has been reviewed and approved by the reviewing Party can be re-released by either Party without a requirement for re-approval.  Nothing in this   Section          15.8   shall be construed to prohibit ZAI or its Affiliates or Sublicensees from making a public announcement or disclosure regarding the stage of development of Licensed Product(s) in ZAI s (or its Affiliates  or Sublicensees ) product pipeline or disclosing clinical trial results regarding such Licensed Product(s), as may be required by Applicable Law or the rules of a securities exchange, as reasonably advised by ZAI s (or its Affiliates  or Sublicensees ) counsel.     

15.9 
			   Relationship of the Parties  .  Each Party is an independent contractor under this Agreement.  Nothing contained herein is intended or is to be construed so as to constitute TESARO and ZAI as partners, agents or joint venturers.  Neither Party shall have any express or implied right or authority to assume or create any obligations on behalf of or in the name of the other Party or to bind the other Party to any contract, agreement or undertaking with any Third Party.     

15.10 
			   Headings  .  Headings and captions are for convenience only and are not be used in the interpretation of this Agreement.     

15.11 
			   Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement (including all Exhibits attached hereto, which are incorporated herein by reference) (a) sets forth all of the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and understandings between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) constitutes and contains the complete, final and      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

exclusive understanding and agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) cancels, supersedes and terminates all prior agreements (including the Prior CDA) and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings with respect to the subject hereof, whether oral or written, between the Parties other than as set forth herein.  No subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto unless reduced to writing and signed by the respective authorized officers of the Parties.     

15.12 
			   Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counter-parts with the same effect as if both Parties had signed the same document.  All such counterparts shall be deemed an original, shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument.     

15.13 
			   Registration  .  If required by Applicable Law, ZAI shall be responsible for the registration of this Agreement with all applicable Regulatory Authorities in the ZAI Territory. TESARO shall reasonably cooperate with ZAI in obtaining any such registrations, including providing relevant documents required by the applicable Regulatory Authorities in the ZAI Territory. Upon successful registration of this Agreement with each applicable Regulatory Authority in the ZAI Territory, ZAI shall promptly forward to TESARO copies of any registration certificates as well as any other documentation received by ZAI.     

(a) 
			   Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement has been diligently reviewed by and negotiated by and between them, that in such negotiations each of them has been represented by competent counsel and that the final agreement contained herein, including the language whereby it has been expressed, represents the joint efforts of the Parties hereto and their counsel.  Accordingly, in interpreting this Agreement or any provision hereof, no presumption shall apply against any Party hereto as being responsible for the wording or drafting of this Agreement or any such provision, and ambiguities, if any, in this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party, irrespective of which Party may be deemed to have authored the ambiguous provision.  The English language version of this Agreement shall control any interpretations of the provisions of this Agreement.     

(b) 
			   The definitions of the terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include ,  includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation  whether or not such phrase is included.  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall .  The word  any  shall mean  any and all  unless otherwise clearly indicated by context.  The words  day ,  quarter  or  year  means a calendar day, quarter or year, as applicable, unless otherwise specified.     

(c) 
			   Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or      

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or therein), (ii) any reference to any Applicable Law herein shall be construed as referring to such Applicable Law as from time to time enacted, repealed or amended, (iii) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include the person s successors and assigns, (iv) the words  herein ,  hereof  and  hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, and   (v) all references herein to Articles, Sections or Exhibits, unless otherwise specifically provided, shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections and Exhibits of this Agreement.     

[Signature Page Follows] 

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers. 

Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 

By:    /s/ Samantha Du    

Name:   Samantha Du    

Title:   CEO    

TESARO, Inc. 

By:    /s/ Leon O. Moulder Jr.    

Name:   Leon O. Moulder Jr.    

Title:   CEO    

TESARO DEVELOPMENT Ltd. 

By:    /s/ Joseph Farmer    

Name:   Joseph Farmer    

Title:   Director    

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

[***] 

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

[***] 

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

[***] 

Exhibit D:  Development Plan - Niraparib Clinical development plan in China  

[***] 

] 

Confidential  

[***] INDICATES MATERIAL THAT WAS OMITTED AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT WAS REQUESTED. ALL SUCH OMITTED MATERIAL WAS FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tsro-20160930ex311c389d3.htm
 EX-31.1

tsro_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Leon O. Moulder, Jr., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TESARO, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tsro-20160930ex3129defdb.htm
 EX-31.2

tsro_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Timothy R. Pearson, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TESARO, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Timothy R. Pearson  

Timothy R. Pearson  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tsro-20160930ex3214f91ad.htm
 EX-32.1

tsro_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of TESARO, Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Leon O. Moulder, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Leon O. Moulder, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tsro-20160930ex32242e511.htm
 EX-32.2

tsro_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of TESARO, Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Timothy R. Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Timothy R. Pearson  

Timothy R. Pearson  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 tsro-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tsro-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tsro-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tsro-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tsro-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tsro-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

