<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_730708_0001144204-16-132784_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14623075</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162192</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>508829</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5104582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6892523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1627102</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>127</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132784.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132784
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEACOAST BANKING CORP OF FLORIDA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				592260678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13660
		FILM NUMBER:		161984206

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 9012
		CITY:			STUART
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34994
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7722886085

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 9012
		CITY:			STUART
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34995

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132784.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451689_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to __________________. 

Commission File No. 0-13660 

Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

Florida  
       
      59-2260678   

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or 
         Organization  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes          No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one):  

Large Accelerated  
      Accelerated  
      Non-Accelerated  
      Small Reporting   
 
      Filer       
      Filer       
      Filer       
      Company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes     
   No     

  Common Stock, $0.10 Par Value   38,025,020 shares as of September 30, 2016  

INDEX 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 

Part I  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      PAGE #   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Condensed consolidated balance sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
     
         3   

Condensed consolidated statements of income   Three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     
         4   

Condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income   Three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     
         5   

Consolidated statements of cash flows   Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     
          6-7   

Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   
      8-33   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     
         34-62   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      63   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      64   

Part II  
      OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      65   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      65   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      65   

Item 3.  
       Defaults upon Senior Securities    
      66   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      66   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      66   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      67   

SIGNATURES   
      68   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 

Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 

 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 

 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) (Unaudited) 

 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and Subsidiaries 

NOTE A   BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial
statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of these condensed consolidated
financial statements required the use of certain estimates by management in determining the Company s assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Specific areas, among others, requiring
the application of management s estimates include determination of the allowance for loan losses, the valuation of investment
securities available for sale, fair value of impaired loans, contingent liabilities, fair value of other real estate owned, the
fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, and the valuation of deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Early Adoption of Accounting Standard
Update  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2016-09 for  Compensation Stock Compensation, Improvements
to Employee Share Based Payments Accounting.  The guidance alters the manner in which companies account for share based payments
to employees. Entities are required to immediately recognize income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards
vest or are settled. Additional paid-in capital pools are eliminated. The Company early adopted ASU 2016-09 during the three months
ended September 30, 2016. As a result of the adoption, the Company recognized a $418,000 tax benefit in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, which added $0.01 to diluted and basic earnings per
share for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. In addition, the Company presented excess tax benefits as
an operating activity in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows using a retrospective transition method. The Company also made
an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures utilizing estimates for expected forfeiture rates. This policy election
did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Adoption of all other changes did not
have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE B   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS, Not adopted as of September 30, 2016 

The FASB issued ASU 2014-09. The ASU is
a converged standard between the FASB and the IASB that provides a single comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts
with customers across transactions and industries. The primary objective of the ASU is revenue recognition that represents the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU is effective on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted January
1, 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adoption of ASU 2014-09. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
for  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities . The ASU addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The update requires: a) equity investments (except those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value and recognized in net income, b) simplifies impairment
assessments of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment,
and if impaired requires measurement of the investment at fair value, c) eliminates the requirement to disclose the methods and
significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value d) requires entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair
value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, e) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income
the portion of the total change in fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when
the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments,
f) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset
(that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements, g) clarifies
that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities
in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption
of ASU 2016-01 is being evaluated for its impact on the Company s operating results and financial condition. 

In February 2016, the FASB amended existing
guidance related to the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosures on key information
about leasing arrangements, under ASU 2016-02. It will be necessary for all parties to classify leases to determine how to recognize
lease-related revenue and expense. The amendment requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheet and record expenses
to the income statement. Changes in the guidance eliminate real estate centric provisions for sale-leaseback transactions, including
initial direct costs and lease execution costs for all entities. For lessors, the new FASB standard modifies classification criteria
and accounting for sales type and direct financing leases. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance
on the consolidated financial statements. The amended accounting is applicable to periods after December 15, 2018 and interim periods
within that year. 

In March 2016, under ASU 2016-04,  Liabilities
  Extinguishments of Liabilities, Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products  the FASB intends for entities
to recognize liabilities for the sale of prepaid stored value products redeemable for goods, services, or cash. This guidance aligns
recognition of breakage for these liabilities in a way consistent with how gift card breakage will be recognized. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements. Effective date for implementation
is for annual periods after December 15, 2018. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
for  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology with
a current expected credit loss methodology for financial instruments measured at amortized cost and other commitments to extend
credit. Expected credit losses reflect losses over the remaining contractual life of an asset, considering the effect of voluntary
prepayments and considering available information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events,
current conditions, and supportable forecasts. The resultant allowance for credit losses reflects the portion of the amortized
cost basis that the entity does not expect to collect. Additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures are required upon adoption.
The Company is evaluating the impact of the ASU. Adoption is required January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted January 1,
2019. 

In August 2016, The FASB issued final guidance
via ASU 2016-15 for  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 
The guidance may change how an entity classifies certain cash receipts and cash payments on its statement of cash flows, the purpose
being to reduce diversity in practice. This ASU addresses the classification of cash flows for (a) debt prepayment or extinguishment
costs, (b) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon rates that are insignificant in relation
to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, (c) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (d) proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims, (e) proceeds from the settlement of corporate owned life insurance, including bank owned
life insurance, (f) distributions received from equity method investees, and (g) beneficial interests in securitization transactions.
The guidance clarifies how the predominance principle should be applied. Entities should apply guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 230. If not addressed, an entity should separately identify source or use and classify the receipt or payment
based on the nature of the cash flow. Classification will depend on the predominant source of use. The Company is evaluating the
impact of ASU 2016-15 which will generally be applied retrospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. 

NOTE C   BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS
PER COMMON SHARE 

For each of the periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, options to purchase 189,000 shares and 282,000 shares, respectively, were antidilutive and accordingly were
excluded in determining diluted earnings per share. 

NOTE D   SECURITIES 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities
available for sale and held for investment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows: 

Proceeds from sales of securities during
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 were $39.4 million, with gross gains of $448,000 and gross losses of $87,000. Proceeds
from sales of securities during the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 were $60.3 million, with gross gains of $632,000
and gross losses of $472,000. 

In 2014, approximately $158.8 million of
investment securities available for sale were transferred into held for investment. The unrealized holding losses at the date of
transfer totaled $3.1 million. For the securities transferred into the held for investment category from available for sale, unrealized
holding losses at the date of the transfer will continue to be reported in other comprehensive income, and will be amortized over
the remaining life of these securities as an adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of a discount. The
amortization of unrealized holding losses reported in equity will offset the effect on interest income of the amortization of the
discount. At September 30, 2016, the remaining unrealized holding losses totaled $1.9 million. 

Securities at September 30, 2016 with a
carrying and fair value of $161.0 were pledged as collateral for United States Treasury deposits, other public deposits and trust
deposits. Securities with both a carrying value and fair value of $167.7 million were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements. 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities
at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because
prepayments of the underlying collateral for these securities may occur, due to the right to call or repay obligations with or
without call or prepayment penalties. 

The estimated fair value of a security
is determined based on market quotations when available or, if not available, by using quoted market prices for similar securities,
pricing models or discounted cash flows analyses, using observable market data where available. The tables below indicate the amount
of securities with unrealized losses and period of time for which these losses were outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. 

The tables above include securities held
for investment that were transferred from available for sale into held for investment during 2014. Those securities had unrealized
losses of $3.1 million at the date of transfer. None of these securities had a fair value with an unrealized loss for less than
twelve months at September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of those securities in an unrealized loss position for
less than twelve months was $38.9 million, and the unrealized losses on those securities in an unrealized loss position for less
than twelve months was $0.4 million. None of these securities were in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, private label securities
with a fair value of $79.5 million secured by collateral originated in 2005 and prior were in an unrealized loss position. Their
unrealized loss position of approximately $1.7 million is attributable to a combination of factors, including relative changes
in interest rates since the time of purchase. The collateral underlying these mortgage investments are 30- and 15-year fixed and
10/1 adjustable rate mortgage loans with low loan to values, subordination and all historically have had minimal foreclosures.
Based on its assessment of these factors, management believes that the unrealized losses on these debt security holdings are a
function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes in credit quality. Management expects to
recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
also had $1.5 million of unrealized losses on collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage backed securities of government
sponsored entities having a fair value of $180.5 million that were attributable to a combination of factors, including relative
changes in interest rates since the time of purchase. The contractual cash flows for these securities are guaranteed by U.S. government
agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. Based on our assessment of these factors, management believes that the unrealized
losses on these debt security holdings are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest movements and not changes in
credit quality. Management expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
also had $1.1 million of unrealized losses on collateralized loan obligations having a fair value of $51.5 million that were attributable
to a combination of factors, including relative changes in interest rates, spreads and interest movements since the time of purchase.
Based on our assessment of these factors, management believes that the unrealized losses on these debt security holdings are a
function of changes in investment spreads and interest movements and not changes in credit quality. Management expects to recover
the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 

At September 30, 2016, $28.7 million of
remaining securities categories had unrealized losses of $0.3 million. Management believes that unrealized losses on these debt
security holdings are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest movements and not change in credit quality. 

As of September 30, 2016, management
does not intend to sell securities that are in unrealized loss positions and it is not more likely than not that the Company will
be required to sell these securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Therefore, management does not consider any investment
to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

Included in other assets is $30.9 million
of Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock stated at par value. At September 30, 2016, the Company has not identified
events or changes in circumstances which may have a significant adverse effect on the carrying value of the $30.9 million of cost
method investment securities. 

The Company also holds 11,330 shares of
Visa Class B stock, which following resolution of Visa litigation will be converted to Visa Class A shares (the conversion rate
was 1.6483 shares of Class A stock for each share of Class B stock) for a total of 18,675 shares of Visa Class A stock with a value
of $1.5 million. Our ownership is related to prior ownership in Visa s network, while Visa operated as a cooperative. This
ownership is recorded on our financial records at a zero basis. 

NOTE E   LOANS 

Information relating to portfolio loans,
purchased credit impaired ( PCI ) loans, and purchased unimpaired loans ( PUL ) is summarized as follows: 

(1)  Net loan balances as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include deferred fee/costs (net) and fair value adjustments on acquired loans, aggregating to $12.4
million and $7.7 million for each period, respectively.  

Purchased Loans   - PCI loans
are accounted for pursuant to ASC Topic 310-30. The excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the estimated fair value
is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loan in situations where
there is a reasonable expectation about the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected. The difference between the
contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected, considering the impact of prepayments, is referred
to as the nonaccretable difference. 

We have applied ASC Topic 310-20 accounting
treatment to PULs. The unamortized fair value mark established at acquisition on the loans has been ascribed as an accretable yield
that is accreted into interest income over the estimated remaining life of the loans. 

The table below summarize the changes in
total contractually required principal and interest cash payments, management s estimate of expected total cash payments
and carrying value of PCI loans during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Contractually required
principal and interest payments have been adjusted for estimated prepayments. 

The following tables present the contractual
delinquency of the recorded investment in past due loans by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company utilizes an internal asset
classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem loans.  Under the Company s risk rating
system, the Company classifies problem and potential problem loans as  Special Mention,   Substandard, 
and  Doubtful  and these loans are monitored on an ongoing basis.  Substandard loans include those characterized
by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Loans classified
as Doubtful, have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses
present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable
and improbable.  The principal balance of loans classified as doubtful are generally charged off. Loans that do not currently
expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but possess weaknesses
that deserve management s close attention are deemed to be Special Mention. Risk ratings are updated any time the situation
warrants. 

Loans not meeting the criteria above are
considered to be pass-rated loans and risk grades are recalculated at least annually by the loan relationship manager.  The
following tables present the risk category of loans by class of loans based on the most recent analysis performed as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

NOTE F   IMPAIRED LOANS AND ALLOWANCE
FOR LOAN LOSSES 

During the nine months ending September
30, 2016 and 2015, the total of newly identified Troubled Debt Restructurings ( TDRs ) totaled $1.7 million and $2.0
million, respectively. 

The Company s TDR concessions granted
generally do not include forgiveness of principal balances. Loan modifications are not reported in calendar years after modification
if the loans were modified at an interest rate equal to the yields of new loan originations with comparable risk and the loans
are performing based on the terms of the restructuring agreements. When a loan is modified as a TDR, there is not a direct, material
impact on the loans within the consolidated balance sheet, as principal balances are generally not forgiven. Most loans prior to
modification were classified as an impaired loan and the allowance for loan losses is determined in accordance with Company policy. 

The following table presents loans that
were modified within the nine months ending September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents loans that
were modified within the nine months ending September 30, 2015: 

No accruing loans that were restructured
within the twelve months preceding September 30, 2016 defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and
no loans restructured within the twelve months preceding September 30, 2015 defaulted during the twelve months ended September
30, 2015. The Company considers a loan to have defaulted when it becomes 90 days or more delinquent under the modified terms, has
been transferred to nonaccrual status, or has been transferred to other real estate owned. A defaulted TDR is generally placed
on nonaccrual and specific allowance for loan loss is assigned in accordance with the Company s policy. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company s recorded investment in impaired loans and the related valuation allowance were as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company s average recorded investments in impaired loans and related interest income were as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company s average recorded investments in impaired loans and related interest income were as follows: 

Impaired loans also include loans that
have been modified in troubled debt restructurings where concessions to borrowers who experienced financial difficulties have been
granted. At September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015, accruing TDRs totaled $19.3 million and $20.0 million, respectively. 

The impaired loans are measured for impairment
based on the value of underlying collateral or the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
rate. The valuation allowance is included in the allowance for loan losses. 

Interest payments received on impaired
loans are recorded as interest income unless collection of the remaining recorded investment is doubtful at which time payments
received are recorded as reductions to principal. 

Nonaccrual loans and accruing loans past
due 90 days or more (excluding purchased loans) totaled $10.6 million and $0, respectively, at September 30, 2016, and $12.8 million
and $0 at December 31, 2015, respectively. Purchased nonaccrual and accruing loans past due 90 days or more were $7.9 million and
$0 at September 30, 2016, and $4.6 million and $0 at December 31, 2015. 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses
(excluding PCI loans) for the three-month period ended and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses
(excluding PCI loans) for the three-month period and nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 is summarized as follows: 

The allowance for loan losses is composed
of specific allowances for certain impaired loans and general allowances grouped into loan pools based on similar characteristics.
The Company s loan portfolio (excluding PCI loans) and related allowance at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
is shown in the following tables: 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment
at December 31, 2015 included loans acquired from BANKshares on October 1, 2014 and Grand Bankshares on July 17, 2015 that are
not PCI loans, and loans at September 30, 2016 included loans acquired from Floridian and BMO Harris as well that are not PCI loans.
These loans are performing loans recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date. The fair value adjustment represents
the total fair value discount of each PUL, is accreted into interest income over the remaining lives of the related loans on a
level yield basis, and remained adequate at September 30, 2016. 

The table below summarizes PCI loans that
were individually evaluated for impairment based on expected cash flows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

NOTE G   SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS
TO REPURCHASE 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted
for as secured borrowings. For securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company would be obligated to provide additional
collateral in the event of a significant decline in fair value of collateral pledged. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
Company securities pledged were as follows by collateral type and maturity: 

NOTE H   NONINTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE 

Details of noninterest income and expense follow: 

NOTE I   EQUITY CAPITAL 

The Company is well capitalized and at
September 30, 2016, the Company and the Company s principal banking subsidiary, Seacoast National Bank, or  Seacoast
Bank , met the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (CET1) regulatory threshold of 6.5% for well-capitalized institutions under
the Basel III standardized transition approach, as well as risk-based and leverage ratio requirements for well capitalized banks
under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. 

NOTE J   CONTINGENCIES 

The Company and its subsidiaries, because
of the nature of their businesses, are at all times subject to numerous legal actions, threatened or filed. Management presently
believes that none of the legal proceedings to which it is a party are likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Company s
consolidated financial condition, operating results or cash flows, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate
outcome of any such claim or litigation. 

NOTE K   FAIR VALUE 

Under ASC 820, fair value measurements
for items measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 included: 

___________________________ 

(1)   See Note D for further detail of fair value of individual
investment categories.  

(2)   Recurring fair value basis determined using observable
market data.  

(3)   See Note F. Nonrecurring fair value adjustments to loans identified as impaired reflect full
or partial write-downs that are based on the loan s observable market price or current appraised value of the collateral
in accordance with ASC 310.    

(4)   Fair value is measured on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with ASC 360 .   

The fair value of impaired real estate
loans which are collateral dependent is based on recent real estate appraisals less estimated costs of sale. For residential real
estate impaired loans, appraised values or internal evaluation are based on the comparative sales approach. These impaired loans
are considered level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. For commercial and commercial real estate impaired loans, evaluations may use
either a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches, such as comparative sales, cost and/or income approach. A significant
unobservable input in the income approach is the estimated capitalization rate for a given piece of collateral. At September 30,
2016 the range of capitalization rates utilized to determine fair value of the underlying collateral averaged approximately 7.9%.
Adjustments to comparable sales may be made by an appraiser to reflect local market conditions or other economic factors and may
result in changes in the fair value of an asset over time. As such, the fair value of these impaired loans is considered level
3 in the fair value hierarchy. Impaired loans measured at fair value total $4.7 million with a specific reserve of $2.5 million
at September 30, 2016, compared to $7.5 million with a specific reserve of $2.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

Fair value of available for sale securities
are determined using valuation techniques for individual investments as described in Note D. 

When appraisals are used to determine fair
value and the appraisals are based on a market approach, the fair value of other real estate owned ( OREO ) is classified
as a level 2 input. When the fair value of OREO is based on appraisals which require significant adjustments to market-based valuation
inputs or apply an income approach based on unobservable cash flows, the fair value of OREO is classified as Level 3. 

Transfers between levels of the fair value
hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with
the Company s monthly and/or quarter-end valuation process. 

During the first nine months ended September
30, 2016, there were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 assets carried at fair value. 

For loans classified as level 3 the transfers
in totaled $0.3 million for the first nine months of 2016, consisting of loans that became impaired during 2016. Transfers out
consisted of charge-offs of $0.1 million, and loan foreclosures migrating to OREO and other reductions (including principal payments)
totaling $0.7 million. 

Charge-offs recognized upon loan foreclosures
are generally offset by general or specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses and generally do not, and did not during
the reported periods, significantly impact the Company s provision for loan losses. 

For OREO classified as level 3 during the
first nine months of 2016, foreclosed loans transferred in totaled $2.9 million and migrated bank branches taken out of service
totaled $7.7 million. Transfers out summed to $4.9 million, consisting entirely of sales. 

The carrying amount and fair value of the
Company s other significant financial instruments that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the balance
sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

(1)  See Note D for further detail of fair value of individual investment categories.  

 (2)  Redemption in April 2016 and no longer outstanding  

The short maturity of Seacoast s
assets and liabilities results in having a significant number of financial instruments whose fair value equals or closely approximates
carrying value. Such financial instruments are reported in the following balance sheet captions: cash and cash equivalents, interest
bearing deposits with other banks, federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase, maturing within 30
days. 

The following methods and assumptions were
used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate that value at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Securities :
U.S. Treasury securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. Other securities are reported at fair value
utilizing Level 2 inputs. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads,
cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit
information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. 

The Company reviews the prices supplied
by the independent pricing service, as well as their underlying pricing methodologies, for reasonableness and to ensure such prices
are aligned with traditional pricing matrices. In general, the Company does not purchase investment portfolio securities that are
esoteric or that have a complicated structure. The Company s portfolio consists of traditional investments, nearly all of
which are U.S. Treasury obligations, federal agency bullet or mortgage pass-through securities, or general obligation or revenue
based municipal bonds. Pricing for such instruments is fairly generic and is easily obtained. The fair value of collateralized
loan obligations are determined from broker quotes. From time to time, the Company will validate, on a sample basis, prices supplied
by the independent pricing service by comparison to prices obtained from other brokers and third-party sources or derived using
internal models. 

Loans : Fair
values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type such as commercial,
mortgage, etc. Each loan category is further segmented into fixed and adjustable rate interest terms and by performing and nonperforming
categories. The fair value of loans, except residential mortgages, is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through the
estimated maturity using estimated market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest rate risks inherent in the loan.
For residential mortgage loans, fair value is estimated by discounting contractual cash flows adjusting for prepayment assumptions
using discount rates based on secondary market sources. The estimated fair value is not an exit price fair value under ASC 820
when this valuation technique is used. 

Loans held for
sale : Fair values are based upon estimated values to be received from independent third party purchasers. These loans are intended
for sale and the Company believes that the fair value is the best indicator of the resolution of these loans. Interest income is
recorded based on the contractual terms of the loan and in accordance with Company s policy on loans held for investment.
None of the loans are 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the aggregate fair value, contractual balance (including accrued interest) and gains or losses was as follows: 

Deposit Liabilities :
The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts and money market deposits is the amount payable at the reporting date. The
fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for funding of similar remaining
maturities. 

Borrowings :
The fair value of floating rate borrowings is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed rate
borrowings is estimated using the rates currently offered for borrowings of similar remaining maturities. 

Subordinated debt :
The fair value of the floating rate subordinated debt was based on independent third party analysis, that included discounted cash
flow analysis, assessments of the Company s current incremental borrowing rate for similar instruments, and market quotes
for similar debt. 

NOTE L   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

Acquisition of Grand Bankshares,
Inc.   

On July 17, 2015, the Company completed
its acquisition of Grand Bankshares, Inc. ( Grand ) whereby Grand was merged with and into the Company. Grand s
subsidiary bank, Grand Bank   Trust of Florida ( GB ) was simultaneously merged with and into Seacoast National
Bank. The Company acquired 100% of the outstanding common and preferred stock of Grand. The total purchase price was $18.7 million. 

With the acquisition, the Company further
solidified its market share in the attractive Palm Beach market, expanding its customer base and leveraging operating costs through
economies of scale, enhancing its fee income and positively affecting its net interest income operating results. The acquisition
contributed $188.4 million in total deposits and $111.3 million in total loans to our balance sheet. 

The acquisition of Grand constitutes a
business combination and was accounted for under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are presented at their fair values. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates about discount
rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to
change, and in some instances rely on use of third party experts. These fair value estimates are final and are no longer subject
to change as the one year period post-closing of the acquisition date when measurement period adjustments were allowed has expired. 

No goodwill was recognized for this whole
bank acquisition that resulted in a bargain purchase gain of $416,000 recorded to income in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to a
measurement period adjustment. In addition, a $2.6 million core deposit intangible ( CDI ) was recorded. 

Acquisition of Floridian Financial
Group, Inc.   

On March 11, 2016, the Company completed
its acquisition of Floridian Financial Group, Inc. ( Floridian ), the parent company of Floridian Bank. Simultaneously,
upon completion of the merger, Floridian s wholly owned subsidiary bank, Floridian Bank, was merged with and into Seacoast
National Bank. Floridian, headquartered in Lake Mary, Florida, operated 10 branches in Orlando and Daytona Beach, of which several
will consolidate with Seacoast locations. This acquisition added approximately $417 million in total assets, $337 million in deposits,
and $267 million in loans to Seacoast. As a result of this acquisition the Company expects to further solidify its market share
in the Central Florida market, expand its customer base and leverage operating cost through economies of scale, and positively
affect the Company s operating results to the extent the Company earns more from interest earning assets than it pays in
interest on its interest bearing liabilities. 

The Company acquired 100% of the outstanding common stock of Floridian. Under the terms of the definitive agreement, Floridian
shareholders received, at their election, (i) the combination of $4.29 in cash and 0.5291 shares of Seacoast common stock, (ii)
$12.25 in cash, or (iii) 0.8140 shares of Seacoast common stock, subject to a customary proration mechanism so that the aggregate
consideration mix equals 35% cash and 65% Seacoast shares (based on Seacoast s closing price of $15.47 per share on March
11, 2016). 

This transaction closed on March 11, 2016. 

The fair values listed are preliminary
and are subject to adjustment. The acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805,
 Business Combinations . The fair values initially assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary and
could change for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as new information and circumstances relative to closing
date fair values are known. Determining fair values of assets and liabilities, especially the loan portfolio and foreclosed real
estate, is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair
values. 

The table below presents information with
respect to the fair value of acquired loans, as well as their unpaid principal balance ( Book Balance ) at acquisition
date. 

For the loans acquired we first segregated
all acquired loans with specifically identified credit deficiency factor(s). The factors we considered to identify loans as Purchase
Credit Impaired ( PCI ) loans were all acquired loans that were nonaccrual, 60 days or more past due, designated as
Trouble Debt Restructured ( TDR ), graded  special mention  or  substandard.  These loans were
then evaluated to determine estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. As required by generally accepted accounting principles,
we are accounting for these loans pursuant to ASC Topic 310-30. The table below summarizes the total contractually required principal
and interest cash payments, management s estimate of expected total cash payments and fair value of the loans as of March
11, 2016 for purchased credit impaired loans. Contractually required principal and interest payments have been adjusted for estimated
prepayments. 

Second, loans without specifically identified
credit deficiency factors are referred to as Purchased Unimpaired Loans ( PULs ) for disclosure purposes. These loans
were then evaluated to determine estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Although no specific credit deficiencies were
identifiable, we believe there is an element of risk as to whether all contractual cash flows will be eventually received. Factors
that were considered included the economic environment both nationally and locally as well as the real estate market particularly
in Florida. We have applied ASC Topic 310-20 accounting treatment to the PULs. 

The Company believes the deposits assumed
from the acquisition have an intangible value. The Company applied ASC Topic 805, which prescribes the accounting for goodwill
and other intangible assets such as core deposit intangibles, in a business combination. In determining the valuation amount, a
third party analyzed the deposits based on factors such as type of deposit, deposit retention, interest rates and age of deposit
relationships. 

The Company recognized goodwill of $32
million for this acquisition that is nondeductible for tax purposes. The acquisition of Floridian constitutes a business combination.
Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented at their fair values. The determination of fair value requires
management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are
highly subjective in nature and subject to change, and in some instances rely on use of third party experts. These fair value estimates
are considered preliminary and are subject to change for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional
information becomes available. For Floridian, fair values as presented for securities, loans, fixed assets, and certain other assets
and liabilities are necessarily considered preliminary. 

The operating results of the Company for
the three months and nine months ended September 30 2016 include the operating results of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities
since the date of acquisition of March 11, 2016. Results for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 includes Floridian
for the full quarter. Pro-forma data for the three months ended 2015 and nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 listed
in the table below present pro-forma information as if the acquisition occurred at the beginning of 2015. 

Acquisition of BMO Harris Central
Florida Offices, Deposits and Loans   

On June 3, 2016, Seacoast National assumed
approximately $314 million in deposits related to business and consumer banking customers at a deposit premium of 3.0% of the deposit
balances, $63 million in business loans at a loan premium of 0.5%, and fourteen branches of BMO Harris Bank N.A. ( BMO ),
located in the Orlando Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ). As a result of this acquisition the Company expects to
further improve its market share in the Central Florida market, expand its customer base and leverage operating cost through economies
of scale, and positively affect the Company s operating results to the extent the Company earns more from interest earning
assets than it pays in interest on its interest bearing liabilities. 

The fair values listed are preliminary
and are subject to adjustment. The acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805,
 Business Combinations . The fair values initially assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary and
could change for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as new information and circumstances relative to closing
date fair values are known. Determining fair values of assets and liabilities, especially the loan portfolio and bank premises
and leases related to the fourteen branches acquired, is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods
and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair values. 

The table below presents information with
respect to the fair value of acquired loans, as well as their unpaid principal balance ( Book Balance ) at acquisition
date. 

At June 3, 2016, no loans acquired from
BMO Harris were specifically identified with a credit deficiency factor(s). The factors we consider to identify loans as PCI loans
are acquired loans that were nonaccrual, 60 days or more past due, designated as TDR, graded  special mention  or  substandard. 
PULs were evaluated to determine estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Although no specific credit deficiencies were
identifiable, we believe there is an element of risk as to whether all contractual cash flows will be eventually received. Factors
that were considered included the economic environment both nationally and locally as well as the real estate market particularly
in Florida. We have applied ASC Topic 310-20 accounting treatment to the PULs. 

The Company believes the deposits assumed
from the acquisition have an intangible value. The Company applied ASC Topic 805, which prescribes the accounting for goodwill
and other intangible assets such as core deposit intangibles, in a business combination. In determining the valuation amount, a
third party analyzed the deposits based on factors such as type of deposit, deposit retention, interest rates and age of deposit
relationships. 

The Company recognized intangibles (including
goodwill) of $13 million for this acquisition that is deductible for tax purposes over a 15-year period. The acquisition of BMO
Harris s Orlando banking operations by Seacoast National constitutes a business combination. Accordingly, the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed are presented at their fair values. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates
about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature
and subject to change, and in some instances rely on use of third party experts. These fair value estimates are considered preliminary
and are subject to change for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information becomes available.
With the closing of the BMO Harris transaction near the end of the second quarter 2016 reporting period, fair values as presented
for loans, fixed assets, deposits, and certain other assets and liabilities are necessarily considered preliminary. 

NOTE M   SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

On November 4, 2016, the Company entered
into a definitive agreement to acquire GulfShore Bancshares, Inc. ( GulfShore ), the parent company of GulfShore Bank
(the  Gulfshore Bank ). Seacoast expects that GulfShore Bank will be merged with and into Seacoast National Bank.
The acquisition of GulfShore Bank, a full-service community bank serving the Tampa area since 2007, will add approximately $332
million in assets, $279 million in deposits and $253 million in loans. GulfShore Bank, which operates three branches   two
in Tampa and one in St. Petersburg   has 55% of total deposits in transaction accounts. 

Under the terms of the definitive agreement,
GulfShore common shareholders will receive a combination of 0.4807 shares of Seacoast common stock and $1.47 in cash for each share
they own, representing a consideration mix of 85% Seacoast common shares and 15% cash (based on Seacoast s ten-day average
closing price of $17.33 per share as of November 2, 2016). This values GulfShore s shares at $9.80 per share, for a total
transaction value of approximately $54.8 million. 

Directors of both Seacoast and GulfShore
approved the acquisition. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, subject to approval by GulfShore s
shareholders, receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The purpose of this discussion and analysis
is to aid in understanding significant changes in the financial condition of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and its subsidiaries
(the  Company ) and their results of operations. Nearly all of the Company s operations are contained in its
banking subsidiary, Seacoast Bank ( Seacoast Bank  or the  Bank ). Such discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this
report. For purposes of the following discussion, the words the  Company,   we,   us,  and
 our  refer to the combined entities of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and its direct and indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries.  

THIRD QUARTER 2016  

Strategic Overview   

Results demonstrate the impact of
our digital transformation strategy, successful integration of acquisitions, and disciplined loan growth. Seacoast continues
to execute on its plan to grow our core business organically, innovating to build our franchise and improve efficiency,
and grow through mergers and acquisitions. We believe that these investments better position us to increase net income
and build value for shareholders. Evidence of the success of our strategy includes: 

improved earnings through
cost reductions including branch consolidations, a substantial portion of cost savings coming from the integration of
BMO Harris offices during the third quarter of 2016 and Floridian during the second quarter of 2016; 

growth in
revenue, excluding securities gains. The third quarter of 2016 revenues grew 27% compared to prior year levels driven by
organic growth and acquisition activity, while adjusted noninterest expense (1) grew 18%, providing 9% operating
leverage; 

continued implementation
of our digital strategy, which is enabling us to add new households, both organically and in our recently acquired banks; driving
cross sells of services and transforming our business model and reducing overhead. During the third quarter of 2016, after adding
14 BMO Harris locations to our six Floridian locations and eight existing branches, and based on data analytics, we successfully
grew revenues while we have reshaped our branch network; ten full-service offices were taken out of service during the third quarter
of 2016; 

ongoing customer satisfaction,
reflected by continued success in deepening relationships with existing customers; the number of consumer loans and deposit accounts
sold to existing customers increased at an annualized rate of 77% and 54 %, respectively, from prior year levels; check deposits
made outside the branch grew to 35% in the third quarter of 2016, up from 27% in the same period a year ago. 

Our success in Orlando and Palm Beach counties,
where we acquired BankFirst on October 1, 2014 and Grand on July 17, 2015, continues with household growth remaining strong and
cross sell statistics outpacing growth in Seacoast legacy markets. Seacoast has welcomed new customers from Floridian and BMO Harris 
Orlando banking operations. With the BMO Harris acquisition in early June, we further solidified Seacoast s status in Orlando
propelling Seacoast to a top-10 position in this market. 

Seacoast reported net income of $9.1 million
during the third quarter of 2016, a $4.7 million or 106% increase from the third quarter of 2015, and an increase of $3.8 million
or 71% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Third quarter return on average assets (ROA) increased 31 basis points linked quarter
to 0.82%, return on average equity increased 329 basis points to 8.44% from the second quarter of 2016. Third quarter 2016 results
include $2.6 million in costs related to consolidation of branches acquired through the BMO Harris acquisition and other nonrecurring
items. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) were $0.24, up 71% from $0.14 in the second quarter of 2016, and up 85% from $0.13 in the
third quarter of 2015. Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $18.4 million compared to $16.1 million for the first nine
months of 2015. Diluted EPS was $0.49 compared to $0.48 in the same period of 2015. 

Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure
(see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ),
totaled $10.6 million, a $4.4 million or 70% increase year over year and an increase of $1.8 million, or 21% (not annualized) from
the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted EPS, a non-GAAP measure (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP
Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ), was $0.28 for the third quarter of 2016, a $0.05 or 22%
increase from the second quarter of 2016 and a gain of $0.10 or 56% from the third quarter a year ago. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP
measure (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ),
for the first nine months of 2016 increased $7.8 million to $26.1 million and adjusted diluted EPS, a non-GAAP measure (see page
45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   under  Results of Operations ),
grew 27% to $0.70, compared on the same basis to a year ago. 

Seacoast management affirms its goal of
an adjusted diluted EPS target (a non-GAAP measure---see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial
Measures   in  Results of Operations ) of $1.00 for 2016. 

Financial Condition  

Total assets increased $1.136 billion or
33.6% from September 30, 2015 to $4.514 billion at September 30, 2016. The acquisitions of Grand and Floridian, and acquired loans
(and branches) from BMO Harris s Orlando operation, along with organic growth, drove this balance sheet success. 

Loan Portfolio    

Total loans (net of unearned income
and excluding the allowance for loan losses) were $2.769 billion at September 30, 2016, $669.9 million or 31.9% more than at
September 30, 2015, and $613.0 million or 28.4% more than at December 31, 2015. The Floridian acquisition on March 11, 2016,
and loans acquired from BMO Harris on June 3, 2016, contributed $276 million and $64 million in loans, respectively. Growth
of $27 million was from purchases (net of sales of seasoned portfolio loans) for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
and  included marine and residential mortgage loans; these loans have been included in portfolio loans. 

The following tables detail loan portfolio
composition at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015: 

Commercial real estate mortgages increased
by $302.3 million or 30.5% to $1,293.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to September 30, 2015, a result of strong loan production
and loans acquired in the mergers. Granularity and diversification of commercial real estate lending is a focus, with office buildings
of $323.9 million or 25.0% of commercial real estate mortgages, comprising the largest concentration with a substantial portion
owner-occupied. Portfolio composition also includes lending for retail trade, industrial, healthcare, lodging, churches and educational
facilities, multifamily, restaurants, recreation, convenience stores, marinas, mobile home parks, agriculture, and other types
of real estate. 

The Company s ten largest commercial
real estate funded and unfunded loan relationships at September 30, 2016 aggregated to $137.7 million in commitments (versus
$118.6 million a year ago) and for the 64 commercial real estate relationships in excess of $5 million the aggregate commitments
totaled $543.5 million, of which $467.5 million was funded. 

Fixed rate and adjustable rate loans secured
by commercial real estate, excluding construction loans, totaled approximately $974 million and $320 million, respectively, at
September 30, 2016, compared to $712 million and $279 million, respectively, a year ago .  

Reflecting the impact of organic loan growth
and the Floridian and BMO Harris loan acquisitions, commercial loans outstanding at September 30, 2016 increased to $342.5 million,
up substantially from $210.3 million a year ago. Commercial lending activities are directed principally towards businesses whose
demand for funds are within the Company s lending limits, such as small- to medium-sized professional firms, retail and wholesale
outlets, and light industrial and manufacturing concerns. Such businesses are smaller and subject to the risks of lending to small
to medium sized businesses, including, but not limited to, the effects of a downturn in the local economy, possible business failure,
and insufficient cash flows. 

Residential mortgage loans increased $109.6
million or 15.2% to $833.4 million as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, approximately $447 million or 54% of the
Company s residential mortgage balances were adjustable 1-4 family mortgage loans (including hybrid adjustable rate mortgages).
Fixed rate 15- and 30-year mortgages totaled approximately $152 million (18% of the residential mortgage portfolio) at September
30, 2016, of which 15- and 30-year mortgages totaled approximately $25 million and $127 million, respectively. Remaining residential
balances were comprised of home improvement loans totaling $81 million, most with fixed rates with maturities of 10 years or less,
and home equity lines of credit, primarily floating rates totaling approximately $154 million at September 30, 2016. In comparison,
loans secured by residential properties having fixed rates totaled approximately $111 million at September 30, 2015, with 15- and
30-year fixed rate residential mortgages totaling approximately $26 million and $85 million, respectively, and home improvement
mortgages and equity lines of credit totaled $70 million and $107 million, respectively, a year ago. 

The Company also provides consumer loans
(including installment loans, loans for automobiles, boats, and other personal, family and household purposes) which increased
$67.0 million or 85.4% year over year and totaled $145.5 million (compared to $78.5 million a year ago). Of the $67.0 million increase,
$35.5 million was in marine loans, $4.4 million in automobile and truck loans, and $27.1 million in other consumer loans. Marine
loans at September 30, 2016 include $16.3 million in purchased loan pools acquired during the third quarter of 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had unfunded loan commitments of $524 million, compared to $335 million at September 30, 2015. 

Loan Concentrations   

The Company has developed guardrails to
manage exposure to loan types that are most impacted by stressed market conditions in order to achieve lower levels of credit loss
volatility in the future. While commercial and commercial real estate loan relationships greater than $10 million increased by
$38.3 million to $200.0 million, they represent 7.2% of the total loan portfolio at September 30, 2016, compared with $161.7
million or 13.0% of the total portfolio at year-end 2010. 

Concentrations in total construction and
land development loans and total CRE loans are also managed to prudent levels. Construction and land development and commercial
real estate loan concentrations as a percentage of total risk based capital for our subsidiary bank (as defined in regulatory guidance
regarding construction (and land development) and CRE concentrations are stable at 39% and 209%, respectively, as of September
30, 2016. Regulatory guidance suggests limits of 100% and 300%, respectively. 

The Company defines commercial real estate
in accordance with the guidance on  Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending  (the  Guidance )
issued by the federal bank regulatory agencies in 2006, which defines commercial real estate ( CRE ) loans as exposures
secured by land development and construction, including 1-4 family residential construction, multi-family property, and non-farm
nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the
property (i.e. loans for which 50 percent or more of the source of repayment comes from third party, non-affiliated, rental income)
or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. Loans to real estate investment trusts, or  REITs ,
and unsecured loans to developers that closely correlate to the inherent risks in CRE markets would also be considered CRE loans
under the Guidance. Loans on owner occupied CRE are generally excluded. 

Nonperforming Loans, Troubled Debt Restructurings, Other
Real Estate Owned, and Credit Quality   

Nonperforming assets ( NPAs )
at September 30, 2016 totaled $31.2 million, and were comprised of $10.6 million of nonaccrual portfolio loans, $7.9 million of
nonaccrual purchased loans, $3.7 million of non-acquired other real estate owned ( OREO ), $1.4 million of acquired
OREO and $7.6 million of branches out of service. NPAs increased from $24.5 million as of September 30, 2015 (comprised of $14.5
million of nonaccrual portfolio loans, $2.6 million of nonaccrual purchased loans, $4.2 million of non-acquired OREO, and $3.2
million of acquired OREO). Nonperforming loans decreased as a percentage of total loans from 0.81% at September 30, 2015 to 0.66%
at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, more than 97% of nonaccrual loans were secured with real estate. At September 30,
2016, nonaccrual loans have been written down by approximately $3.7 million or 16.7% of the original loan balance (including specific
impairment reserves). During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, total OREO increased $5.3 million or 71.3%, reflecting
the ten branches that were taken out of service in the third quarter of 2016 that are actively being marketed. 

The Company pursues loan restructurings
in selected cases when it expects to realize better values than may be expected through traditional collection activities. The
Company has worked with retail mortgage customers, when possible, in an effort to avoid foreclosure. TDRs have been a part of the
Company s loss mitigation activities and can include rate reductions, payment extensions and principal deferrals. Company
policy requires TDRs that are classified as nonaccrual loans after restructuring remain on nonaccrual until performance can be
verified, which usually requires six months of performance under the restructured loan terms. We are optimistic that most of these
credits will rehabilitate and be upgraded versus migrating to nonperforming or OREO prospectively. Accruing restructured loans
totaled $19.3 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $20.5 million at September 30, 2015. Accruing TDRs are excluded
from our nonperforming asset ratios. The tables below set forth details related to nonaccrual and restructured loans. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, total TDRs
(performing and nonperforming) were comprised of the following loans by type of modification: 

During the first nine months of 2016, newly
identified TDRs totaled $1.7 million, compared to $2.6 million for all of 2015. Loan modifications are not reported in calendar
years after modification if the loans were modified at an interest rate equal to the yields of new loan originations with comparable
risk and the loans are performing based on the terms of the restructuring agreements. No accruing loans that were restructured
within the twelve months pre-ceding September 30, 2016 defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, or
for the first nine months of 2015. A restructured loan is considered in default when it becomes 90 days or more past due under
the modified terms, has been transferred to nonaccrual status, or has been transferred to OREO. 

At September 30, 2016, loans totaling $29.7
million were considered impaired (comprised of total nonaccrual, loans 90 days or more past due, and TDRs) and $2.0 million of
the allowance for loan losses was allocated for potential losses on these loans, compared to $34.7 million and $3.1 million, respectively,
at September 30, 2015. 

In accordance with regulatory reporting
requirements, loans are placed on nonaccrual following the Retail Classification of Loan interagency guidance.  Typically
loans 90 days or more past due are reviewed for impairment, and if deemed impaired, are placed on nonaccrual.  Once impaired,
the current fair market value of the collateral is assessed and a specific reserve and/or charge-off taken. Quarterly thereafter,
the loan carrying value is analyzed and any changes are appropriately made as described above. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Liquidity
Risk Management   

Cash and cash equivalents (including interest
bearing deposits), totaled $167.4 million on a consolidated basis at September 30, 2016, compared to $136.1 million at December
31, 2015 and $100.6 million at September 30, 2015. Interest bearing deposits are maintained in Seacoast Bank s account at
the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. Cash and cash equivalents vary with seasonal deposit movements and may vary with the level
of principal repayments and investment activity occurring in Seacoast Bank s securities and loan portfolios. 

Liquidity risk involves the risk of being
unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liability, as well as the risk of not being able to meet unexpected
cash needs. Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations cost effectively and to meet
current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments and unexpected deposit outflows. 

Funding sources primarily include customer-based
core deposits, collateral-backed borrowings, cash flows from operations, and asset sales (primarily secondary marketing for residential
real estate mortgages and marine financings). 

Cash flows from operations are a significant
component of liquidity risk management and we consider both deposit maturities and the scheduled cash flows from loan and investment
maturities and payments. Deposits are also a primary source of liquidity. The stability of this funding source is affected by numerous
factors, including returns available to customers on alternative investments, the quality of customer service levels, safety and
competitive forces. We routinely use securities and loans as collateral for secured borrowings. In the event of severe market disruptions,
we have access to secured borrowings through the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta under its borrower-in-custody. 

Contractual maturities for assets and liabilities
are reviewed to meet current and expected future liquidity requirements. Sources of liquidity, both anticipated and unanticipated,
are maintained through a portfolio of high quality marketable assets, such as residential mortgage loans, securities held for sale
and interest-bearing deposits. The Company is also able to provide short term financing of its activities by selling, under an
agreement to repurchase, United States Treasury and Government agency securities not pledged to secure public deposits or trust
funds. At September 30, 2016, Seacoast Bank had available unsecured lines of $50 million and lines of credit under current lendable
collateral value, which are subject to change, of $783 million. Seacoast Bank had $753 million of United States Treasury and Government
agency securities and mortgage backed securities not pledged and available for use under repurchase agreements, and had an additional
$375 million in residential and commercial real estate loans available as collateral. In comparison, at September 30, 2015, the
Company had available unsecured lines of $40 million and lines of credit of $868 million, and had $575 million of U.S. Treasury
and Government agency securities and mortgage backed securities not pledged and available for use under repurchase agreements,
as well as an additional $275 million in residential and commercial real estate loans available as collateral. 

The Company does not rely on and is not dependent on off-balance
sheet financing or significant amounts of wholesale funding. 

The Company has traditionally relied upon
dividends from Seacoast Bank and securities offerings to provide funds to pay the Company s expenses, to service the Company s
debt and to pay dividends upon Company common stock and preferred stock. At September 30, 2016, Seacoast Bank can distribute dividends
to the Company of approximately $50 million. At September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents at the parent
of approximately $14.2 million, compared to $43.7 million at December 31, 2015, with the decrease directly related to cash paid
in the Floridian acquisition (see  Note L   Business Combinations ). 

Securities   

Information related to maturities, carrying
values and fair value of the Company s securities is set forth in  Note D   Securities  of the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
no trading securities, $866.6 million in securities available for sale, with the remainder of $392.1 million in securities held
for investment. The Company's total securities portfolio increased $321.5 million or 34.3% from September 30, 2015. During the
third quarter of 2015, $46.4 million were added from Grand, and during the first quarter of 2016, securities totaling $66.9 million
were added from Floridian. Security purchases during second quarter 2016 of $258.3 million were primarily to utilize cash received
by Seacoast from BMO Harris, with an increase of $203.4 million in securities held for investment (almost a doubling from first
quarter of 2016). Security purchases during the third quarter of 2016 were more limited. These efforts were primary contributors
to the overall increase in the securities portfolio. Funding for investments is derived from liquidity, both legacy and that acquired
in mergers, and increases in funding from our core customer deposit base and FHLB borrowings. 

Securities are generally acquired which
return principal monthly that can be reinvested. The duration of the investment portfolio at September 30, 2016 was 3.8 years,
compared to 3.3 years at September 30, 2015 and 3.8 years at December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, available for
sale securities had gross unrealized losses of $3.6 million and gross unrealized gains of $11.8 million, compared to gross unrealized
losses of $10.8 million and gross unrealized gains of $3.0 million at December 31, 2015. All of the securities with unrealized
losses are reviewed for other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly. As a result of these reviews it was determined that
the unrealized losses are not other than temporarily impaired and the Company has the intent and ability to retain these securities
until recovery over the periods presented (see additional discussion under  Other Fair Value Measurements  and  Other
than Temporary Impairment of Securities  in  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates ). 

Company management considers the overall
quality of the securities portfolio to be high. The Company has no exposure to securities with subprime collateral. The Company
does not have an investment position in trust preferred securities. 

Deposits and Borrowings   

The Company s balance sheet continues
to be primarily core deposit funded. 

Total deposits increased $768.2 million
or 28.0% to $3.510 billion at September 30, 2016, compared to one year earlier. Core customer funding increased to $3.313 billion
at September 30, 2016, a $728.3 million or 28.2% increase from the third quarter of 2015. Excluding acquisitions, core customer
funding increased by $217.6 million or 8.4% from one year ago and total deposits increased $127.1 million or 4.6% from one year
ago. Total deposits grew $666.1 million or 23.4% from year-end 2015. Excluding acquired deposits from Floridian and BMO Harris,
total deposits increased $25.0 million or 0.9% (not annualized) from year-end 2015. Deposit growth since year-end 2015 was impacted
by seasonal decreases in public fund balances, which decreased by $83.9 million during first nine months of 2016. 

Since September 30, 2015, interest
bearing deposits (interest bearing demand, savings and money markets deposits) increased $410.5 million or 26.2% to $1.976 billion,
noninterest bearing demand deposits increased $298.7 million or 34.3% to $1.169 billion, and CDs increased $59.0 million or 19.2%
to $365.6 million. Excluding acquired deposits, noninterest demand deposits were $129.8 million or 15.2% higher (not annualized)
at September 30, 2016, versus December 31, 2015, and represent 33.3% of total deposits compared to 31.7% at September 30, 2015.
Deposit growth reflects our success in growing households both organically and through acquisitions. 

Customer repurchase agreements totaled
$167.7 million at September 30, 2016, increasing $19.1 million or 12.8% from September 30, 2015. The repurchase agreements are
offered by Seacoast to select customers who wish to sweep excess balances on a daily basis for investment purposes. Public funds
comprise a significant amount of the outstanding balance. 

At September 30, 2016, borrowings
were comprised of subordinated debt of $70.2 million related to trust preferred securities issued by trusts organized or acquired
by the Company, and borrowings from FHLB of $305.0 million. At September 30, 2016, FHLB borrowings outstanding were all maturing
within 30 days, and the rate for FHLB funds averaged 0.43% during the third quarter of 2016. Deposits are seasonally lower in the
summer and higher in the winter, with anticipated increases in deposits in fourth quarter 2016 expected to reduce funding from
FHLB borrowings. 

In April of 2016, an early redemption cost
of $1.8 million was incurred related to prepayment of $50 million of FHLB advances having a weighted average fixed rate of 3.22%
and scheduled to mature in late 2017 (see  Noninterest Expense ). The two FHLB advances redeemed were outstanding since
2007.  

The Company has two wholly owned trust
subsidiaries, SBCF Capital Trust I and SBCF Statutory Trust II that were both formed in 2005. In 2007, the Company formed an additional
wholly owned trust subsidiary, SBCF Statutory Trust III. The 2005 trusts each issued $20.0 million (totaling $40.0 million) of
trust preferred securities and the 2007 trust issued an additional $12.0 million in trust preferred securities. As part of the
October 1, 2014 BANKshares acquisition the Company acquired three junior subordinated debentures totaling $5.2 million, $4.1 million,
and $5.2 million, respectively. As part of the Grand acquisition, the Company acquired an additional junior subordinated debenture
totaling $7.2 million. The acquired junior subordinated debentures (in accordance with ASU 805 Business Combinations) were recorded
at fair value, which collectively is $5.3 million lower than face value. This amount is being amortized into interest expense over
the acquired subordinated debt s remaining term to maturity. 

Under Basel III and Federal Reserve rules,
qualified trust preferred securities and other restricted capital elements can be included as Tier 1 capital, within limitations.
The Company believes that its trust preferred securities qualify under these capital rules. The weighted average interest rate
of our outstanding subordinated debt related to trust preferred securities was 2.93% for the three month period ended September
30, 2016, compared to 2.43% for all of 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions   

In the normal course of business, the Company
may engage in a variety of financial transactions that, under generally accepted accounting principles, either are not recorded
on the balance sheet or are recorded on the balance sheet in amounts that differ from the full contract or notional amounts. These
transactions involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk. 

Lending commitments include unfunded loan
commitments and standby and commercial letters of credit. A large majority of loan commitments and standby letters of credit expire
without being funded, and accordingly, total contractual amounts are not representative of our actual future credit exposure or
liquidity requirements. Loan commitments and letters of credit expose the Company to credit risk in the event that the customer
draws on the commitment and subsequently fails to perform under the terms of the lending agreement. 

Loan commitments to customers are made
in the normal course of our commercial and retail lending businesses. For commercial customers, loan commitments generally take
the form of revolving credit arrangements. For retail customers, loan commitments generally are lines of credit secured by residential
property. These instruments are not recorded on the balance sheet until funds are advanced under the commitment. For loan commitments,
the contractual amount of a commitment represents the maximum potential credit risk that could result if the entire commitment
had been funded, the borrower had not performed according to the terms of the contract, and no collateral had been provided. Loan
commitments were $524 million at September 30, 2016 and $335 million at September 30, 2015. 

Capital Resources   

The Company s equity capital at September
30, 2016 increased $85.2 million to $435.5 million since September 30, 2015, and increased $82.1 million from year-end 2015. The
ratio of shareholders  equity to period end total assets was 9.65% at September 30, 2016, seventy-two basis points lower
than at September 30, 2015. Equity capital increased from a combination of earnings retained by the Company, increased unrealized
gains on securities, and capital issued in conjunction with acquisitions completed over the course of the last twelve months. During
the first quarter of 2016, the Floridian transaction increased shareholders  equity $50.9 million, as the Company issued
shares of common stock as consideration for each merger.  The BMO Harris purchase did not include an issuance of any equity.
The ratio of shareholders  equity total assets declined as the Company successfully grew assets at a faster pace than equity
over this period. 

Activity in shareholders  equity
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

Shareholder s
Equity roll forward 

The nine month period ended September 30,
2015 included $17.2 million in equity issued in conjunction with the Grand transaction. 

Capital ratios remain healthy and are well
above regulatory requirements for well-capitalized institutions. Seacoast s management uses certain  non-GAAP 
financial measures in its analysis of the Company s capital adequacy. Seacoast s management uses these measures to
assess the quality of capital and believes that investors may find it useful in their analysis of the Company. 

*   For subsidiary bank only 

The Company s total risk-based capital
ratio was 13.41% at September 30, 2016, below our ratio of 16.01% at December 31, 2015. Larger pro rata cash payments and more
modest amounts of common stock issued to Floridian shareholders, as well as ongoing reinvestment of liquidity into securities and
loans with higher risk weightings and the addition of Floridian s and BMO Harris s loans with higher risk weightings,
were primary causes for Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios decreasing during the second quarter of 2016. At September 30,
2016, the Bank s leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets) was 8.75%, declining from 9.36% at December 31,
2015, reflecting the effect of push down accounting on Seacoast s subsidiary bank s capital. 

The Company and Seacoast National are subject
to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain
adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends
where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Company is a legal entity separate
and distinct from Seacoast Bank and its other subsidiaries, and the Company s primary source of cash and liquidity, other
than securities offerings and borrowings, is dividends from its bank subsidiary. Without Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
( OCC ) approval, Seacoast National can pay over $50 million of dividends to the Company. 

The OCC and the Federal Reserve have policies
that encourage banks and bank holding companies to pay dividends from current earnings, and have the general authority to limit
the dividends paid by national banks and bank holding companies, respectively, if such payment may be deemed to constitute an unsafe
or unsound practice. If, in the particular circumstances, either of these federal regulators determined that the payment of dividends
would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice, either the OCC or the Federal Reserve may, among other things, issue a
cease and desist order prohibiting the payment of dividends by Seacoast National or us, respectively. Under a recently adopted
Federal Reserve policy, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend
level is prudent relative to the organization s financial position and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios
such as any potential events that may occur before the payment date that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining
a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding
company, such as Seacoast, should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce the bank holding
company s dividends if: (i) its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously
paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) its prospective rate of earnings retention is not
consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) it will not meet, or is in
danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

The Company has seven wholly owned trust
subsidiaries that have issued trust preferred stock. Trust preferred securities from BankFIRST and Grand that were integrated have
been recorded at fair value, when acquired. All trust preferred securities are guaranteed by the Company on a junior subordinated
basis. The Federal Reserve s rules permit qualified trust preferred securities and other restricted capital elements to be
included under Basel III capital guidelines, with limitations, and net of goodwill and intangibles. The Company believes that its
trust preferred securities qualify under these revised regulatory capital rules and believes that it can treat all $70.2 million
of its trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital. 

Results of Operations  

Earnings Overview   

Seacoast reported net income of $9.1 million
during the third quarter of 2016, a $4.7 million or 106% increase from the third quarter of 2015, and an increase of $3.8 million
or 71% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Third quarter return on average assets (ROA) increased 31 basis points linked quarter
to 0.82%, return on average equity increased 329 basis points to 8.44% from the second quarter of 2016. Third quarter 2016 results
include $2.6 million in costs related to consolidation of branches acquired through the BMO Harris acquisition and other nonrecurring
items. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) was $0.24, up 71% from $0.14 in the second quarter of 2016, and up 85% from $0.13 in the
third quarter of 2015. Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $18.4 million compared to $16.1 million for the first nine
months of 2015. Diluted EPS was $0.49 compared to $0.48 in the same period in 2015. 

Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure
(see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ),
totaled $10.6 million, a $4.4 million or 70% increase year over year and an increase of $1.8 million, or 21% (not annualized) from
the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted EPS, a non-GAAP measure (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP
Financial Measures   under  Results of Operations ), was $0.28 for the third quarter of 2016, a $0.05 or 22%
increase from the second quarter of 2016 and a gain of $0.10 or 56% from the third quarter a year ago. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP
measure (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ),
for the first nine months of 2016 increased $7.8 million to $26.1 million and adjusted diluted EPS, a non-GAAP measure (see page
45,   Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   under  Results of Operations ),
grew 27% to $0.70, compared on the same basis to a year ago. 

We are also beginning to realize significant
cost savings through the execution of our digital transformation as our multi-channel delivery of banking services enables us to
trim our physical presence while keeping customer satisfaction high. We entered the year with eight Orlando branches, and acquired
six Floridian and 14 BMO Harris locations in that market. By the end of the third quarter of 2016 we closed ten more full service
offices, and presently operate a total of 15 branches in the Orlando MSA, substantially reducing our physical presence in this
market. We will continue to prudently refine our infrastructure as we move into the future. 

Data analytics and technology-assisted
operational improvement are also helping us build efficiencies across our organization and drive process automation. 

Explanation of Certain Non-GAAP
Financial Measures   

The measures entitled adjusted net income;
adjusted diluted earnings per share; return on average tangible common equity; adjusted revenue; adjusted return on assets; adjusted
return on average tangible common equity; adjusted efficiency ratio; adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision income; annualized adjusted
operating expenses as a percent of average assets; and adjusted noninterest expense are not measures recognized under U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and therefore are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The most comparable GAAP measures
are net income, diluted earnings per share, return on average equity, revenues, return on average assets, return on average equity,
expenses/revenues, net income, noninterest expense as a percent of average assets, and noninterest expense, respectively. 

Management uses the non-GAAP financial
measures in its analysis of the Company's performance and believes these presentations provide useful supplemental information,
and a clearer understanding of the Company's performance, and if not provided would be requested by the investor community. The
Company believes the non-GAAP measures enhance investors' understanding of the Company's business and performance. These measures
are also useful in understanding performance trends and in facilitating comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions.
The limitations associated with operating measures are the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items
comprising these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. The company presents non-GAAP
measures to remove or adjust for items like transaction related merger and acquisition costs or other costs or revenue items that
are not related to the ongoing operations of the company as well as to adjust intangible assets and intangible asset amortization
from acquired companies. The Company believes these measures are useful to investors because removing the amount of intangible
assets and amortization thereof, and removing costs and revenues not related to ongoing operations of the company (the level of
which may vary from company to company and from period to period), allows investors to more easily compare the Company's capital
position and financial performance to other companies in the industry that present similar measures. The Company also believes
that removing these items provides a more relevant measure of the Company's financial performance from period to period. These
measures are utilized by management to assess the capital adequacy and profitability of the Company. 

These disclosures should not be considered
an alternative to GAAP. The computations of adjusted net income; adjusted diluted earnings per share; return on average tangible
common equity; adjusted revenue; adjusted return on assets; adjusted return on average tangible common equity; adjusted efficiency
ratio; adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision income; annualized adjusted operating expenses as a percent of average assets; and adjusted
noninterest expense and the reconciliation of these measures are set forth in the tables below: 

(1) Non GAAP measure (see page 45,  Explanation of Certain
Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations ) .  

 (2) Presentation has been revised in accordance with SEC's Division
of Corporation Finance Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Non-GAAP Financial Measures  issued May 17, 2016 

 (3) Defined as (adjusted noninterest expense less foreclosed
property expense and amortization of intangibles) divided by net operating revenue (net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent
basis plus adjusted noninterest income). 

 (4) The Company believes that return on average assets and equity
excluding the impacts of noncash amortization expense on intangible assets is a better measurement of the Company's trend in earnings
growth. 

 (5) Includes adjusted detailed in Total Adjustments to Revenue,
Total Adjustments to Noninterest Expense and the Effective tax rate on adjustments. 

Net Interest Income and Margin   

Net interest income (on a tax equivalent
basis) for the quarter totaled $37.7 million, increasing $2.9 million or 8.4% during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
second quarter of 2016, and was $8.6 million or 29.5% higher than third quarter 2015 s result. Net interest margin expanded
to 3.69%, a 6 basis point improvement when compared to second quarter 2016 s margin, and a contraction of 6 basis points
compared to third quarter 2015. 

Loan growth, balance sheet mix and
yield/cost management have been the primary forces affecting net interest income and net interest margin. Acquisitions have
accelerated income growth. Loan growth combined with deployment of liquidity at the time of the BMO acquisition were main contributors to net interest margin improvement linked quarter. The
business volumes from Floridian on March 11, 2016, and BMO Harris s Orlando operating base on June 3, 2016, amplified
the Company s performance in 2016, helping drive the $8.6 million increase in net interest income for the third quarter
of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in margin year over year reflects decreased loan yields,
reflecting the current low interest rate environment, partially offset by improved balance sheet mix. 

We anticipate 2016 s net interest
income will continue to benefit from the full year impact of these acquisitions. 

The following table details the trend for
net interest income and margin results (on a tax equivalent basis), the yield on earning assets that has improved tremendously
and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities that has changed nominally for the past five quarters: 

(1) On tax equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure.         

Average loans (the highest yielding component
of earning assets) as a percentage of average earning assets totaled 66.9% during the third quarter of 2016, compared to 65.7%
for the second quarter of 2016. Additionally,
the mix of loans improved, with volumes related to commercial and commercial real estate representing 62.5 percent of total loans
at September 30, 2016 (compared to 59.9% at September 30, 2015)(see  Loan Portfolio ). The deployment of excess
liquidity held during the second quarter 2016 acquisition of BMO Harris s Orlando operations reduced federal funds sold and
other investments, a low yielding category, from 2.9% of average assets in the second quarter of 2016 to 1.4% of average assets
in the third quarter of 2016. 

Commercial and commercial real estate loan
originations for the third quarter of 2016 exceeded $109 million, with the commercial pipeline (in underwriting and approval or
approved and not yet closed) totaling $119 million at September 30, 2016, ahead of prior-year levels. Third quarter 2015 s
commercial and commercial real estate loan originations totaled $72 million, and the pipeline at September 30, 2015 was $105 million.
Consumer loan and small business originations totaled $88 million (inclusive of lines of credit) during the third quarter of 2016
compared to $53 million one year ago. Closed residential production for the quarter totaled $114 million compared with $74 million
during the third quarter 2015, with a total residential pipeline of $79 million at September 30, 2016 up from $38 million one year
ago. 

Customer relationship funding is detailed
in the following table for the last five quarters: 

(1) Total deposits and customer sweep accounts, excluding time certificates of deposit     

Total deposits increased $768.2 million
or 28.0% to $3.510 billion at September 30, 2016, compared to one year earlier. Core customer funding increased to $3.313 billion
at September 30, 2016, a $728.3 million or 28.2% increase from the third quarter of 2015. Excluding acquisitions, total deposits
increased $127.1 million or 2.6% from one year ago. Also, at September 30, 2016, total deposits grew $666.1 million or 23.4% from
year-end 2015. Deposit growth for 2016 was impacted by seasonal decreases in public fund balances, which decreased by $84 million
during the first nine months of 2016 from year-end 2015. 

Noninterest demand deposits grew $314.1
million or 36.8% from the end of 2015 and $298.7 million or 34.3% from the third quarter of 2015. Noninterest demand deposits increased
to 33.3% of total deposits, up from 31.7% a year ago. The overall cost of total deposits remained relatively low at 0.15% for the
third quarter of 2016. 

Federal funds purchased and sweep repurchase
agreements (with Seacoast Bank customers) at September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $167.9, increasing $19.1 million or 12.8% from
a year ago. No term federal funds purchased were outstanding for Seacoast Bank on these dates in 2016 or 2015. The average yield
on customer repurchase accounts was 0.25% for the third quarter of 2016. 

Fixed rate advances from the FHLB of $50.0
million (with an inception date in November 2007) were to mature in 2017; these advances were redeemed in April 2016 for at a cost
of $1.8 million (see  Noninterest Expense ). The rate on the redeemed FHLB advances was 3.22%, and compares to a rate
on FHLB borrowings (maturing in 30 days or less) of 0.43% during the third quarter of 2016. 

For 2016, average subordinated debt summed
to $70.1 million related to trust preferred securities issued by subsidiary trusts of the Company (including acquired subordinated
debt for BANKshares and Grand) remain outstanding. 

The following table details average balances,
net interest income and margin results (on a tax equivalent basis) for the third and second quarter of 2016, and the third quarter
of 2015. 

(1)  On a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure, as defined (see Non-GAAP Measure on
                                                                                next page).  All yields and rates have been computed on an annual basis using amortized cost.  Fees on
                                                                                loans have been included in interest on loans.  Nonaccrual loans are included in loan balances. 

Non-GAAP Measures regarding Net Interest
Income and Margin  

Fully taxable equivalent net interest income
is a common term and measure used in the banking industry but is not a term used under generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ). We believe that these presentations of tax-equivalent net interest income and tax equivalent net interest
margin aid in the comparability of net interest income arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources over the periods presented.
We further believe these non-GAAP measures enhance investors  understanding of the Company s business and performance,
and facilitate an understanding of performance trends and comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. The
limitations associated with these measures are the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items comprising
these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently, including as a result of using different
assumed tax rates. These disclosures should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP. The following information is provided
to reconcile GAAP measures and net interest income and net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis. 

Noninterest Income   

Noninterest income excluding securities
gains, totaled $9.8 million for the third quarter of 2016, $1.7 million above $8.1 million recorded in the third quarter of 2015.
Significant contributors to the increase in noninterest income include mortgage banking revenue of $1.9 million, which increased
$0.7 million or 60% from the year-ago period, reflecting record originations and sale of seasoned residential mortgages for a gain
of $0.4 million. Strong increases in interchange income and service charges on deposit accounts, up $0.4 million or 20% and $0.5
million or 22%, respectively. Digitally driven product marketing and service delivery, combined with strong organic and acquisition-related
household growth, were primary growth occurring in noninterest income during the third quarter of 2016, compared to 2015 s
third quarter. 

Noninterest income
excluding securities gains, increased $0.7 million or 7% (not annualized) from second quarter 2016 levels. Strength in
mortgage banking revenue, as well as transaction-based fees for deposit service charges, was instrumental to the
linked-quarter gain. 

Year-to-date 2016 (the first nine months)
noninterest income accounted for 21.2% of total revenue (defined as net interest income plus noninterest income, excluding securities
gains). 

Noninterest income detail is delineated
in  Note H   Noninterest Income and Expense.  A summary of more significant noninterest income categories for
the third quarter of 2016, compared to second quarter 2016 and the third quarter of 2015 are as follows: 

*Additional detail for  Other 
can be found in  Note H   Noninterest Income and Expense.  

Noninterest Expenses   

Noninterest expenses in the first three
quarters of 2016 reflect merger activity and other investments in the Seacoast strategy. 

Noninterest
expenses increased $4.3 million from the third quarter of 2015. Third quarter 2016 expenses were impacted by $2.6 million in acquisition
and other nonrecurring expenses compared to $3.0 million in the third quarter of 2015. Adjusted noninterest expense ,
a non-GAAP measure   (see page  45,  Explanations Certain of Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in Results of
Operations), increased $4.7 million from prior-year levels. The year-over-year increase in adjusted expense reflects ongoing costs
related to the 2015 and 2016 acquisitions of Floridian, and BMO Harris  Orlando operations. Expenses also reflect support
of organic growth of and investment in the franchise. Larger drivers include salary and benefit costs, occupancy, and furniture
and equipment costs, largely from acquisition activity. While adjusted noninterest expenses  (see page 45,   Explanation
of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations )  grew
18% compared to prior year levels, total revenue excluding securities gains grew 27%, providing 9% operating leverage.  

Noninterest expense decreased $1.4 million
from the second quarter of 2016, due to a higher level of merger expenses recorded in the second quarter related to 2016 acquisitions.
Adjusted noninterest expense (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain  Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in
 Results of Operations ) grew $1.8 million or 6%. Contributing to the higher adjusted noninterest expense (see page
45,   Explanation of Certain  Non-GAAP Financial Measures   in  Results of Operations )
during the third quarter of 2016 were salary and benefit costs, and outsourced data processing costs, as well as, higher amortization
of intangibles, largely from acquisition activity. Expenses related the acquisition of Floridian on March 11, 2016 were significant
as well. This is excluded from adjusted expense (see page 45,   Explanation of Certain  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 in  Results of Operations ). 

Salaries and employee benefit costs totaling
$16.8 million were $2.5 million or 17.4% higher for 2016 s third quarter, compared to 2015 for the same period. Of the $2.5
million increase in the third quarter of 2016, base salaries were $1.8 million higher during the third quarter of 2016, due to
acquisitions, investments in strategy and people to support growth. Improved revenue generation and lending production, among other
factors resulted in commissions, cash and stock incentives (aggregated) that were $1.4 million higher for 2016, compared to third
quarter a year ago, but were partially offset by higher deferred costs (a contra) for significantly improved loan production, reducing
total salaries by $0.4 million. Severance costs related to merger activity and bank closures were also lower, by $0.3 million compared
to third quarter 2015. 

Seacoast Bank utilizes third parties
for its core data processing systems and outsourced data processing costs are correlated to the number of transactions
processed. Outsourced data processing costs totaled $3.2 million for the third quarter of 2016, comparable to a year ago, but
a $0.4 million or 14.1% increase in cost compared to the second quarter of 2016. The primary cause the increase is related to
growth in total households banking with Seacoast and increased products utilized by each household. The Company wholly
expects its digital servicing capabilities and technology will continue to support better, more efficient channel
integration, allowing consumers to choose their path of convenience to satisfy their banking needs, resulting in organic
growth of our products and services as well as related revenue. 

Total occupancy, furniture and equipment
expenses for the third quarter of 2016 increased $1.6 million or 49.5% (on an aggregate basis) to $4.9 million year over year.
Branch closure charges summed to $0.7 million, $1.1 million and $0.7 million, respectively, in the third, second and first quarters
of 2016. This increase is primarily driven by the ten branches acquired in the Floridian and BMO Harris acquisitions, and the write
down of legacy and acquired branches designated to be closed this year. Ten branches were consolidated during the third quarter
of 2016, and will lessen the impacts of acquired locations prospectively. Branch consolidation is expected to continue for the
Company and the banking industry in general, as customers increase their usage of digital and mobile products. 

Increases and decreases in remaining expenses
were not as significant, but it should be noted that second quarter 2016 included the $1.8 million for early redemption of the
FHLB advances previously discussed. Marketing expenses were lower by 18.5% and 29.0%, respectively, when compared to the second
quarter of 2016 and prior year s third quarter result, as the focus the past couple quarters was on integration of acquired
households. 

Significant noninterest expense categories
for the third quarter of 2016, compared to second quarter 2016 and the third quarter of 2015, is detailed as follows: 

*Additional detail for  Other 
can be found in  Note H   Noninterest Income and Expense.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, ( GAAP ), including prevailing
practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make
judgments in the application of certain of its accounting policies that involve significant estimates and assumptions. We have
established policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure valuation methods are well controlled and applied consistently
from period to period. These estimates and assumptions, which may materially affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements, and changes in this information
over time and the use of revised estimates and assumptions could materially affect amounts reported in subsequent financial statements.
Management, after consultation with the Company s Audit Committee, believes the most critical accounting estimates and assumptions
that involve the most difficult, subjective and complex assessments are: 

the allowance and the provision for loan losses;  

acquisition accounting and purchased loans;  

intangible assets and impairment testing;  

other fair value adjustments;  

other than temporary impairment of securities;  

realization of deferred tax assets; and  

contingent liabilities.  

The following is a discussion of the critical
accounting policies intended to facilitate a reader s understanding of the judgments, estimates and assumptions underlying
these accounting policies and the possible or likely events or uncertainties known to us that could have a material effect on our
reported financial information. 

Allowance and Provision for Loan Losses   Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Management determines the provision for
loan losses charged to operations by continually analyzing and monitoring delinquencies, nonperforming loans and the level of outstanding
balances for each loan category, as well as the amount of net charge-offs, and by estimating losses inherent in its portfolio.
While the Company s policies and procedures used to estimate the provision for loan losses charged to operations are considered
adequate by management, factors beyond the control of the Company, such as general economic conditions, both locally and nationally,
make management s judgment as to the adequacy of the provision and allowance for loan losses necessarily approximate and
imprecise. 

For 2016 s third quarter and first
nine months, we recorded provisioning for loan losses of $0.6 million and $1.4 million, respectively, which compared to provisioning
of $1.0 million and $2.3 million, respectively, for 2015 s third quarter and first nine months. Net recoveries of $2.1 million
through September 30, 2016, compare to net charge-offs of a nominal amount for the first nine months of 2015 (see  Note F
  Impaired Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses ). For 2016, provisioning for loan losses reflects continued strong
credit metrics and significant net recoveries, offset by continued loan growth. Delinquency trends remain low and show continued
stability (see section titled  Nonperforming Loans, Troubled Debt Restructurings, Other Real Estate Owned, and Credit Quality ). 

Management continuously monitors the quality
of the Company s loan portfolio and maintains an allowance for loan losses it believes is sufficient to absorb probable losses
inherent in the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses increased $3.4 million to $22.7 million at September 30, 2016, compared
to $19.3 million at September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses ( ALLL ) framework has four basic elements: (1)
specific allowances for loans individually evaluated for impairment; (2) general allowances for pools of homogeneous non-purchased
loans ( portfolio loans ) within the portfolio that have similar risk characteristics, which are not individually evaluated;
(3) specific allowances for purchased impaired loans which are individually evaluated based on the loans expected principal and
interest cash flows; and (4) general allowances for purchased unimpaired pools of homogeneous loans that have similar risk characteristics.
The aggregate of these four components results in our total allowance for loan losses. 

The first element of the ALLL analysis
involves the estimation of allowance specific to individually evaluated impaired portfolio loans, including accruing and nonaccruing
restructured commercial and consumer loans. In this process, a specific allowance is established for impaired loans based on an
analysis of the most probable sources of repayment, including discounted cash flows, liquidation of collateral, or the market value
of the loan itself. It is the Company s policy to charge off any portion of the loan deemed a loss. Restructured consumer
loans are also evaluated in this element of the estimate. As of September 30, 2016, the specific allowance related to impaired
portfolio loans individually evaluated totaled $2.0 million, compared to $3.1 million as of September 30, 2015. 

The second element of the ALLL analysis,
the general allowance for homogeneous portfolio loan pools not individually evaluated, is determined by applying allowance factors
to pools of loans within the portfolio that have similar risk characteristics. The general allowance factors are determined using
a baseline factor that is developed from an analysis of historical net charge-off experience and qualitative factors designed and
intended to measure expected losses. These baseline factors are developed and applied to the various portfolio loan pools. Adjustments
may be made to baseline reserves for some of the loan pools based on an assessment of internal and external influences on credit
quality not fully reflected in the historical loss. These influences may include elements such as changes in concentration risk,
macroeconomic conditions, and/or recent observable asset quality trends. 

The third component consists of amounts
reserved for purchased credit-impaired loans. On a quarterly basis, the Company updates the amount of loan principal and interest
cash flows expected to be collected, incorporating assumptions regarding default rates, loss severities, the amounts and timing
of prepayments and other factors that are reflective of current market conditions. Probable decreases in expected loan principal
cash flows trigger the recognition of impairment, which is then measured as the present value of the expected principal loss plus
any related foregone interest cash flows discounted at the pool s effective interest rate. Impairments that occur after the
acquisition date are recognized through the provision for loan losses. Probable and significant increases in expected principal
cash flows would first reverse any previously recorded allowance for loan losses; any remaining increases are recognized prospectively
as interest income. The impacts of (i) prepayments, (ii) changes in variable interest rates, and (iii) any other changes in the
timing of expected cash flows are recognized prospectively as adjustments to interest income. Disposals of loans, which may include
sales of loans, receipt of payments in full by the borrower, or foreclosure, result in removal of the loan from the purchased credit
impaired portfolio. 

The final component consists of amounts
reserved for purchased unimpaired loans. Loans collectively evaluated for impairment reported at September 30, 2016 include loans
acquired from BMO Harris on June 3, 2016, Floridian on March 11, 2016, Grand on July 17, 2015 and BANKshares on October 1, 2014
that are not PCI loans. These loans are performing loans recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date. These amounts
are accreted into interest income over the remaining lives of the related loans on a level yield basis, and remained adequate at
September 30, 2016. 

Our analyses of the adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses also takes into account qualitative factors such as credit quality, loan concentrations, internal controls, audit
results, staff turnover, local market conditions and loan growth. 

The Company s independent Credit
Administration Department assigns all loss factors to the individual internal risk ratings based on an estimate of the risk using
a variety of tools and information. Its estimate includes consideration of the level of unemployment which is incorporated into
the overall allowance. In addition, the portfolio loans are segregated into a graded loan portfolio, residential, installment,
home equity, and unsecured signature lines, and loss factors are calculated for each portfolio. 

The loss factors assigned to the graded
loan portfolio are based on the historical migration of actual losses by grade over 4, 8, 12, 16, 20 and 24 quarter intervals.
Minimum and maximum average historical loss rates over one to five years are referenced in setting the loss factors by grade within
the graded portfolio. Management uses historical loss factors as its starting point, and qualitative elements are considered to
capture trends within each portion of the graded portfolio. The direction and expectations of past dues, charge-offs, nonaccruals,
classified loans, portfolio mix, market conditions, and risk management controls are considered in setting loss factors for the
graded portfolio. The loan loss migration indicates that the minimum and maximum average loss rates and median loss rates over
the past many quarters have been declining. Also, the level of criticized and classified loans has been declining as a result of
a combination of upgrades and loan payoffs, which are reducing the risk profile of the loan portfolio. Additionally, the risk profile
has declined given the shift in complexion of the graded portfolio, particularly a reduced level of commercial real estate loan
concentrations. 

Residential and consumer (installment,
secured lines, and unsecured lines) are analyzed differently as risk ratings, or grades, are not assigned to individual loans.
Residential and consumer loan losses are tracked by pool. Management examines the historical losses over one to five years in its
determination of the appropriate loss factor for vintages of loans currently in the portfolio rather than the vintages that produced
the significant losses in prior years. These loss factors are then adjusted by qualitative factors determined by management to
reflect potential probable losses inherent in each loan pool. Qualitative factors may include various loan or property types, loan
to value, concentrations and economic and environmental factors. 

Residential loans that become 90 days past
due are placed on nonaccrual and a specific allowance is made for any loan that becomes 120 days past due. Residential loans are
subsequently written down if they become 180 days past due and such write-downs are supported by a current appraisal, consistent
with current banking regulations. 

Our charge-off policy meets or exceeds
regulatory minimums. Losses on unsecured consumer loans are recognized at 90 days past due compared to the regulatory loss criteria
of 120 days. Secured consumer loans, including residential real estate, are typically charged-off or charged down between 120 and
180 days past due, depending on the collateral type, in compliance with Federal Financial Institution Examination Council guidelines.
Commercial loans and real estate loans are typically placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest is past due for 90
days or more, unless the loan is both secured by collateral having realizable value sufficient to discharge the debt in-full and
the loan is in the legal process of collection. Secured loans may be charged-down to the estimated value of the collateral with
previously accrued unpaid interest reversed. Subsequent charge-offs may be required as a result of changes in the market value
of collateral or other repayment prospects. Initial charge-off amounts are based on valuation estimates derived from appraisals,
broker price opinions, or other market information. Generally, new appraisals are not received until the foreclosure process is
completed; however, collateral values are evaluated periodically based on market information and incremental charge-offs are recorded
if it is determined that collateral values have declined from their initial estimates. 

Management continually evaluates the allowance
for loan losses methodology and seeks to refine and enhance this process as appropriate. As a result, it is likely that the methodology
will continue to evolve over time. 

Our Loan Review unit is independent, and
performs loan reviews and evaluates a representative sample of credit extensions after the fact for appropriate individual internal
risk ratings. Loan Review has the authority to change internal risk ratings and is responsible for assessing the adequacy of credit
underwriting. This unit reports directly to the Directors  Loan Committee of Seacoast Bank s board of directors. 

Net recoveries for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1,409,000 and $2,145,000, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of $450,000 and
$18,000, respectively, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Note F to the financial statements (titled
 Impaired Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses ) summarizes the Company s allocation of the allowance for loan
losses to construction and land development loans, commercial and residential estate loans, commercial and financial loans, and
consumer loans, and provides more specific detail regarding charge-offs and recoveries for each loan component and the composition
of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and 2015. Although there is no assurance that we will not have elevated charge-offs
in the future, we believe that we have significantly reduced the risks in our loan portfolio. 

The allowance as a percentage of portfolio
loans outstanding (excluding PCI and PUL loans) was 1.00% at September 30, 2016, compared to 1.11% at September 30, 2015. The allowance
for loan losses represents management s estimate of an amount adequate in relation to the risk of losses inherent in the
loan portfolio. The reduced level of impaired loans contributed to a lower risk of loss and the lower allowance for loan losses
as of September 30, 2016. The risk profile of the loan portfolio has been reduced by implementing a program to decrease the level
of credit risk in such portfolio by strengthening credit management methodologies and implementing a low risk  back-to-basics 
strategic plan for loan growth. New loan production has shifted to adjustable rate residential real estate loans, owner-occupied
commercial real estate, small business loans for professionals and businesses, and consumer lending. Strategies, processes and
controls are in place to ensure that new production is well underwritten and maintains a focus on smaller, diversified and lower-risk
lending. Aided by initiatives embodied in new loan programs and continued aggressive collection actions, the portfolio mix has
changed dramatically and has become more diversified. The improved mix is most evident by a lower percentage of loans in income
producing commercial real estate and construction and land development loans. Prospectively, we anticipate that the allowance is
likely benefit from continued improvement in our credit quality, but offset by more normal loan growth as business activity and
the economy improves. 

Concentrations of credit risk, discussed
under the caption  Loan Portfolio  of this discussion and analysis, can affect the level of the allowance and may involve
loans to one borrower, an affiliated group of borrowers, borrowers engaged in or dependent upon the same industry, or a group of
borrowers whose loans are predicated on the same type of collateral. The Company s most significant concentration of credit
is a portfolio of loans secured by real estate. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $2.281 billion in loans secured by real
estate, representing 82.4% of total loans, up from $1.810 billion and a percent of total loans (versus 86.2%) at September 30,
2015. In addition, the Company is subject to a geographic concentration of credit because it only operates in central and southeastern
Florida. 

While it is the Company s policy
to charge off in the current period loans in which a loss is considered probable, there are additional risks of future losses that
cannot be quantified precisely or attributed to particular loans or classes of loans. Because these risks include the state of
the economy, borrower payment behaviors and local market conditions as well as conditions affecting individual borrowers, management s
judgment of the allowance is necessarily approximate and imprecise. The allowance is also subject to regulatory examinations and
determinations as to adequacy, which may take into account such factors as the methodology used to calculate the allowance for
loan losses and the size of the allowance for loan losses in comparison to a group of peer companies identified by the regulatory
agencies. 

In assessing the adequacy of the allowance,
management relies predominantly on its ongoing review of the loan portfolio, which is undertaken both to ascertain whether there
are probable losses that must be charged off and to assess the risk characteristics of the portfolio in aggregate. This review
considers the judgments of management, and also those of bank regulatory agencies that review the loan portfolio as part of their
regular examination process. Our bank regulators have generally agreed with our credit assessment, however in the future, regulators
could seek additional provisions to our allowance for loan losses, which would reduce our earnings. 

Acquisition Accounting and Purchased
Loans   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

The Company accounts for its acquisitions
under ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations , which requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting. All identifiable
assets acquired, including loans, are recorded at fair value. No allowance for loan losses related to the acquired loans is recorded
on the acquisition date as the fair value of the loans acquired incorporates assumptions regarding credit risk. All loans acquired
are recorded at fair value in accordance with the fair value methodology prescribed in ASC Topic 820. The fair value estimates
associated with the loans include estimates related to expected prepayments and the amount and timing of expected principal, interest
and other cash flows. 

Over the life of the purchased credit impaired
loans acquired, the Company continues to estimate cash flows expected to be collected. The Company evaluates at each balance sheet
date whether the present value of the acquired loans using the effective interest rates has decreased and if so, recognizes a provision
for loan loss in its consolidated statement of income. For any increases in cash flows expected to be collected, the Company adjusts
the amount of accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the loan s remaining life. 

Intangible Assets and Impairment
Testing   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Intangible assets consist of goodwill and
core deposit intangibles. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business
acquisitions. The core deposit intangible represents the excess intangible value of acquired deposit customer relationships as
determined by valuation specialists. The core deposit intangibles from the BANKshares, Grand, Floridian and BMO Harris acquisitions
are being amortized on a straight-line basis. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is evaluated for impairment on at least an annual
basis. We performed an annual impairment test of goodwill and core deposit intangibles as required by FASB ASC 350,  Intangibles Goodwill
and Other,  in the fourth quarter of 2015 for the BANKshares acquisition (on October 1, 2014). Seacoast employed an independent
third party with extensive experience in conducting and documenting impairment tests of this nature, and concluded that no impairment
occurred. 

Fair value estimates for acquired assets
and assumed liabilities are based on the information available, and are subject to change for up to one year after the closing
date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values becomes available. 

Other Fair Value Measurements  
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

As Is  values are used to
measure fair market value on impaired loans, OREO and repossessed assets. All impaired loans, OREO and repossessed assets are reviewed
quarterly to determine if fair value adjustments are necessary based on known changes in the market and/or the project assumptions.
When necessary, the  As Is  appraised value may be adjusted based on more recent appraisal assumptions received by
the Company on other similar properties, the tax assessed market value, comparative sales and/or an internal valuation. Collateral
dependent impaired loans are loans that are solely dependent on the liquidation of the collateral for repayment. If an updated
assessment is deemed necessary, and an internal valuation cannot be made, an external appraisal will be requested. Upon receipt
of the  As Is  appraisal a charge-off is recognized for the difference between the loan amount and its current fair
market value. 

At September 30, 2016, outstanding securities
designated as available for sale totaled $866.6 million. The fair value of the available for sale portfolio at September 30, 2016
was more than historical amortized cost, producing net unrealized gains that have been included in other comprehensive income (loss)
as a component of shareholders  equity (net of taxes). The Company made no change to the valuation techniques used to determine
the fair values of securities during 2016 and 2015. The credit quality of the Company s securities holdings are primarily
investment grade. 

Seacoast Bank also holds 11,330 shares
of Visa Class B stock, which following resolution of Visa s litigation will be converted to Visa Class A shares (the conversion
rate presently is 1.6483 shares of Class A stock for each share of Class B stock) for a total of 18,675 shares of Visa Class A
stock. Our ownership is related to prior ownership in Visa s network, while Visa operated as a cooperative. This ownership
is recorded on our financial records at zero basis. 

Other Than Temporary Impairment of
Securities   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our investments are reviewed quarterly
for other than temporary impairment ( OTTI ). The following primary factors are considered for securities identified
for OTTI testing: percent decline in fair value, rating downgrades, subordination, duration, amortized loan-to-value, and the ability
of the issuers to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms. Prices obtained from pricing services are usually
not adjusted. Based on our internal review procedures and the fair values provided by the pricing services, we believe that the
fair values provided by the pricing services are consistent with the principles of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement. However, on
occasion pricing provided by the pricing services may not be consistent with other observed prices in the market for similar securities.
Using observable market factors, including interest rate and yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities and
default rates, the Company may at times validate the observed prices using a discounted cash flow model and using the observed
prices for similar securities to determine the fair value of its securities. 

Changes in the fair values, as a result
of deteriorating economic conditions and credit spread changes, should only be temporary. Further, management believes that the
Company s other sources of liquidity, as well as the cash flow from principal and interest payments from its securities portfolio,
reduces the risk that losses would be realized as a result of a need to sell securities to obtain liquidity. 

Realization of Deferred Tax Assets   Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates   

At September 30, 2016, the Company
had net deferred tax assets ( DTA ) of $58.8 million. Although realization is not assured, management believes that
realization of the carrying value of the DTA is more likely than not, based upon expectations as to future taxable income and tax
planning strategies, as defined by ASC 740 Income Taxes. In comparison, at September 30, 2015 the Company had a net DTA of
$61.0 million. 

Contingent Liabilities   Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates   

The Company is subject to contingent liabilities,
including judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings, and tax and other claims arising from the conduct of our business activities.
These proceedings include actions brought against the Company and/or our subsidiaries with respect to transactions in which the
Company and/or our subsidiaries acted as a lender, a financial advisor, a broker or acted in a related activity. Accruals are established
for legal and other claims when it becomes probable that the Company will incur an expense and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
Company management, together with attorneys, consultants and other professionals, assesses the probability and estimated amounts
involved in a contingency. Throughout the life of a contingency, the Company or our advisors may learn of additional information
that can affect our assessments about probability or about the estimates of amounts involved. Changes in these assessments can
lead to changes in recorded reserves. In addition, the actual costs of resolving these claims may be substantially higher or lower
than the amounts reserved for the claims. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no significant accruals for contingent liabilities
and had no known pending matters that could potentially be significant. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity  

Fluctuations in interest rates may result
in changes in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments, cash flows and net interest income. This risk is managed
using simulation modeling to calculate the most likely interest rate risk utilizing estimated loan and deposit growth. The objective
is to optimize the Company s financial position, liquidity, and net interest income while limiting their volatility. 

Senior management regularly reviews the
overall interest rate risk position and evaluates strategies to manage the risk. The Company s third quarter 2016 Asset and
Liability Management Committee ( ALCO ) model simulation indicates net interest income would increase 7.8% if interest
rates increased 200 basis points up over the next 12 months and 4.1% if interest rates increased 100 basis points. This compares
with the Company s third quarter 2015 model simulation, which indicated net interest income would increase 10.3% if interest
rates were increased 200 basis points up over the next 12 months and 4.8% if interest rates were increased 100 basis points. Recent
regulatory guidance has placed more emphasis on rate shocks. 

The Company had a positive gap position
based on contractual and prepayment assumptions for the next 12 months, with a positive cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap
as a percentage of total earning assets of 10.0% at September 30, 2016. This result includes assumptions for core deposit re-pricing
validated for the Company by an independent third party consulting group. 

The computations of interest rate risk
do not necessarily include certain actions management may undertake to manage this risk in response to changes in interest rates.
Derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps, options, caps, floors, futures and forward contracts may be utilized
as components of the Company s risk management profile. 

Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The condensed consolidated financial statements
and related financial data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require the measurement of financial
position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of
money, over time, due to inflation. 

Unlike most industrial companies, virtually
all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant
impact on a financial institution s performance than the general level of inflation. However, inflation affects financial
institutions by increasing their cost of goods and services purchased, as well as the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy
expense, and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market value of investments
and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings, and shareholders  equity. Mortgage originations and re-financings
tend to slow as interest rates increase, and higher interest rates likely will reduce the Company s earnings from such activities
and the income from the sale of residential mortgage loans in the secondary market. 

Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements  

Various of the statements made herein under
the captions  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ,  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk ,  Risk Factors  and elsewhere, are  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning and protections of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). 

Forward-looking statements include statements
with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions, and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance
or achievements of Seacoast to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. You should not expect us to update any forward-looking statements. 

All statements other than statements of
historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through
our use of words such as  may,   will,   anticipate,   assume,   should, 
 support ,  indicate,   would,   believe,   contemplate,   expect, 
 estimate,   continue,   further ,  point to,   project,   could, 
 intend  or other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized
due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 

the effects of future economic and market conditions, including seasonality;   

governmental monetary and fiscal policies, as well as legislative, tax and regulatory changes;   

legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws and regulations
and their application by our regulators, and changes in the scope and cost of FDIC insurance and other coverage;   

changes in accounting policies, rules and practices;   

the risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, liquidity
and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; interest rate risks, sensitivities
and the shape of the yield curve;   

the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer
finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other
financial institutions operating in our market areas and elsewhere, including institutions operating regionally, nationally and
internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer and the Internet;   

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses;   

the risks of mergers and acquisitions, include, without limitation, unexpected transaction costs,
including the costs of integrating operations; the risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that such integration
may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected;   

the potential failure to fully or timely realize expected revenues and revenue synergies, including
as the result of revenues following the merger being lower than expected;   

the risk of deposit and customer attrition; any changes in deposit mix; unexpected operating and
other costs, which may differ or change from expectations;   

the risks of customer and employee loss and business disruption, including, without limitation,
as the result of difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees; increased competitive pressures and solicitations of
customers by competitors; as well as the difficulties and risks inherent with entering new markets; and   

other risks and uncertainties described herein and in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 and otherwise in our Securities and Exchange Commission, or  SEC , reports and filings.   

All written or oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. We have no obligation and do not undertake
to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report, or after the respective dates
on which such statements otherwise are made. 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

See Management s discussion and analysis
 Interest Rate Sensitivity . 

Market risk refers to potential losses
arising from changes in interest rates, and other relevant market rates or prices. 

Interest rate risk, defined as the exposure
of net interest income and Economic Value of Equity, or  EVE,  to adverse movements in interest rates, is the Company s
primary market risk, and mainly arises from the structure of the balance sheet (non-trading activities). The Company is also exposed
to market risk in its investing activities. The Company s Asset/Liability Committee, or  ALCO,  meets regularly
and is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity position of the Company and establishing policies to monitor and
limit exposure to interest rate risk. The policies established by the ALCO are reviewed and approved by the Company s Board
of Directors. The primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk, within policy limits
approved by the Board. These limits reflect the Company s tolerance for interest rate risk over short-term and long-term
horizons. 

The Company also performs valuation analyses,
which are used for evaluating levels of risk present in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the net interest
income simulation analyses. Whereas net interest income simulation highlights exposures over a relatively short time horizon, valuation
analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The valuation of the balance
sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the discounted value of liability
cash flows, the net result of which is the EVE. The sensitivity of EVE to changes in the level of interest rates is a measure of
the longer-term re-pricing risks and options risks embedded in the balance sheet. In contrast to the net interest income simulation,
which assumes interest rates will change over a period of time, EVE uses instantaneous changes in rates. 

EVE values only the current balance sheet,
and does not incorporate the growth assumptions that are used in the net interest income simulation model. As with the net interest
income simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis.
Particularly important are the assumptions driving prepayments and the expected changes in balances and pricing of the indeterminate
life deposit portfolios. Core deposits are a more significant funding source for the Company, making the lives attached to core
deposits more important to the accuracy of our modeling of EVE. The Company periodically reassesses its assumptions regarding the
indeterminate lives of core deposits utilizing an independent third party resource to assist. With lower interest rates over a
prolonged period, the average lives of core deposits have trended higher and favorably impacted our model estimates of EVE for
higher rates. Based on our third quarter 2016 modeling, an instantaneous 100 basis point increase in rates is estimated to increase
the EVE 18.2% versus the EVE in a stable rate environment, while a 200 basis point increase in rates is estimated to increase the
EVE 30.5%. 

While an instantaneous and severe shift
in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure under an extremely adverse scenario, a gradual shift
in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the
estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over
a shorter time horizon, i.e., the next fiscal year. Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet
growth, changes in product mix, change in yield curve relationships, and changing product spreads that could mitigate the adverse
impact of changes in interest rates. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

The Company s management, with the
participation of its chief executive officer and chief financial officer has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30,
2016 and concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There have been no changes to the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred since the beginning of the Company s third quarter of 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

While the Company believes that its existing
disclosure controls and procedures have been effective to accomplish these objectives, the Company intends to continue to examine,
refine and formalize its disclosure controls and procedures and to monitor ongoing developments in this area. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject,
in the ordinary course, to litigation incident to the business in which they are engaged. Management presently believes that none
of the legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject
are materially likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, or operating results
or cash flows, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such claim or litigation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should consider the factors discussed in  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and prospective
results. The risks described in this report, in our Form 10-K or our other SEC filings are not the only risks facing our Company.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors
disclosed in our Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

Issuer purchases of equity securities during
the first, second and third quarters of 2016, entirely related to equity incentive plan activity, were as follows: 

*The
plan to purchase equity securities totaling 165,000 was approved on September 18, 2001, with no expiration date. An additional
250,000 shares was added to the plan and approved on May 20, 2014. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None 

Item 5. Other Information  

During the period covered by this report,
there was no information required to be disclosed by us in a Current Report on Form 8-K that was not so reported, nor were there
any material changes to the procedures by which our security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit 31.1 
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     Exhibit 31.2 
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     Exhibit 32.1 
     Statement of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     Exhibit 32.2 
     Statement of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     Exhibit 101 
     The following materials from Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION
    OF FLORIDA   

November 9, 2016 
      /s/
    Dennis S. Hudson, III   

DENNIS S. HUDSON, III   

Chairman   Chief
    Executive Officer   

November 9, 2016  
      /s/
    Stephen A. Fowle   

STEPHEN A. FOWLE   

Executive Vice President
      Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451689_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

Certification Pursuant to   

  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

I, Dennis S. Hudson, III, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s third fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/
Dennis S. Hudson, III   

Dennis S. Hudson, III   

Chairman   Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451689_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

Certification Pursuant to   

  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

I, Stephen A. Fowle, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s third fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/
Stephen A. Fowle    

Stephen A. Fowle   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451689_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 

 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida ( Company ) for the period ended September
30, 2016 ( Report ), I, Dennis S. Hudson, III , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Dennis S. Hudson , III   

Dennis S. Hudson, III   

Chairman   Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451689_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

STATEMENT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 

 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida ( Company ) for the period ended September
30, 2016 ( Report ), I, Stephen A. Fowle, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/
Stephen A. Fowle   

Stephen A. Fowle   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sbcf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sbcf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sbcf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sbcf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sbcf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sbcf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

