<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1490161_0001683168-16-000491_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3757011</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135991</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>268717</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>822429</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1496354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>948004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000491.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107160110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000491
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		161978059

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000491.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 blackridge_10q-093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES  

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition period from _______________
to ______________ 

Commission File Number 000-53952 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Nevada   
         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
        or organization)  
     
           27-2345075   
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

110 North 5 th  Street, Suite
410, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403   

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone Number:   (952)
426-1241   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes     
      No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes     
      No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes      
      No       

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

The number of shares of registrant s
common stock outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was 47,979,990. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1  .  
       
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)     
     3  

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     3  

Unaudited Condensed  Statements of Operations    for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     4  

Unaudited Condensed  Statements of Cash Flows    for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     5  

Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements   (Unaudited)   
     6  

ITEM 2  .  
       
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
     25  

ITEM 3  .  
       
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK     
     38  

ITEM 4  .  
       
       CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES      
     38  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
       
      Legal Proceedings   
     39  

ITEM 1A.  
       
      RISK FACTORS   
     39  

ITEM 2.  
       
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
     39  

ITEM 3.  
       
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
     39  

ITEM 4.  
       
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     39  

ITEM 5.  
       
      OTHER INFORMATION   
     39  

ITEM 6  .  
       
      EXHIBITS     
     39  

SIGNATURES     
     40  

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.   

   CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.   

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.   

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 1   Organization and Nature
of Business  

Effective April 2, 2012, Ante5, Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc., and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol  ANFC .
Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. (formerly Ante5, Inc.) (the  Company ) became an independent company in April 2010.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1, 2010. Since October 2010, we had been engaged
in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. 

On June 21, 2016 we closed on a debt restructuring
transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 4   Debt Restructuring. Following the transaction, our focus is
on managing the oil and gas assets in which we will continue to have an indirect minority interest. In addition, we will continue
to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations that may be acquired with capital
from our secured lenders as part of the restructuring terms, existing joint venture partners or other capital providers. 

Note 2   Basis of Presentation
and Significant Accounting Policies  

The interim condensed financial statements
included herein, presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and stated in US dollars,
have been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the Company believes that
the disclosures are adequate to not make the information presented misleading. 

These statements reflect all adjustments,
which in the opinion of management, are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained therein. Except as otherwise
disclosed, all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. It is suggested that these interim condensed financial statements
be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company follows the same accounting policies in the preparation of interim reports. 

Reclassifications  

 In the current year, the Company classified
assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outlined in Note 4   Restructuring as assets and liabilities
from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income, expense and cash flows from the restructured operations are shown
as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative purposes, amounts in the prior periods have been reclassified
to conform to current year presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Environmental Liabilities  

 The oil and gas industry is subject, by
its nature, to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time, management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 Cash equivalents include money market accounts
which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest, which approximates market value. No cash equivalents were on hand at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured Limits  

 The Company maintains its cash in bank
deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250,000 and $500,000, respectively, under current
regulations. The Company had approximately $-0- and $-0- in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Advances to Operators  

 The Company participates in the drilling
of crude oil and natural gas wells with other working interest partners. Due to the capital intensive nature of crude oil and natural
gas drilling activities, the working interest partner responsible for conducting the drilling operations may request advance payments
from other working interest partners for their share of the costs. The Company expects such advances to be applied by working interest
partners against joint interest billings for its share of the drilling operations within 120 days from when the advance is paid. 

Debt Issuance Costs  

 Costs relating to obtaining our revolving
credit facilities are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method. The unamortized
balance of debt issuance costs at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, was $-0-. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged
to interest expense were $-0- and $287,227 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest expense
related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When a
loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default on the loan any unamortized financing costs are removed from the
related accounts and charged to interest expense. 

Website Development Costs  

 The Company accounts for website development
costs in accordance with ASC 350-50,  Accounting for Website Development Costs  ( ASC 350-50 ), wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities: 

1)  Initial stage (planning), whereby the related costs are expensed.   

2)  Development (web application, infrastructure, graphics), whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.   

3)  Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security, training, admin), whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed, unless they add additional functionality.   

We have capitalized a total of $56,660
of website development costs from inception through September 30, 2016. We depreciate our website development costs on a straight
line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets, which is currently three years. We have recognized depreciation expense
on these website costs of $-0- and $257 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30,
2016, all website development costs have been fully depreciated. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets
and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share  

 The basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing the net loss (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period (the denominator).
Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options, warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The reconciliation of the denominators
used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

Stock options and warrants excluded from
the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 7,043,500 and 15,757,209 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 6,906,500 and 15,757,209 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Under FASB ASC 820-10-05, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate
fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments.  The Company had no items that
required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.  

Property and Equipment  

 Property and equipment that are not oil
and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three
to seven years. Expenditures for replacements, renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred. Long-lived assets, other than oil and gas properties, are evaluated for impairment to determine if current
circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment
losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $10,848 and $12,286 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition  

 The Company recognizes oil and gas revenues
from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to, and title has transferred to, the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover an imbalance situation. Oil and gas
revenues are reflected as part of discontinued operations on the statement of operations. 

Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The Company records the fair value of a
liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period, and
the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other
than the recorded amount, a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation as of December 31,
2015 and the expense related to accretion of the discount on the asset retirement liability are reflected as part of discontinued
operations on the balance sheet and statement of operations. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Full Cost Method  

 The Company follows the full cost method
of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties
are initially capitalized into a single cost center ( full cost pool ). Such costs include land acquisition costs, geological
and geophysical expenses, carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling directly related to acquisition, and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition, exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

Proceeds from sales of proved properties
will generally be credited to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such a sale would significantly alter
the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would
typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. The Company assesses all items
classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes
consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations;
drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves
are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for
such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject
to amortization. 

Capitalized costs associated with impaired
properties and properties having proved reserves, estimated future development costs, and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned. 

Capitalized costs of oil and gas properties
(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value, discounted at 10% per annum, of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling, impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period, less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value, the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. 

As a result
of currently prevailing low commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties throughout 2015 and 2016,
we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5,219,000 and $52,634,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The impairment charges affected our reported net income but did not reduce our cash flow.  The impairment charges
are reflected as part of discontinued operations on the statement of operations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation  

 The Company adopted FASB guidance on stock
based compensation upon inception at April 9, 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2, all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, are recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Expense related to common
stock and stock options issued for services and compensation totaled $473,472 and $465,876 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on
the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S.
Treasury securities at the grant date. In addition, $-0- and $484,012 of warrant related debt discounts were amortized during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and treated as interest expense and reflected as part of discontinued
operations on the statement of operation. The fair value of warrants is determined similar to the method used in determining the
fair value of employee stock options and the fair value is amortized over the life of the related credit facility and accelerated
in the event of termination of the related credit facility or if the related credit facility becomes payable on demand due to a
default on the related credit facility. The amortization of the debt discount attributable to the warrants was accelerated in 2015
to fully amortize the discount as of December 31, 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default on the related
debt. As part of the debt restructuring all related warrants were retired and cancelled. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Uncertain Tax Positions  

 Effective upon inception at April 9, 2010,
the Company adopted standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

Various taxing authorities may periodically
audit the Company s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company s tax filing positions,
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited and
fully resolved. Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. 

The assessment of the Company s tax
position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company s various filing positions. 

Derivative Instruments and Price Risk
Management  

 While operating its oil and gas business,
the Company entered into derivative contracts, including price swaps, caps and floors, which required payments to (or receipts
from) counterparties based on the differential between a fixed price and a variable price for a fixed quantity of crude oil without
the exchange of underlying volumes. The notional amounts of these financial instruments were based on a portion of the expected
production from existing wells. 

Realized gains and losses were recorded
to gain (loss) on settled derivatives and unrealized gains or losses as a result of mark-to market valuations were recorded to
gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives and are presented as a part of discontinued operations on the statement of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 New accounting pronouncements are issued
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective
date. If not discussed below, management believes there have been no developments to recently issued accounting standards, including
expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our financial statements, from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In August, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
 (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). Effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is
permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments
should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption
must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this
standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  For
public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15,
2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in
any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected
as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of
the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will have
on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments  (a consensus of the
Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than public business
entities, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim
period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning
of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this
standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  (a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities, the amendments are effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities,
the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The
Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related
disclosures. 

Note 3   Going Concern  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) . The Company chose to adopt this pronouncement
in 2015 due to the applicability to our current condition. The new guidance addresses management's responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and in certain circumstances to provide related
footnote disclosures. 

As shown in the accompanying financial
statements, the Company has incurred losses from operations resulting in an accumulated deficit of ($34,634,370) as of September
30, 2016, which was reduced in the current year by a gain on debt restructuring of $41,621,150. While the debt restructuring
outlined in Note 4   Debt Restructuring leaves the Company debt free, it also eliminated the asset base from which the Company
derived the majority of its cash flow. The management fees from the management agreement entered into as part of the debt restructuring
should be sufficient to cover the Company s overhead costs for the balance of 2016. However, the management agreement can
be cancelled by either party without penalty after January 1, 2017 with three months notice. While the Company is actively working
to secure additional joint ventures with assets to manage, to date the Company has not found other sources of revenue. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. These financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern. 

Note 4   Debt Restructuring  

On March 29, 2016, the Company entered
into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( BRHC )
which was recently formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC, all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets (including
working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the  Assets ), (ii) outstanding balances under that certain Credit
Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and Cadence Bank, N.A. ( Cadence ), as lender (the  Cadence Credit
Facility ) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and the several
banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the  Chambers ), and Chambers,
as administrative agent (the  Chambers Credit Facility ) and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets, in
exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the  Class A Units ) in BRHC (the  Asset Contribution ).
On March 29, 2016, affiliates of Chambers Energy Management, LP ( Chambers ) (specifically, Chambers Energy Capital
II, LP and CEC II TE, LLC (collectively, the  Chambers Affiliates )) entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between
BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates, pursuant to which BRHC will issue a number of Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units
of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers Credit Facility (the  Satisfaction
of Debt  and, together with the Asset Contribution, the  BRHC Transaction ). Concurrent with the Satisfaction
of Debt, each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing
of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding
capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence s consent, and BRHC and
Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance
for the quarter ended December 31, 2015 and quarter ending March 31, 2016.  On June 21, 2016,
the Company satisfied all of these conditions and, for accounting purposes, the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have agreed
that the BRHC Transaction, the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective, for valuation purposes, as of April
1, 2016.  

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The terms of the Class A Units of BRHC
are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the  LLC Agreement ), which became effective upon
the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property, and whether upon liquidation or otherwise,
will be made as follows: 

First, 100% to the Class A Members, pro rata, until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then
Class A Preference, which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.  

Second, 90% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 10% to the Class B Members, pro rata, until such time as the aggregate distributions
to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution of its Class A Units.  

Third, 80% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 20% to the Class B Members, pro rata.  

BRHC will be managed by the BRHC Board,
which will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management, oversight and disposition of the
assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board will be comprised of three managers, consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and
one member from the Company. 

In addition, under the LLC Agreement, Chambers
committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the  Chambers Investment Commitment ) to BRHC in exchange for Class
A Units. At Closing, Chambers funded $10 million (the  Initial Chambers Investment ) of the Chambers Investment Commitment,
the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence Credit Facility and for
general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the  Subsequent Chambers Investment ), subject to certain conditions,
may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the  BRHC Board ). The
Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately reduce the Company's Class A
Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such time as the entire Chambers
Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the  Investment Period ). Any portion of Chambers Investment
Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be cancelled. In no event will Chambers
be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment. 

The Company was granted 1,000,000 Class
B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC s Board of Managers, the Company may
be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC, and in turn, the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain members of the
Company's management. Subject to certain conditions, the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in any future distributions
of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to the holders of Class A Units
of BRHC. 

At the closing of the BRHC Transaction,
the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement, the Company will provide
services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC, including but not limited to locating, investigating and analyzing
potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company will be paid a fee
under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and will be reimbursed for certain
third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continues
indefinitely, unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement provides termination provisions upon reasonable notice for both
BRHC and the Company as well as upon a change of control, provided that if the Management Services Agreement is terminated before
December 31, 2016 that BRHC shall pay the Company a termination fee equal to the amount that would have been paid if the Management
Services Agreement was in place until December 31, 2016. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The Company believes that the BRHC Transaction
and related actions will allow the Company to continue as a manager of the oil and gas assets in which we will continue to have
an indirect minority interest. In addition, it will give us the flexibility to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken
and/or Three Forks formation that may be acquired with capital from our secured lenders as part of the restructuring terms, existing
joint venture partners or other capital providers. 

As a result of the transaction, the Company
recorded a gain on debt restructuring of $41,621,150 calculated as the difference between our final ownership interest in BRHC,
after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution of the Initial Chambers Investment within BRHC and our retention
of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC, and the net book value of the assets and labilities we transferred to BRHC. 

The
income and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21, 2016, the date of the BRHC transaction) contributed
in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as  Loss from discontinued items, net of income taxes  on our condensed statement
of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in  Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
are as follows:  

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The
assets and liabilities subject to the BRHC Transaction have been retroactively reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued
operations on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  

Assets
and liabilities reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:  

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 5   Joint Venture  

On
July 20, 2015, the Company signed a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Merced Capital ( Merced ) to form a joint
venture that will acquire and develop Williston Basin non-operated assets. The joint venture will be funded by Merced with an initial
investment target of $50 Million. Investments will be subject to Merced approval, and will be managed by the Company.  

The
joint venture assets will be managed by the Company in exchange for a management fee and reimbursement of third party expenses,
and, after certain investor hurdles are met, the Company will receive a share of profits in the joint venture. The Company will
also have the option to co-invest up to 25% on acquisitions and capital expenditures alongside the venture and any such co-investments
will reside directly with the Company. Upon the sale of joint venture assets, the Company will also have the option to bid and
acquire the assets.  

We
have not yet commenced operations pursuant to this joint venture, but continue to actively evaluate investment opportunities with
Merced.  

Note 6   Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, consisted of the following: 

All of the oil and gas assets have been classified as non-current
assets from discontinued operations on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 as the Company effectively disposed of those assets
as part of the restructuring discussed in Note 4   Debt Restructuring. 

The following table shows depreciation, depletion, and amortization
expense by type of asset: 

(1) Presented as an element of
loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes. 

Impairment of Oil and Gas Properties  

 As a result of currently prevailing low
commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties in 2016, we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments
of $5,219,000 and $52,634,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The expense associated with
the impairments is presented as part of loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes. The impairment charges affected
our reported net income but did not reduce our cash flow. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 7   Oil and Gas Properties  

The following table summarizes gross and
net productive oil wells by state at June 21, 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring) and September 30,
2015. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following table does not include wells in which our interest
is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following table also does not include wells which were awaiting completion,
in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation. 

The Company s oil and gas properties
consisted of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration), drilling costs and
other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21, 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring) and September
30, 2015, our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 7,016 and 8,509 net acres, respectively, located in North Dakota
and Montana. 

The following table summarizes our capitalized
costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

2016 Acquisitions  

 During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we did not purchase any oil and gas properties. 

2016 Divestitures  

 During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres oil and gas properties for total proceeds of $94,628. No gain or loss was
recorded pursuant to the sales. 

2016 Disposition in Debt Restructuring  

 On June 21, 2016 we disposed of all of
our oil gas properties, with net carrying costs of $24,498,638, as part of our debt restructuring as outlined in Note 4  
Debt Restructuring. 

2015 Acquisitions  

 During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we purchased a total of approximately nine net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties. In consideration for the assignment,
we paid the sellers a total of approximately $102,928. 

2015 Divestitures  

 During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties and three wellbores for total proceeds of $127,348.
No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales. 

Undeveloped Acreage Expirations   

 During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had leases encompassing 1,079 net acres expire with carrying costs of $650,816 that had been reserved and transferred
to the full cost pool subject to depletion in 2015. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 8   Asset
Retirement Obligation  

The Company has asset retirement obligations
(ARO) associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of
FASB ASC 410-20-25, the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred
and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount, a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling ARO. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The ARO as of December 31, 2015 has been
reclassified to non-current liabilities from discontinued operations on the balance sheet. 

Note 9   Related Party  

We leased office space on a month to month
basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors, Bradley Berman. Pursuant
to the lease, we occupied approximately 2,813 square feet of office space. We terminated the lease concurrent with our move to
another location on June 30, 2016. The lease had base rents of $2,110 per month, plus common area operations and maintenance charges,
and monthly parking fees of $240 per month, for the period from November 15, 2013 to October 31, 2014, and was subject to increases
of $117 per month beginning November 1, 2014 and for each of the subsequent annual periods. We paid a total of $36,183 and $52,298
to this entity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 10   Derivative Instruments  

The Company is required to recognize all
derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated
its derivative instruments as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and, as such, marks its derivative instruments to fair value
and recognizes the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions  Loss
on settled derivatives  and  Loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives.  

The Company has utilized swap and collar
derivative contracts. While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, their
use also limits the upside revenue potential of upward price movements. 

For a fixed price swap contract, the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract, the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price, the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price. 

The Company s derivative contracts
are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges, with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West
Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) pricing. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
no outstanding derivative contracts. All of our then outstanding derivative contracts, with a mark-to-market liability valuation
of $3,134,336, were transferred to BRHC as part of the debt restructuring. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Derivative Gains and Losses  

 The following table presents realized and
unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented: 

Balance Sheet Offsetting of Derivative
Assets and Liabilities  

 In accordance with FASB issued ASU No.
2011-11, Balance Sheet (Topic 210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities, all of the Company s derivative contracts
are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions  Derivative instruments  and  Noncurrent
derivative instruments . Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that are subject to contractual terms which provide
for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the gross amounts
of recognized derivative assets and liabilities, the amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties, and the
resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets as part of discontinued operations for the periods presented, all
at fair value. 

December 31, 2015      

Gross        
         Net      

Gross        
         amounts        
         amounts of      

amounts of        
         offset        
         liabilities      

recognized        
         on balance        
         on balance      

liabilities        
         sheet        
         sheet      
 
     Commodity derivative liabilities    
     $          
     $          
     $        

The following table reconciles the net
amounts disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets: 

December 31,     

2015     
 
     Current assets from discontinued operations    
     $  1,154,400     
 
     Non-current assets from discontinued operations    

Net amount of assets on the balance sheet    
        1,154,400     

Current liabilities from discontinued operations    

Non-current liabilities from discontinued operations    

Net amounts of liabilities on the balance sheet    

Total derivative assets, net    
     $  1,154,400     

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 11   Fair Value of Financial
Instruments  

The Company adopted FASB ASC 820-10 upon
inception at April 9, 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price).
The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability
of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP, certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value,
and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value. 

The Company has revolving credit facilities
that must be measured under the new fair value standard. The Company s financial assets and liabilities are measured using
inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows: 

Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level 2 - Inputs include quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates, yield
curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market corroborated inputs). 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs
that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The following schedule summarizes the valuation
of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016     

Level 1       
     Level 2       
     Level 3     
 
     Assets    

Cash and cash equivalents    
     $  57,366       
     $          
     $        
 
     Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and collars)    

Total assets    
        57,366       

Liabilities    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and collars)    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt    

Total Liabilities    

$  57,366       
     $          
     $        

There were no transfers of financial assets
or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Level 2 liabilities include Revolving credit
facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The derivative instruments and revolving
credit facilities are reflected on the balance sheets as part of assets or liabilities from discontinued operations as detailed
in Note 4   Debt Restructuring. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 12   Revolving Credit Facilities
and Long Term Debt  

The Company, as borrower, entered into
a Credit Agreement dated August 8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013, March 24, 2014,
April 21, 2014, September 11, 2014, March 30, 2015 and August 10, 2015 (as amended, the  Senior
Credit Agreement   ) with Cadence Bank, N.A. ( Cadence ), as lender (the  Senior Credit Facility ).
Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement, a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount
of $50 million was available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties, (ii) for general working
capital purposes, including the issuance of letters of credit, and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company s
former credit facility. 

Availability under the Senior Credit Facility
was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base, determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with the normal and
customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and was subject to periodic
redeterminations.. Subject to availability under the borrowing base, the Company could borrow, repay and re-borrow funds in amounts
of $250,000 or more. At the Company s election, the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility
may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable margin, which varies
from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable margin, which varies
from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the
last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused
portion of the borrowing base, as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing
base. 

The Senior Credit Facility s maturity
date of August 8, 2016, was subsequently amended to January 15, 2017 pursuant to the amendment on March 30, 2015.
The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time, and could prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon
at least three business days  notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility was secured by first priority interests in mortgages
on substantially all of the Company s assets, including but not limited to the Company s mineral interests in North
Dakota and Montana. 

As part of the debt restructuring outline
in Note 4   Debt Restructuring, the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of $29,400,000 under the
Senior Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement
as of December 31, 2015. 

Subordinated Credit Facility  

 The Company, as borrower, entered into
a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August 8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013, March 24, 2014,
April 21, 2014, September 11, 2014, March 30, 2015, and August 10, 2015 (as amended, the  Subordinated
Credit Agreement ) by and among the Company, as borrower, Chambers Energy Management, LP, as administrative agent ( Chambers ),
and the several other lenders named therein (the  Subordinated Credit Facility ). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility,
term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous
Credit Facility, (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together, the  Credit Facilities ), and (iii) general corporate purposes. 

The Subordinated Credit Agreement provided
initial commitment availability of $25 million, which was subsequently amended to $30 million, with the remaining commitments
subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the available commitments in amounts
of $5 million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month, provided that the initial draw
was at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal
balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate.
The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for
three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full
LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate was equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest
was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50,000
and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available
amount under the commitment. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The Subordinated Credit Facility matured
on June 30, 2017. Upon at least three business days  written notice, the Company could prepay the entire amount
under the loans, together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date, as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility, would be accompanied by a make-whole amount, as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by an applicable premium, as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company s assets, including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana. 

The first funding from the Subordinated
Credit Facility occurred on September 9, 2013 at which time we drew $14,700,000, net of a $300,000 original issue discount,
from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10,226,057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously outstanding revolving
credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14,700,000, net of $300,000 original issue discounts, through December 31, 2015. The
Company had borrowings of $30.0 million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015.
The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility, $30.0 million of principal and $2,931,369 of PIK interest payable, were
transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4- Debt Restructuring. 

Intercreditor Agreements and Covenants  

 Cadence and Chambers had entered into an
Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8, 2013 (the  Intercreditor Agreement ). The Intercreditor Agreement
provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were subordinate
to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the respective rights, obligations
and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the
Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens. 

The Credit Facilities, as amended, required
customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies operating in
the oil and gas industry, as well as customary events of default. Furthermore, the Credit Facilities contain financial covenants
that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain,
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015
and June 30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December 31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a ratio of current assets, including debt facility available to be drawn,
to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter ending June 30, 2014, which was waived, (iii)
a net debt to EBITDAX, as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement, ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2014,
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended
December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ended March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2015, and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2016 and thereafter, in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis, (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, and
(v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain,
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015
and June 30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December 31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount
of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2014,
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2015, and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2016 and thereafter, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, (iii)
a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to
1.0, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current
liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter ending June 30, 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition, each
of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter into hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from currently
producing wells as agreed to by the lenders. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Covenant Violations  

 The Company was out of compliance with
the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the current ratio covenant as defined by
the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31, 2016. Additionally, the audit report the Company received with respect to its
financial statements as of December 31, 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility. See Note 3,  Going Concern , for additional information. The Company received a waiver for all debt
covenants as of December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4   Debt Restructuring. 

Debt Discount, Detachable Warrants  

 In connection with the Subordinated Credit
Facility, the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8, 2018. Proceeds from the loan were
allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance, resulting in a debt discount of
$2,473,576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest
method over the life of the credit facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. A total of $-0- and $484,012 was amortized
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the warrants is $-0- as of September 30, 2016. The amortization of the debt discount attributable to the warrants was accelerated
in 2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31, 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default
on the related debt. As part of the debt restructuring all related warrants were retired and cancelled. 

Amounts outstanding under revolving credit
facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December 31, 2015: 

(1)   Due
to existing and anticipated covenant violations, the Company s Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were
classified as current December 31, 2015 and are presented as part of current liabilities from discontinued operations on the balance
sheet. 

Net proceeds of $29.4 million was
received from our $30 million in advances due to $600,000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at issuance
that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and was being amortized using the effective interest method over the
life of the credit facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. A total of $-0- and $127,378 was amortized during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the OID is $-0- as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as the amortization was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize
the discount as of December 31, 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default on the related debt. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The following presents components of interest
expense, presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively: 

Note 13   Changes in Stockholders 
Equity  

Preferred Stock

The Company has 20,000,000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date. 

Common Stock

The Company has 500,000,000 authorized
shares of $0.001 par value common stock. 

Note 14  Options  

Options Granted  

 No options were granted during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company recognized a total of $473,472,
and $465,876 of compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on common stock options
issued to Employees and Directors that are being amortized over the implied service term, or vesting period, of the options. The
remaining unamortized balance of these options is $1,018,748 as of September 30, 2016. 

Options Exercised  

 No options were exercised during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Options Forfeited  

 No options were forfeited during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 15   Warrants  

Warrants Granted  

 No warrants were granted during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

We recognized a total of $-0- and $484,012
of finance expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on common stock warrants issued
to lenders. All warrants granted pursuant to debt financings are amortized over the remaining life of the respective loan. 

Warrants Exercised  

 No warrants were exercised during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Warrants Expired and Cancelled  

 A total of 3,548,375 warrants, with exercise
prices ranging from $0.95 to $1.50, expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, 5,000,000 warrants,
at an exercise price of $0.65, were cancelled and retired as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4   Debt restructuring.
A total of 585,000 warrants with an exercise price of $0.38 expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 16   Income
Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes under
ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which provides for an asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this
approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences, using currently enacted
tax laws, attributed to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts calculated for income tax purposes. 

We currently estimate that our effective
tax rate for the year ending December 31, 2016 will be 0%. Losses incurred during the period from April 9, 2011 (inception) to
September 30, 2016 could be used to offset future tax liabilities. Accounting standards require the consideration of a valuation
allowance for deferred tax assets if it is  more likely than not  that some component or all of the benefits of deferred
tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016, net deferred tax assets were $11,483,485, after an offsetting reduction
in deferred tax liabilities of $5,735, primarily related to net operating loss carryforwards. A valuation allowance of approximately
$11,483,485 was applied to the remaining net deferred tax assets. We have not provided any valuation allowance against our deferred
tax liabilities, which were netted against our deferred tax assets. 

The tax benefit for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $-0- as the Company utilized a portion of the Company s deferred tax asset, which was offset by a
corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance on the utilized deferred tax asset. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company
has evaluated its tax positions and determined there are no significant uncertain tax positions as of any date on, or before September
30, 2016. 

Note 17   Commitments
and Contingencies  

The Company from time to time may be involved
in various inquiries, administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The
Company is not aware of any inquiries or administrative proceedings and is not currently a defendant in any material litigation
and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company. 

The Company periodically maintains cash
balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss, if any, to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time. 

Note 18   Subsequent
Events  

Board of Directors Addition  

 Effective October 26, 2016, the Company
named Lyle Berman to its board of directors. In connection with his being named a member of the board of directors Mr. Berman was
granted options to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. These options vest in 3 equal annual installments,
commencing one year from the date of grant on October 26, 2017. 

ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

Cautionary Statements  

We are including the
following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that
can affect our company and to take advantage of the  safe harbor  protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords. 

From time to time,
our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position,
business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report, forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as  estimate, 
 project,   predict,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   target, 
 plan,   intend,   seek,   goal,   will,   should,   may 
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales, market size, collaborations, trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking statements
involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following: 

volatility or decline of our stock price;   

low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock, and possible application of the SEC s penny stock rules;   

potential fluctuation in quarterly results;   

our failure to collect payments owed to us;   

material defaults on monetary obligations owed us, resulting in unexpected losses;   

inability to obtain capital from investment partners to acquire oil and gas properties to manage;   

inadequate capital to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to participate in the drilling and production
of oil and other hydrocarbons;   

unavailability of oil and gas prospects to acquire;   

decline in oil prices;   

failure to discover or produce commercial quantities of oil, natural gas or other hydrocarbons;   

cost overruns incurred on our oil and gas prospects, causing unexpected operating deficits;   

drilling of dry holes;   

acquisition of oil and gas leases that are subsequently lost due to the absence of drilling or production;   

dissipation of existing assets and failure to acquire or grow a new business;   

litigation, disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and   

risks related to our ability to be listed on a national securities exchange and meeting listing requirements   

We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these
expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory
and other risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly,
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made. 

Readers are urged not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in
order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report, other than as may be required by applicable
law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) which attempt to advise interested parties of the
risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from
those expected or projected. 

Overview and Outlook  

On June 21, 2016 we
closed on a debt restructuring transaction with our secured lenders as described below in  Debt Restructuring.  Following
the transaction, our focus has been on managing the oil and gas assets in which we will continue to have an indirect minority interest.
In addition, we will continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations that
may be acquired with capital from our secured lenders as part of the restructuring terms, existing joint venture partners or other
capital providers. 

Effective April 2,
2012, we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. Our common stock is still quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol
 ANFC.  

Debt Restructuring  

On March 29, 2016,
the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
( BRHC ) which was recently formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC, all of the Company's (i) oil and
gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the  Assets ), (ii) outstanding balances
under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and Cadence Bank, N.A. ( Cadence ), as lender
(the  Cadence Credit Facility ) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company,
as borrower, and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the  Chambers ),
and Chambers, as administrative agent (the  Chambers Credit Facility ) and (iii) all current liabilities related to
the Assets, in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the  Class A Units ) in BRHC (the  Asset
Contribution ). On March 29, 2016, affiliates of Chambers Energy Management, LP ( Chambers ) (specifically, Chambers
Energy Capital II, LP and CEC II TE, LLC (collectively, the  Chambers Affiliates )) entered into a Debt Contribution
Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates, pursuant to which BRHC will issue a number of Class A Units representing 95%
of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers Credit
Facility (the  Satisfaction of Debt  and, together with the Asset Contribution, the  BRHC Transaction ).
Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt, each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility shall be automatically
retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding
a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence s
consent, and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial
covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December 31, 2015 and quarter ending September 30, 2016.  On
June 21, 2016, the Company satisfied all of these conditions and, for accounting purposes, the BRHC Transaction has been consummated.
The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction, the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective, for valuation
purposes, as of April 1, 2016.  

The terms of the Class
A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the  LLC Agreement ), which became
effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property, and whether upon liquidation
or otherwise, will be made as follows: 

First, 100% to the Class A Members, pro rata, until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then
Class A Preference, which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.  

Second, 90% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 10% to the Class B Members, pro rata, until such time as the aggregate distributions
to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution of its Class A Units.  

Third, 80% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 20% to the Class B Members, pro rata.  

BRHC is managed by
the BRHC Board, which is responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management, oversight and disposition
of the assets of BRHC. The BRHC Board is comprised of three managers, consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and one
member from the Company. 

In addition, under
the LLC Agreement, Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the  Chambers Investment Commitment ) to
BRHC in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing, Chambers funded $10 million (the  Initial Chambers Investment ) of
the Chambers Investment Commitment, the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under
the Cadence Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the  Subsequent Chambers Investment ),
subject to certain conditions, may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
 BRHC Board ). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the  Investment Period ). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment. 

The Company was granted
1,000,000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC s Board of Managers,
the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC, and in turn, the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain
members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions, the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in
any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to
the holders of Class A Units of BRHC. 

At the closing of the
BRHC Transaction, the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement,
the Company will provide services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC, including but not limited to locating,
investigating and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The
Company will be paid a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and will
be reimbursed for certain third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC
Transaction and continues indefinitely, unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement provides termination provisions upon
reasonable notice for both the BRHC and the Company as well as upon a change of control, provided that if the Management Services
Agreement is terminated before December 31, 2016 that BRHC shall pay the Company a termination fee equal to the amount that would
have been paid if the Management Services Agreement was in place until December 31, 2016. 

The Company believes
that the BRHC Transaction and related actions will allow the Company to continue as a manager of the oil and gas assets in which
we will continue to have an indirect minority interest. In addition, it will give us the flexibility to pursue distressed asset
acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks formation that may be acquired with capital from our secured lenders as part of the
restructuring terms, existing joint venture partners or other capital providers. 

The summaries of the
LLC Agreement, Management Services Agreement, Asset Contribution Agreement, and Debt Contribution Agreement above do not purport
to be complete and are qualified by reference to the LLC Agreement, Management Services Agreement, Asset Contribution Agreement,
and Debt Contribution Agreement which are filed as exhibits to the Company's Information Statement filed on Form Schedule 14C. 

Operational Highlights   

Continuing Operations   

Under
our structure following our debt restructuring, our revenues from continuing operations consist of management fees, which we began
earning on June 21, 2016, the date of the restructuring. Our management services agreement with BRHC includes management services
fees amounting to $500,000 per quarter. No management fees were earned by the Company in the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  

General
and administrative expenses from continuing operations were $600,017 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
$652,659 in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The following table
summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Management Fee Revenue  

Management fees consist
of $500,000 of management fees earned under our management services agreement with BRHC for the three months ended September 30,
2016. The Company earned no management fees during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $600,017 compared to $652,659 for the three
months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $52,642, or 8%. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily
due to reduced outside services and travel related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the 2015 period excludes $102,129
of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC which were reclassified
to loss from discontinued operations. 

Depreciation  

Depreciation expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,484, compared to $4,010 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Loss from discontinued operations   

As part of the BRHC
Transaction on June 21, 2016, the oil and gas operations and related debt were contributed to BRHC as part of a debt restructuring.
The Company has a loss of $28,263,818 during the three months ended September 30, 2015 related to the assets and liabilities contributed
to BRHC. The loss from discontinued operations of $28,236,818 in 2015 consisted of revenues of $7,518,610 including $3,359,684
of oil and gas sales and net gains of $4,158,926 related derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations included a $30,995,000
impairment write-down on the Company s oil and gas assets, $887,187 of production expenses, $330,186 of production taxes,
$102,129 of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC, $1,778,580
of depletion, $8,039 of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $1,681,307 of interest expense. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

We had no income tax
expense or benefit in both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as the Company reserved against any deferred tax
asset created due to tax losses due to the uncertainty of realization of the benefit. 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The following table
summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Management Fee Revenue  

Management fees represent
fees of $549,451 earned for the period following the completion of the BRHC transaction on June 21, 2016. The Company earned no
management fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative
expenses from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,899,586 compared to $1,985,383 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $85,797, or 4%. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily
due to reduced outside services and travel related expenses. General and administrative expenses for the 2015 period excludes $476,461
of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC which were reclassified
to loss from discontinued operations. 

Depreciation  

Depreciation expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10,848, compared to $12,286 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

We had no income tax expense or benefit
from continuing operations in both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as the Company reserved against any deferred
tax asset created due to tax losses due to the uncertainty of realization of the benefit. 

Loss from discontinued operations   

As part of the BRHC
Transaction on June 21, 2016, the oil and gas operations and related debt were contributed to BRHC as part of a debt restructuring. 

The Company has a loss
of $10,197,374 during the period from January 1, 2016 through June 21, 2016 related to the assets and liabilities contributed to
BRHC. The loss from discontinued operations of $10,197,374 in 2016 consisted of revenues of $2,293,903 including $5,539,613 of
oil and gas sales and reduced by net losses of $3,245,710 related derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations in 2016 included
a $5,219,000 impairment write-down on the Company s oil and gas assets, $1,400,639 of production expenses, $568,028 of production
taxes, $476,461 of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC,
$3,114,347 of depletion, $16,258 of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $1,696,544 of interest expense. 

The Company has a loss
of $46,872,099 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the assets and liabilities contributed to BRHC. The loss
from discontinued operations of $46,872,099 in 2015 consisted of revenues of $15,846,939 including $11,296,220 of oil and gas sales
and net gains of $4,550,719 related derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations included $52,634,000 of impairment write-downs
on the Company s oil and gas assets, $3,030,707 of production expenses, $1,171,530 of production taxes, $309,858 of general
and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC, $7,346,356 of depletion, $23,900
of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $4,795,727 of interest expense. Additionally the Company had an
income tax benefit of $6,593,040 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulting from the Company s loss of $53,465,139
from discontinued operations before the provision for income taxes. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  

In addition to reporting
net income (loss) as defined under GAAP, we also present Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) as net income (loss) excluding (i) gain on debt restructuring, net of tax, (ii) net of losses on the mark-to-market
of derivatives, net of tax, and (iii) impairment of oil and gas assets, net of tax. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before
(i) gain on debt restructuring, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income taxes, (iv) depreciation, depletion and amortization, (v)
impairment of oil and natural gas properties, (vi) accretion of abandonment liability, (vii) loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives,
and (viii) non-cash expenses relating to share based payments recognized under ASC Topic 718. We believe the use of non-GAAP financial
measures provides useful information to investors regarding our current financial performance; however, Adjusted Net Income (Loss)
and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered alternatives to GAAP measurements. We believe these measures
are useful in evaluating our fundamental core operating performance. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income
(Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain income and
expenses that our management believes are not indicative of our core operating results. Although we use Adjusted Net Income (Loss)
and Adjusted EBITDA to manage our business, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and financial projections,
we believe that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations and do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results
of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that these measures should only be used to evaluate our results of operations
in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA
to Net Income, GAAP, are included below: 

Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc.   

   Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income (Loss)   

   (Unaudited)   

(a) Adjusted
to reflect tax expense, computed based on our effective tax rate of approximately 0% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

  (b) Adjusted
to reflect tax expense, computed based on our effective tax rate of approximately 0% in 2016 and 12% in 2015, of $-0- and $-0-
for the three month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $-0- and ($586,000) for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

  (c) Adjusted
to reflect tax expense, computed based on our effective tax rate of approximately 0% in 2016 and 12% in 2015, of $-0- and $8,639
for the three month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $-0- and $14,211 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc.   

  Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA     

  (Unaudited)  

Our adjusted EBITDA
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 includes income from the Dahl Federal well that was recognized in those
periods based on activity in prior periods of $1,027,995. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The following table
summarizes our total current assets, liabilities and working capital at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 we had positive
working capital of $77,801. 

The following table
summarizes our cash flows during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Our net cash flows
from operations are primarily affected by production volumes and commodity prices. Net cash provided by operating activities was
$2,944,221 and $13,804,992 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $10,860,771. The
increase was due primarily to cash provided from operating activities of discontinued operations. Cash provided from operating
activities of discontinued operations was $3,829,723 and $15,315,846, for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, the decrease driven by gains on settled derivatives ($9,436,903 in 2015 compared to $1,043,026 in 2016), lower commodity
prices and a shortened period in 2016 due to the restructuring on June 21, 2016. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was $4,765,049 and $17,841,075 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease
of $13,076,026. Nearly all of our investing activity in both periods was derived from discontinued operations. We paid $4,858,134
for well development during the 2016 period while in the 2015 period we spent $17,865,495 for well development. Additionally, the
decrease in cash used in investing activities was attributable to a decrease in cash spent for property acquisition as we purchased
no property during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to purchasing 9 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties
for $102,928 in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we sold 14 net leasehold
acres for proceeds of $94,628, while in the comparable 2015 period we sold 14 net leasehold acres and three wellbores for proceeds
of $127,348. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we purchased equipment for $1,543. 

Net cash provided from
financing was $1,650,000 and $4,000,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, all due to net
borrowings for discontinued operations. 

BRHC Transaction  

As described above
in  Recent Developments,  on March 29, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge
Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( BRHC ) which was recently formed by the Company to contribute
and assign to BRHC, all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets)
(the  Assets ), (ii) outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and
Cadence Bank, N.A. ( Cadence ), as lender (the  Cadence Credit Facility ) and the outstanding balances
under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and the several banks and other financial institutions or
entities from time to time parties thereto (the  Chambers ), and Chambers, as administrative agent (the  Chambers
Credit Facility ) and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets, in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding
Class A Units (the  Class A Units ) in BRHC (the  Asset Contribution ). On March 29, 2016, affiliates of
Chambers Energy Management, LP ( Chambers ) (specifically, Chambers Energy Capital II, LP and CEC II TE, LLC (collectively,
the  Chambers Affiliates )) entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates, pursuant
to which BRHC will issue a number of Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in
exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers Credit Facility (the  Satisfaction of Debt  and,
together with the Asset Contribution, the  BRHC Transaction ). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt, each warrant
originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction
was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the
Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence s consent, and BRHC and Cadence entering into any
applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended
December 31, 2015 and quarter ending March 31, 2016.  On June 21, 2016, the Company satisfied all of
these conditions and the BRHC Transaction has been consummated. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction, the Asset Contribution
and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective as of April 1, 2016.  

The terms of the Class
A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the  LLC Agreement ), which became
effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property, and whether upon liquidation
or otherwise, will be made as follows: 

First, 100% to the Class A Members, pro rata, until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then
Class A Preference, which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.  

Second, 90% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 10% to the Class B Members, pro rata, until such time as the aggregate distributions
to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution of its Class A Units.  

Third, 80% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 20% to the Class B Members, pro rata.  

BRHC will be managed
by the BRHC Board, which will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management, oversight and
disposition of the assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board will be comprised of three managers, consisting of two managers appointed
by Chambers and one member from the Company. 

In addition, under
the LLC Agreement, Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the  Chambers Investment Commitment ) to
BRHC in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing, Chambers funded $10 million (the  Initial Chambers Investment ) of
the Chambers Investment Commitment, the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under
the Cadence Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the  Subsequent Chambers Investment ),
subject to certain conditions, may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
 BRHC Board ). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the  Investment Period ). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment. 

The Company was granted
1,000,000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC s Board of Managers,
the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC, and in turn, the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain
members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions, the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in
any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to
the holders of Class A Units of BRHC. 

At the closing of the
BRHC Transaction, the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement,
the Company provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC, including but not limited to locating, investigating
and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company is paid
a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain
third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continues
indefinitely, unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement provides termination provisions upon reasonable notice for both
the BRHC and the Company as well as upon a change of control, provided that if the Management Services Agreement is terminated
before December 31, 2016 that BRHC shall pay the Company a termination fee equal to the amount that would have been paid if the
Management Services Agreement was in place until December 31, 2016. 

The Company believes
that the BRHC Transaction and related actions will allow the Company to continue as a manager of the oil and gas assets in which
we will continue to have an indirect minority interest. In addition, it will give us the flexibility to pursue distressed asset
acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks formation that may be acquired with capital from our secured lenders as part of the
restructuring terms, existing joint venture partners or other capital providers. 

The summaries of the
LLC Agreement, Management Services Agreement, Asset Contribution Agreement, and Debt Contribution Agreement above do not purport
to be complete and are qualified by reference to the LLC Agreement, Management Services Agreement, Asset Contribution Agreement,
and Debt Contribution Agreement which are filed as exhibits to the Company's Information Statement filed on Form Schedule 14C. 

Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facilities  

The Company, as
borrower, entered into a Credit Agreement dated August 8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013,
March 24, 2014, April 21, 2014, September 11, 2014, March 30, 2015 and August 10,
2015 (as amended, the  Senior Credit Agreement   ) with Cadence Bank, N.A. ( Cadence ), as
lender (the  Senior Credit Facility ). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement, a senior secured revolving
line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50 million is available from time to time (i) for direct
investment in oil and gas properties, (ii) for general working capital purposes, including the issuance of letters of credit,
and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company s former credit facility. 

Availability under
the Senior Credit Facility was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base, determined by Cadence in a manner consistent
with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and was
subject to periodic redeterminations.. Subject to availability under the borrowing base, the Company could borrow, repay and re-borrow
funds in amounts of $250,000 or more. At the Company s election, the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the
Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable
margin, which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable
margin, which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for
LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay a quarterly fee
of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base, as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions
to the borrowing base. 

The Senior Credit Facility s
maturity date of August 8, 2016, was subsequently amended to January 15, 2017 pursuant to the amendment on
March 30, 2015. The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time, and could prepay the entire
amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days  notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility was secured by first
priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company s assets, including but not limited to the Company s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana. 

As part of the debt
restructuring outline in Note 4   Debt Restructuring, the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of
$29,400,000 under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75 million outstanding under the Senior
Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2015. 

Subordinated Credit Facility  

The Company, as borrower,
entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August 8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013,
March 24, 2014, April 21, 2014, September 11, 2014, March 30, 2015, and August 10, 2015
(as amended, the  Subordinated Credit Agreement ) by and among the Company, as borrower, Chambers Energy Management,
LP, as administrative agent ( Chambers ), and the several other lenders named therein (the  Subordinated Credit
Facility ). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility, term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million
were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility, (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with
both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together, the  Credit Facilities ), and (iii)
general corporate purposes. 

The Subordinated Credit
Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25 million, which was subsequently amended to the current availability
of $30 million, with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company
could borrow the available commitments in amounts of $5 million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more
than once a month, provided that the initial draw was at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were
funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at
the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the
greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01
as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK
Interest Rate was equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to
pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50,000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum
on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment. 

The Subordinated Credit
Facility matured on June 30, 2017. Upon at least three business days  written notice, the Company could prepay
the entire amount under the loans, together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the
funding date, as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility, would be accompanied by a make-whole amount, as defined in the Subordinated
Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by an applicable premium,
as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on
substantially all of the Company s assets, including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana. 

The first funding from
the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September 9, 2013 at which time we drew $14,700,000, net of a $300,000 original
issue discount, from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10,226,057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously
outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14,700,000, net of $300,000 original issue discounts, through
December 31, 2015. The Company had borrowings of $30.0 million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015.
The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility, $30.0 million of principal and $2,931,369 of PIK interest payable, were
transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4- Debt Restructuring. 

Intercreditor Agreements and Covenants  

Cadence and Chambers
had entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8, 2013 (the  Intercreditor Agreement ). The Intercreditor
Agreement provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were
subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights,
obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders
under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens. 

The Credit Facilities,
as amended, required customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies
operating in the oil and gas industry, as well as customary events of default. Furthermore, the Credit Facilities contain financial
covenants that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement required the Company
to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated
working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to
1.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015
and June 30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December 31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a ratio of current assets, including debt facility available to be drawn,
to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter ending June 30, 2014, which was waived, (iii)
a net debt to EBITDAX, as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement, ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2014,
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended
December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ended March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2015, and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2016 and thereafter, in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis, (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, and
(v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain,
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015
and June 30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December 31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount
of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2014,
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December 31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September 30, 2015, and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2015, and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2016 and thereafter, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, (iii)
a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to
1.0, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current
liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter ending June 30, 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition, each
of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter into hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from currently
producing wells as agreed to by the lenders. 

Covenant Violations  

The Company was out
of compliance with the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the current ratio covenant
as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31, 2016. Additionally, the audit report the Company received with respect
to its financial statements as of December 31, 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, the delivery of which constitutes a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility. See Note 3,  Going Concern , for additional information. The Company received a waiver for all debt
covenants as of December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4   Debt Restructuring. 

Debt Discount, Detachable Warrants  

In connection with
the Subordinated Credit Facility, the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8, 2018. Proceeds
from the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance, resulting in
a debt discount of $2,473,576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using
the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. A total of $-0- and
$321,763 was amortized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The remaining unamortized balance of the
debt discount attributable to the warrants is $-0- as of September 30, 2016. The amortization of the debt discount attributable
to the warrants was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31, 2015 when the related debt became payable
on demand due to a default on the related debt. As part of the debt restructuring all related warrants were retired and cancelled. 

Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months   

As of September 30, 2016,
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $57,366 and we had $77,801 of working capital. Following the close of the BRHC Transaction,
our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months is through the terms of our management agreement. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our management s
discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial
statements required us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on our historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
and experiences may differ materially from these estimates. 

Our critical accounting
policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the footnotes to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q,
and Note 2 of the footnotes to the financial statements provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 

Commodity Price Risk  

Prior to the BRHC Transaction,
the prices we received for our crude oil and natural gas production heavily influenced our revenue, profitability, access to capital
and future rate of growth. Crude oil and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations
in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the markets for crude oil and natural gas have been
volatile, and these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we received for our production depended
on numerous factors beyond our control. Our revenue generally increased or decreased along with any increases or decreases in crude
oil or natural gas prices, but the impact on our income was indeterminable given the variety of expenses associated with producing
and selling crude oil that also increase and decrease along with crude oil prices. 

Those same commodity
price risks heavily influence the profitability and access to capital in the companies we currently or will manage through management
service agreements, thus affecting their ability to pay for the services we currently or are working to provide in the future.
Thus commodity price risk continues to be a factor affecting our future profitability. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our management, under
the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as
of September 30, 2016. As part of such evaluation, management considered the matters discussed below relating to internal control
over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation our management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30,
2016 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed, summarized and
reported on a timely basis. 

There
have been no  changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three month period ended
September 30, 2016 that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

Other than routine
legal proceedings incident to our business, there are no material legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of
our property is subject. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.  

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS . 

Exhibit  
       
      Description   
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. on December 12, 2012)   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. on December 12, 2012)   
 
      31.1*  
       
      Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
 
      32.2*  
       
      Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Labels Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document   

*Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BLACK RIDGE OIL   GAS, INC.  

Dated: November 7, 2016  
     By: 
      /s/ Kenneth DeCubellis   

Kenneth DeCubellis, Chief Executive
Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated:
November 7, 2016 
     By: 
      /s/ James A.
    Moe   

James A. Moe, Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 3
 blackridge_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Kenneth DeCubellis, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form
10-Q of Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kenneth DeCubellis                                                 

 Kenneth DeCubellis, Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 blackridge_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, James A. Moe, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form
10-Q of Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc.;  

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ James A. Moe                                                 

 James A. Moe, Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 blackridge_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, Kenneth DeCubellis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kenneth DeCubellis                                       

 Kenneth DeCubellis, Chief Executive Officer 

This certification
accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 blackridge_10q-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Black Ridge Oil   Gas, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 (the  Report ) I, James A. Moe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated: November 7, 2016 

/s/ James A. Moe                                                 

 James A. Moe, Chief Financial Officer 

This certification
accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 brog-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 brog-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 brog-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 brog-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 brog-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 brog-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

