<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-Q_edgar_data_1353283_0001353283-16-000053_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6131300</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249381</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>308963</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2194467</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2360639</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>875171</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001353283-16-000053.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209161530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001353283-16-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPLUNK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				861106510
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35498
		FILM NUMBER:		162044221

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 BRANNAN STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-848-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 BRANNAN STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001353283-16-000053.txt : 20161209

10-Q
 1
 a1031201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
     (MARK ONE) 
    
             QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   OCTOBER 31, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
  o             TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM              TO 
    
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-35498 
   ____________________________________________________ 
    
  SPLUNK INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  _____________________________________________________ 
                   Delaware 
      
    86-1106510 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

250 Brannan Street 
  San Francisco, California 94107 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (Zip Code) 
    
  (415) 848-8400 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES       NO   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES   o   NO     
    
  There were 135,660,772 shares of the registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding as of   December 1, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
  No. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2016 and January 31, 2016  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  
    2 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    16 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    31 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    32 
        
     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    32 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    34 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    55 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    56 
        
     Signatures  
    58 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
     Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Splunk Inc. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

Splunk Inc. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

(1)        Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

Splunk Inc. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Splunk Inc. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

(1)  Description of the Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Business 
    
  Splunk Inc. ( we,   us,   our ) provides innovative software solutions that enable organizations to gain real-time operational intelligence by harnessing the value of their data. Our offerings enable users to collect, index, search, explore, monitor and analyze data regardless of format or source. Our offerings address large and diverse data sets, commonly referred to as big data, and are specifically tailored for machine data. Machine data is produced by nearly every software application and electronic device and contains a definitive, time-stamped record of various activities, such as transactions, customer and user activities and security threats. Our offerings help users derive new insights from machine data that can be used to, among other things, improve service levels, reduce operational costs, mitigate security risks, demonstrate and maintain compliance, and drive better business decisions. We were incorporated in California in October 2003 and reincorporated in Delaware in May 2006. 
    
  Fiscal Year 
    
  Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2017 or fiscal year 2017, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2017. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of   January 31, 2016   was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016  , filed with the SEC on   March 30, 2016  . There have been no changes in the significant accounting policies from those that were disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to state fairly the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-16 (Topic 740), Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The new standard will require companies to recognize, as opposed to defer, the tax effects from intercompany transfers of certain assets when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2019, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating adoption methods and whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 (Topic 326), Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. The amendments in this update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at an amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The new approach to estimating credit losses (referred to as the current expected credit losses model) applies to most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, loans and held-to-maturity debt securities. The standard is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2021, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating adoption methods and whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 (Topic 718), Compensation - Stock Compensation, which has been issued as part of its Simplification Initiative. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2018, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating adoption methods and whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 (Topic 842), Leases, which supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases. The standard requires an entity to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from a lease for operating leases, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The impact of such leases on the condensed consolidated statement of operations and cash flows will continue to be treated in a similar manner under current GAAP. The standard also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The standard is effective for our first quarter of fiscal 2020, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating adoption methods and whether this standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 (Topic 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605, Revenue Recognition and establishes a new revenue standard. This ASU is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations, which clarifies the guidance in the new revenue standard on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction. This conclusion impacts whether an entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies the guidance in the new revenue standard regarding an entity s identification of its performance obligations in a contract. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which amends the guidance in the new revenue standard on collectibility, non-cash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The new revenue standard, as amended by ASU No. 2015-14, is effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. We currently anticipate adopting the standard using the cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than the original effective date for annual and interim periods. While we are still evaluating the total impact of the new revenue standard, we believe the adoption of this new standard will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements, including the way we account for arrangements involving a term license. Under the new revenue standard, we would be required to recognize term license revenues upfront and the associated maintenance revenues over the contract period. Under the current revenue standard, we recognize both the term license and maintenance revenues ratably over the contract period. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods covered by the financial statements and accompanying notes. In particular, we make estimates with respect to the fair value of multiple elements in revenue recognition, uncollectible accounts receivable, the assessment of the useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets (property and equipment, goodwill and identified intangibles), stock-based compensation expense, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations, income taxes and contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Segments 
    
    We operate our business as   one   operating segment: the development and marketing of software solutions that enable our customers to gain real-time operational intelligence by harnessing the value of their data. Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Splunk Inc. and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Foreign Currency 
       
  The functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries are their respective local currencies. Translation adjustments arising from the use of differing exchange rates from period to period are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss within the condensed consolidated statement of stockholders  equity. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in Other income (expense), net and were not material for the three and nine months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  . All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. 
    
  Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
  We use foreign currency forward contracts as a part of our strategy to manage exposure related to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. These contracts typically have maturities of one month. They are not designated as cash flow or fair value hedges under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. These contracts hedge assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies and are carried at fair value as either assets or liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets with changes in the fair value recorded to Other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
    Investments 
    
  We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such determination at each balance sheet date. Securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Declines in fair value judged to be other-than-temporary on securities available for sale are included as a component of investment income. In order to determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary, we evaluate, among other factors, the duration and extent to which the fair value has been less than the carrying value and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available-for-sale is included as a component of Interest income, net. 
    
    Business Combinations 
    
  We use our best estimates and assumptions to allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. We continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates and assumptions quarterly and record any adjustments to our preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that we are within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed during the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

(2)  Investments and Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The carrying amounts of certain of our financial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities.  
    
  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the financial statements are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Hierarchical levels that are directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to the valuation of these assets or liabilities are as follows: 
    
  Level 1 Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. 
    
  The following table sets forth the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities that were measured on a recurring basis as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016   (in thousands):  

Our investments in money market funds are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These money market funds are actively traded and reported daily through a variety of sources. The fair value of the money market fund investments is classified as Level 1. 
    
  The following table represents our investments in U.S. treasury securities, which we have classified as available-for-sale investments as of   October 31, 2016   (in thousands):  

As of   October 31, 2016  , the following marketable securities were in an unrealized loss position (in thousands): 

As of   October 31, 2016  , we did not consider any of our investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired.  
    
  The contractual maturities of our investments in U.S. treasury securities are as follows (in thousands): 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Investments with maturities of less than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as current assets, which are available for use to fund current operations. Investments with maturities greater than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as long-term assets.  
    
  Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Using Significant Unobservable Inputs 
    
  During fiscal 2016, we made an investment in the form of a convertible promissory note in a privately-held company that we have classified as an available-for-sale investment, which is included in investments, non-current, on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During fiscal 2017, we made an additional   $1.5 million   convertible promissory note investment in this privately-held company. These investments are recorded at fair value using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of quoted prices in active markets and inherent lack of liquidity. Unrealized gains and losses on our available-for-sale investments are excluded from earnings and reported, net of tax, as a separate component on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). During the nine months ended October 31, 2016, we have not recognized any unrealized gains or losses or an other-than-temporary impairment charge on these investments. The carrying value of these investments were   $3.0 million   and   $1.5 million   as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively. 

(3)  Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Operating Lease Commitments 
    
  We lease our office spaces under non-cancelable leases and rent expense associated with our operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense for our operating leases was   $6.0 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $12.7 million   and   $8.9 million   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  On August 24, 2015, we entered into an office lease for approximately   235,000   square feet located at 3098 Olsen Drive, San Jose, California. Rent expense for this lease commenced in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Our total obligation for the base rent is approximately   $120.5 million  .  
    
  The following summarizes our operating lease commitments as of   October 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

_________________________ 
   (1)    We entered into sublease agreements for portions of our office space and the future rental income of   $1.2 million   from these agreements has been included as an offset to our future minimum rental payments. 
    
  Financing Lease Obligation 
    
  On April 29, 2014, we entered into an office lease (the  Lease ) for approximately   182,000   square feet located at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California (the  Premises ) for a term of   84   months. Our total obligation for the base rent is approximately   $92.0 million  . On May 13, 2014, we entered into an irrevocable, standby letter of credit with Silicon Valley Bank for   $6.0 million   to serve as a security deposit for the Lease.  
    
  As a result of our involvement during the construction period, whereby we had certain indemnification obligations related to the construction, we were considered for accounting purposes only, the owner of the construction project under build-to-suit lease accounting. We have recorded estimated project construction costs incurred by the landlord as an asset and a corresponding long term liability in  Property and equipment, net  and  Other liabilities, non-current,  respectively, on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the construction period, we increased the asset and corresponding long term liability as additional building costs were incurred by the landlord. The landlord completed the construction of the Premises in February 2016 and we have determined that the lease does not meet the criteria for  sale-leaseback  treatment, due to our  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

continuing involvement in the project resulting from our standby letter of credit. Accordingly, the Lease will continue to be accounted for as a financing obligation. 
    
  As of   October 31, 2016  , future payments on the financing lease obligation are as follows (in thousands): 

Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are subject to certain routine legal and regulatory proceedings, as well as demands and claims that arise in the normal course of our business. We make a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. In our opinion, resolution of any pending claims (either individually or in the aggregate) is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our condensed consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, nor is it possible to provide an estimated amount of any such loss. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect our future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter. 
    
  Indemnification Arrangements 
    
  During the ordinary course of business, we may indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse for losses suffered or incurred, our customers, vendors and their affiliates for certain intellectual property infringement and other claims by third parties with respect to our offerings, in connection with our commercial license arrangements or related to general business dealings with those parties. 
    
  As permitted under Delaware law, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers, directors and certain employees, indemnifying them for certain events or occurrences while they serve as our officers or directors or those of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
    
  To date, there have not been any costs incurred in connection with such indemnification obligations; therefore, there is no accrual of such amounts at   October 31, 2016  . We are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnifications on our future results of operations. 

(4)  Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. These assets are depreciated and amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

_________________________  
   (1)    Includes costs related to assets not yet placed into service of   $16.4 million   and   $28.9 million  , as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively. 
   (2)    This relates to the capitalization of construction costs in connection with our build-to-suit lease obligation, where we are considered the owner of the asset, for accounting purposes only. There is a corresponding long-term liability for this asset on our condensed consolidated balance sheets under  Other liabilities, non-current.  Refer to Note 3  Commitments and Contingencies  for details.  
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense on Property and Equipment, net was   $5.3 million   and   $2.5 million   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $13.7 million   and   $7.4 million   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

(5)  Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
    
  Metafor Software 
       
  On June 23, 2015, we acquired   100%   of the voting equity interest of Metafor Software Inc. ( Metafor Software ), a privately-held British Columbia corporation, which develops technology that provides anomaly detection and behavioral analytics for IT operations. This acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The purchase price of   $16.4 million  , paid in cash, was allocated as follows:   $2.7 million   to identifiable intangible assets,   $0.5 million   to net assets acquired and   $0.1 million   to net deferred tax assets, with the excess   $13.1 million   of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our   one   operating segment.  
    
    Caspida 
    
    On July 9, 2015, we acquired   100%   of the voting equity interest of Caspida, Inc. ( Caspida ), a privately-held Delaware corporation, which develops technology that provides behavioral analytics to help detect, respond to and mitigate advanced security threats and insider security threats. This acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The purchase price of   $128.4 million  , paid in cash, was allocated as follows:   $45.8 million   to identifiable intangible assets,   $11.4 million   to net deferred tax liability and   $1.2 million   to net assets acquired, with the excess   $92.8 million   of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our   one   operating segment.  
    
  Per the terms of the merger agreement with Caspida, certain unvested shares of stock and unvested stock options held by Caspida employees were canceled and exchanged for unvested restricted stock units and replacement stock options to purchase shares of our common stock under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. Additionally, certain shares of stock held by key employees of Caspida were canceled and exchanged for unregistered restricted shares of our common stock subject to vesting. The fair value of   $61.6 million   of these issued awards, which are subject to the recipient's continued service with us and thus excluded from the purchase price, is recognized ratably as stock-based compensation expense over the required service period. 
    
  Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
    
  The following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition of Caspida had been completed on February 1, 2014. The unaudited pro forma results include: (i) amortization associated with preliminary estimates for the acquired intangible assets; (ii) recognition of post-acquisition stock-based compensation; and (iii) the associated tax impact on these unaudited pro forma adjustments. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

The unaudited pro forma results do not reflect any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies or the effect of the incremental costs incurred in integrating the   two   companies. Accordingly, these unaudited pro forma results are presented for informational purpose only and are not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations of the combined company would have been if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the period presented, nor are they indicative of future results of operations (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Goodwill 
    
  Goodwill balances are presented below (in thousands): 

Intangible Assets 
    
  Intangible assets subject to amortization obtained from acquisitions as of   October 31, 2016   are as follows (in thousands, except useful life): 

Additionally, we obtained   $1.3 million   of in-process research and development upon the acquisition of Caspida, which has an indefinite useful life. We will assess the carrying value and useful life of the asset once the associated research and development efforts are completed. 
    
  Amortization expense from acquired intangible assets was $  3.0 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $9.2 million   and   $6.1 million   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
       
  The expected future amortization expense for acquired intangible assets as of   October 31, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

12 

     Table of Contents  

(6)  Debt Financing Facilities 
    
  On May 9, 2013 we entered into a Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, which was most recently amended in May 2015. As amended, the agreement provides for a revolving line of credit facility, which expires May 9, 2017. Under the agreement, we are able to borrow up to   $25 million  . Interest on any drawdown under the revolving line of credit accrues either at the prime rate (  3.50%   in October 2016) or the LIBOR rate plus   2.75%  . As of   October 31, 2016  , we had   no   balance outstanding under this agreement. The agreement contains customary financial covenants and other affirmative and negative covenants. We were in compliance with all covenants as of   October 31, 2016  . 

(7)  Stock Compensation Plans 
    
  The following table summarizes the stock option, restricted stock unit ( RSU ) and performance unit ( PSU ) award activity during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  :  

_________________________  
   (1)    The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option award and the closing market price of our common stock as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  Beginning in fiscal 2016, we granted PSUs to certain executives under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of PSUs earned and eligible to vest will be determined after a one-year performance period, based on achievement of certain company financial performance measures and the recipient's continued service with us. The number of shares of our stock to be received at vesting can range from   0%   to   200%   of the target amount. Compensation expense for PSUs is measured using the fair value at the date of grant and recorded over the vesting period under the graded-vesting attribution method, and may be adjusted over the vesting period based on interim estimates of performance against the pre-set objectives.  
    
  During the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  ,   $0.6 million   of tax benefits have been realized from exercised stock options. At   October 31, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost related to these stock options was   $2.7 million  , adjusted for estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.7 years  . At   October 31, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost was   $548.4 million   related to RSUs, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized over the next   2.5 years  . At   October 31, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost was   $19.2 million   related to PSUs, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized over the next   3.1 years  . Additionally, during fiscal 2016, we issued   671,782   restricted shares of our common stock ( RSAs ) and at   October 31, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost was   $15.4 million   related to RSAs, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized over the next   2.2 years  . At   October 31, 2016  ,   403,719   RSAs were vested and   268,063   RSAs were outstanding. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   was   $67.8 million  . The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted was   $53.18   per share for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  .  The weighted-average grant date fair value of PSUs granted was   49.25   per share for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  . The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSAs granted was   $69.00   per share during fiscal 2016. No RSAs were granted during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  . 

(8)  Geographic Information 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Revenues by geography are based on the shipping address of the customer. The following table presents our revenues by geographic region for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Other than the United States, no other individual country exceeded   10%   of total revenues during any of the periods presented. One channel partner represented approximately   27%   and   11%   of total revenues during the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and approximately   25%   of total revenues during the nine months ended   October 31, 2016  . A second channel partner represented approximately   21%   of total revenues during the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and approximately   18%   and   15%   of total revenues during the nine months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The revenues from these channel partners are comprised of a number of customer transactions, none of which were individually greater than 10% of total revenues for the three months or nine months ended   October 31, 2016   or   2015  .  
    
  At   October 31, 2016  ,   one   channel partner represented   29%   and another channel partner represented   12%   of total accounts receivable. At   January 31, 2016  , one channel partner represented   26%   and one customer represented   16%   of total accounts receivable.  
    
  Property and Equipment 
    
  The following table presents our property and equipment by geographic region for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Other than the United States, no other country represented   10%   or more of our total property and equipment as of   October 31, 2016   or   January 31, 2016  .   

(9)  Income Taxes 
    
  For the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded   $1.4 million   and   $0.7 million   in income tax expense, respectively. The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to an increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions. For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded   $3.7 million   in income tax expense and   $8.8 million   in income tax benefit, respectively. The increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to the absence of the partial release of the valuation allowance as a result of a prior year acquisition and an increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions. We recorded income taxes that were principally attributable to foreign and state taxes. 
    
  During the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , there were no material changes to our unrecognized tax benefits, and we do not expect to have any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits through the end of the fiscal year. Because of our history of tax losses, all years remain open to tax audit. 

14 

Table of Contents  

(10)  Net Loss Per Share 
    
  Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, less the weighted-average unvested common stock subject to repurchase or forfeiture. Diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potential shares of common stock, including preferred stock, stock options, RSUs, PSUs and RSAs to the extent dilutive. 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of historical basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data): 

Since we were in a net loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share for all periods as the inclusion of all potential common shares outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive securities that were not included in the diluted per share calculations because they would be anti-dilutive were as follows (in thousands): 

(11)  Related Party Transactions 
    
  Certain members of our board of directors ( Board ) serve on the board of directors of and/or are executive officers of, and, in some cases, are investors in, companies that are customers or vendors of ours. Certain of our executive officers also serve on the board of directors of companies that are customers or vendors of ours. All contracts with related parties are executed in the ordinary course of business. We recognized revenues from sales to these companies of   $2.4 million   and   $1.2 million   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $4.8 million   and   $3.7 million   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We recorded no expenses related to purchases from these companies during the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   $0.5 million   in expenses related to purchases from these companies during the   three months ended October 31, 2015  . We recorded   $0.2 million   and   $1.6 million   in expenses related to purchases from these companies during the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We had   $0.1 million   and   $0.5 million   of accounts receivable from these companies as of   October 31, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively. There were no accounts payable to these companies as of   October 31, 2016   or   January 31, 2016  . 

15 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following     discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to,  anticipate,   believe,   can,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would  and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our market opportunity, our future financial and operating results; our planned investments, particularly in our product development efforts; our planned expansion of our sales and marketing organization; our expectation that we will continue to use acquisitions to contribute to our growth objectives; our growth and product integration strategies; our continued efforts to market and sell both domestically and internationally; our expectations about seasonal trends; our expectations regarding our revenues mix; our expectations regarding our cost of revenues and gross margin; use of non-GAAP (as defined below) financial measures; our expectations regarding our operating expenses, including increases in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses; our expectations regarding our capital expenditures; sufficiency of cash to meet cash needs for at least the next 12 months; exposure to interest rate changes; inflation; anticipated income tax rates; our expectations regarding our leases; exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to manage such exposure; and our expected cash flows and liquidity. 
    
  These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  included under Part II, Item 1A below. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. 

Overview 
    
  Splunk provides innovative software solutions that enable organizations to gain real-time operational intelligence by harnessing the value of their data. Our offerings enable users to collect, index, search, explore, monitor and analyze data regardless of format or source. Our offerings address large and diverse data sets, commonly referred to as big data, and are specifically tailored for machine data. Machine data is produced by nearly every software application and electronic device and contains a definitive, time-stamped record of various activities, such as transactions, customer and user activities, and security threats. Beyond an organization s traditional information technology ( IT ) and security infrastructure, every processor-based system, including HVAC controllers, many manufacturing systems, smart electrical meters, GPS devices and radio-frequency identification tags, and many consumer-oriented systems, such as electronic wearables, mobile devices, automobiles and medical devices that contain embedded processor chips, are also continuously generating machine data. Our offerings help organizations gain value from all of these different sources and forms of machine data.  
    
  We believe the market for products that provide operational intelligence presents a substantial opportunity as data grows in volume and diversity, creating new risks, opportunities and challenges for organizations. Since our inception, we have invested a substantial amount of resources developing our offerings to address this market, specifically with respect to machine data. 
    
  Our offerings are designed to deliver rapid return-on-investment for our customers. They generally do not require customization, long deployment cycles or extensive professional services commonly associated with traditional enterprise software applications. For Splunk Enterprise, users can simply download and install the software, typically in a matter of hours, to connect to their relevant machine data sources. Alternatively, they can sign up for our Splunk Cloud service and avoid the need to provision, deploy and manage internal infrastructure. They can also provision a compute instance on Amazon Web Services via a pre-built Amazon Machine Image, which delivers a pre-configured virtual machine instance with our Splunk Enterprise software. We also offer support, training and professional services to our customers to assist in the deployment of our software.  

16 

     Table of Contents  

For Splunk Enterprise, we base our license fees on the estimated daily data indexing capacity our customers require. Prospective customers can download a free 60-day trial of Splunk Enterprise, which converts into a limited free perpetual license of up to 500 megabytes of data per day. A majority of our license revenues consist of revenues from perpetual licenses, whereby we generally recognize the license fee portion of these arrangements upfront. As a result, the timing of when we enter into large perpetual licenses may lead to fluctuations in our revenues and operating results because our expenses are largely fixed in the short-term. Additionally, we license our software under term licenses, which are generally recognized ratably over the contract term. From time to time, we also enter into transactions that are designed to enable broad adoption of our software within an enterprise, referred to as enterprise adoption agreements. These agreements often include provisions that require revenue deferral and recognition over time. 
    
  Our Splunk Cloud service delivers the core functionalities of Splunk Enterprise as a scalable, reliable cloud service. Splunk Cloud customers pay an annual subscription fee based on the combination of the volume of data indexed per day and the length of the data retention period. Our product, Hunk: Splunk Analytics for Hadoop, is a software product that enables exploration, analysis and visualization of data in Hadoop. Splunk Light provides log search and analysis that is designed and priced and packaged for small IT environments. Splunk Enterprise Security addresses emerging security threats and SIEM use cases through monitoring, alerts and analytics. Splunk User Behavior Analytics detects cyber-attacks and insider threats using data science, machine learning and advanced correlation. Splunk IT Service Intelligence monitors the health and key performance indicators of critical IT services.  
    
  We intend to continue investing for long-term growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest heavily in our product development efforts to deliver additional compelling features, address customer needs and enable solutions that can address new end markets. For example, during fiscal 2017, we released new versions of our existing products such as Splunk Enterprise and Splunk Enterprise Security. In addition, we expect to continue to aggressively expand our sales and marketing organizations to market and sell our software both in the United States and internationally. We have utilized and expect to continue to utilize acquisitions to contribute to our long-term growth objectives. In June 2015, we acquired Metafor Software, a privately-held British Columbia corporation, which developed technology that provides anomaly detection and behavioral analytics for IT operations. In July 2015, we acquired Caspida, a privately-held Delaware corporation, which developed technology that provides behavioral analytics to help detect, respond to and mitigate advanced security and insider security threats.  
    
  Our goal is to make our software the platform for delivering operational intelligence and real-time business insights from machine data. The key elements of our growth strategy are to: 

Extend our technological capabilities. 

Continue to expand our direct and indirect sales organization, including our channel relationships, to increase our sales capacity and enable greater market presence. 

Further penetrate our existing customer base and drive enterprise-wide adoption. 

Enhance our value proposition through a focus on solutions which address core and expanded use cases. 

Grow our user communities and partner ecosystem to increase awareness of our brand, target new use cases, drive operational leverage and deliver more targeted, higher value solutions. 

Continue to deliver a rich developer environment to enable rapid development of enterprise applications that leverage machine data and the Splunk platform. 
       
  We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our goals include, among other things, our ability to deliver new products as well as additional product functionality; acquire new customers across geographies and industries; cultivate incremental sales from our existing customers by driving increased use of our software within organizations; provide additional solutions that leverage our core machine data platform to help organizations understand and realize the value of their machine data in specific end markets and use cases; add additional OEM and strategic relationships to enable new sales channels for our software as well as extend our integration with third party products; help software developers leverage the functionality of our machine data platform through software development kits and application programming interfaces; and successfully identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses and technologies. 
    
  Financial Summary 

17 

     Table of Contents  

For the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our total revenues were   $244.8 million   and   $174.4 million  , respectively. For the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   22%   and   23%   of our total revenues, respectively, were derived from customers located outside the United States. Our customers and end-users represent the public sector and a wide variety of industries, including financial services, manufacturing, retail and technology, among others. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had over   12,000   customers, including   85   or more of the Fortune 100 companies. 
    
  For the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our GAAP operating loss was   $91.0 million   and   $72.3 million  , respectively.  Our non-GAAP operating income was   $16.7 million   and   $6.6 million   for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  For the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , our GAAP net loss was   $93.5 million   and   $73.0 million  , respectively.  Our non-GAAP net income was   $16.3 million   and   $6.0 million   for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Our quarterly results reflect seasonality in the sale of our offerings. Historically, a pattern of increased license sales in the fourth fiscal quarter as a result of industry buying patterns has positively impacted sales activity in that period, which can result in lower sequential revenues in the following first fiscal quarter. Our gross margins and operating losses have been affected by these historical trends because the majority of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term. The majority of our expenses are personnel-related and include salaries, stock-based compensation, benefits and incentive-based compensation plan expenses. As a result, we have not experienced significant seasonal fluctuations in the timing of expenses from period to period. 

Non-GAAP Financial Results 
    
  To supplement our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we provide investors with certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP cost of revenues, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP research and development expense, non-GAAP sales and marketing expense, non-GAAP general and administrative expense, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income (loss) and non-GAAP net income (loss) per share (collectively the  non-GAAP financial measures ). These non-GAAP financial measures exclude all or a combination of the following (as reflected in the following reconciliation tables): stock-based compensation expense, employer payroll tax expense related to employee stock plans, amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, adjustments related to a financing lease obligation and the partial release of the valuation allowance due to acquisition. The adjustments for the financing lease obligation are to reflect the expense we would have recorded if our build-to-suit lease arrangement had been deemed an operating lease instead of a financing lease and is calculated as the net of actual ground lease expense, depreciation and interest expense over estimated straight-line rent expense. In addition, non-GAAP financial measures include free cash flow, which represents cash from operations less purchases of property and equipment. The presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making purposes and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our operating results, enhance the overall understanding of past financial performance and future prospects and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in our financial and operational decision making. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate comparisons to competitors  operating results. 
    
  We exclude stock-based compensation expense because it is non-cash in nature and excluding this expense provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operational performance. In particular, because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types that companies can use under FASB ASC Topic 718, we believe that providing non-GAAP financial measures that exclude this expense allows investors the ability to make more meaningful comparisons between our operating results and those of other companies. We exclude employer payroll tax expense related to employee stock plans in order for investors to see the full effect that excluding that stock-based compensation expense had on our operating results. These expenses are tied to the exercise or vesting of underlying equity awards and the price of our common stock at the time of vesting or exercise, which may vary from period to period independent of the operating performance of our business. We also exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, the partial release of the valuation allowance due to acquisition and make adjustments related to a financing lease obligation from our non-GAAP financial measures because these are considered by management to be outside of our core operating results. Accordingly, we believe that excluding these expenses provides investors and management with greater visibility to the underlying performance of our business operations, facilitates comparison of our results with other periods and may also facilitate comparison with the results of other companies in our industry. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

business that can be used for strategic opportunities, including investing in our business, making strategic acquisitions and strengthening our balance sheet. 
    
  There are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by our competitors and exclude expenses that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. Further, stock-based compensation expense has been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of the compensation provided to our employees. The non-GAAP financial measures are meant to supplement and be viewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures. 
    
  The following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow for the three and   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , and   2015   (in thousands): 

The following table reconciles our GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

_________________________ 
   (1)    GAAP net loss per share calculated based on   134,677   weighted-average shares of common stock. Non-GAAP net income per share calculated based on 138,401 diluted weighted-average shares of common stock, which includes 3,724 potentially dilutive shares related to employee stock awards. GAAP to Non-GAAP net income (loss) per share is not reconciled due to the difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted weighted-average shares of common stock.   
   (2)    Includes $2.1 million of interest expense related to the financing lease obligation. 
    
  The following table reconciles our GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the   three months ended October 31, 2015   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

_________________________ 
   (1)    GAAP net loss per share calculated based on   128,368   weighted-average shares of common stock. Non-GAAP net income per share calculated based on     132,675     diluted weighted-average shares of common stock, which includes   4,307   potentially dilutive shares related to employee stock awards. GAAP to Non-GAAP net income (loss) per share is not reconciled due to the difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted weighted-average shares of common stock.   
    
  The following table reconciles our GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

_________________________ 
   (1)    GAAP net loss per share calculated based on   133,273   weighted-average shares of common stock. Non-GAAP net income per share calculated based on 136,690 diluted weighted-average shares of common stock, which includes 3,417 potentially dilutive shares related to employee stock awards. GAAP to Non-GAAP net income (loss) per share is not reconciled due to the difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted weighted-average shares of common stock.   
   (2)    Includes $5.6 million of interest expense related to the financing lease obligation. 
    
  The following table reconciles our GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the   nine months ended October 31, 2015   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

_________________________ 
   (1)    GAAP net loss per share calculated based on   126,534   weighted-average shares of common stock. Non-GAAP net income per share calculated based on     131,693     diluted weighted-average shares of common stock, which includes   5,159   potentially dilutive shares related to employee stock awards. GAAP to Non-GAAP net income (loss) per share is not reconciled due to the difference in the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted weighted-average shares of common stock.   
   (2)    Includes   $10.9 million   related to the partial release of the valuation allowance due to acquisition. 

Components of Operating Results 
    
  Revenues 
    
  License revenues.    License revenues reflect the revenues recognized from sales of licenses to new customers and additional licenses to existing customers. We are focused on acquiring new customers and increasing revenues from our existing customers as they realize the value of our software by indexing higher volumes of machine data and expanding the use of our software through additional use cases and broader deployment within their organizations. A majority of our license revenues consists of revenues from perpetual licenses, under which we generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement upfront, assuming all revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. Customers can also purchase term license agreements, under which we recognize the license fee ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the term of the license. Due to the differing revenue recognition policies applicable to perpetual and term licenses, shifts in the mix between perpetual and term licenses from quarter to quarter could produce substantial variation in revenues recognized even if our sales remain consistent. In addition, seasonal trends that contribute to increased sales activity in the fourth fiscal quarter often result in lower sequential revenues in the first fiscal quarter, and we expect this trend to continue. Comparing our revenues on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
    
  Maintenance and services revenues.    Maintenance and services revenues consist of revenues from maintenance agreements and, to a lesser extent, professional services and training, as well as revenues from our cloud services. Typically, when purchasing a perpetual license, a customer also purchases one year of maintenance service for which we charge a percentage of the license fee. When a term license is purchased, maintenance service is typically bundled with the license for the term of the license period. Customers with maintenance agreements are entitled to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become available during the maintenance period. We recognize the revenues associated with maintenance agreements ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the associated maintenance period. In arrangements involving a term license, we recognize both the license and maintenance revenues over the contract period. We have a professional services organization focused on helping some of our largest customers deploy our software in highly complex operational environments and train their personnel. We recognize the revenues associated with these professional services on a time and materials basis as we deliver the services or provide the training. We expect maintenance and services revenues to become a larger percentage of our total revenues as our installed customer base grows. We generally recognize the revenues associated with our cloud services ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the associated subscription term. 
    
  Professional services and training revenues, as a percentage of total revenues, were 9% and 8% for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We have experienced continued growth in our professional services revenues primarily due to the deployment of our software with some customers that have large, highly complex IT environments. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues 
    
  Cost of license revenues.    Cost of license revenues includes all direct costs to deliver our product, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes, allocated overhead for facilities and IT and amortization of acquired intangible assets. We recognize these expenses as they are incurred. 
    
  Cost of maintenance and services revenues.    Cost of maintenance and services revenues includes salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes for our maintenance and services organization, allocated overhead for depreciation of equipment, facilities and IT, amortization of acquired intangible assets and third-party hosting fees related to our cloud services. We recognize expenses related to our maintenance and services organization as they are incurred.  
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  Our operating expenses are classified into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative. For each category, the largest component is personnel costs, which include salaries, employee benefit costs, bonuses, commissions as applicable, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for depreciation of equipment, facilities and IT. Allocated costs for facilities consist of leasehold improvements and rent. Our allocated costs for IT include costs for compensation of our IT personnel and costs associated with our IT infrastructure. Operating expenses are generally recognized as incurred. 
    
  Research and development.    Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs attributable to our research and development personnel. We have devoted our product development efforts primarily to enhancing the functionality and expanding the capabilities of our software and services. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase, in absolute dollars, as we increase our research and development headcount to further strengthen and enhance our software and services and invest in the development of our solutions and apps. 
    
  Sales and marketing.    Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs for our sales, marketing and business development personnel, commissions earned by our sales personnel, and the cost of marketing and business development programs. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase, in absolute dollars, as we continue to hire additional personnel and invest in marketing programs. 
    
  General and administrative.    General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel; our legal, accounting and other professional services fees; and other corporate expenses. We anticipate continuing to incur additional expenses due to growing our operations, including higher legal, corporate insurance and accounting expenses. 
    
  Interest and other income (expense), net 
    
  Interest and other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses, interest income on our investments and cash and cash equivalents balances, and changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts. 
    
    Provision for income taxes 
    
  The provision for income taxes consists of federal, state and foreign income taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse.  We record a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more-likely-than-not to realize.  Because of our history of U.S. net operating losses, we have established, in prior years, a full valuation allowance against potential future benefits for U.S. deferred tax assets including loss carry-forwards and research and development and other tax credits.  We regularly assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be realized based on the realization guidance available. To the extent that we believe any amounts are not more-likely-than-not to be realized, we record a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred income tax assets. We regularly assess the need for the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, and to the extent that we determine that an adjustment is needed, such adjustment will be recorded in the period that the determination is made. 

22 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
  The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenues for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

_________________________  
   (1)    Calculated as a percentage of the associated revenues. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015 
    
  Revenues 

The increase in license revenues of   $35.6 million   was primarily driven by increases in our total number of customers, sales to existing customers and the number of large orders. For example, we had   483   and   371   orders greater than $100,000 for the three months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our total number of customers increased from approximately 10,000 at   October 31, 2015   to more than   12,000   at   October 31, 2016  . The increase in maintenance and services revenues of   $34.8 million   was due to increases in sales of maintenance agreements and sales of professional services resulting from the growth of our installed customer base, as well as increases in sales of our cloud services.   
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 

Total cost of revenues increased   $18.1 million   primarily due to a   $18.3 million   increase in cost of maintenance and services revenues. The increase in cost of maintenance and services revenues was primarily related to an increase of $8.4 million related to third-party hosting fees to support our cloud services and a $5.0 million increase in salaries and benefits expense, which includes a $1.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount. We also had a $4.0 million increase in expenses related to third-party consulting services. Total gross margin decreased primarily due to maintenance and services revenues being a greater percentage of the overall revenue mix.  
    
  Operating Expenses 

Research and development expense.    Research and development expense increased   $29.5 million   primarily due to a $26.8 million increase in salaries and benefits, which includes a $22.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in stock-based compensation expense is primarily related to the accelerated vesting of certain restricted shares of common stock. Additionally, we experienced an increase in salaries and benefits due to headcount growth as we focus on further developing and enhancing our products. We also had an increase of $2.9 million related to overhead and facilities costs. 
    
  Sales and marketing expense.    Sales and marketing expense increased   $37.2 million   primarily due to a $26.6 million increase in salaries and benefits, which includes a $5.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, as we increased headcount to expand our field sales organization and experienced higher commission expense as a result of increased customer  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

orders. We also had an increase of $5.1 million related to overhead costs, an increase of $2.5 million related to third-party consulting services and an increase of $1.7 million in other marketing-related expenses. 
    
  General and administrative expense.    General and administrative expense increased   $4.2 million   due primarily to an increase of $1.6 million related to salaries and benefits, which includes a $1.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, as we increased headcount. We also had an increase of $1.0 million related to third-party consulting services. 
    
  Interest and Other Income (Expense), net 

Interest and other income (expense), net reflects a net decrease primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to our financing lease obligation and foreign exchange losses, partially offset by an increase in interest income from our investments.  
    
  Income Tax Provision 

For the three months ended   October 31, 2016  , we recorded an increase in income tax expense that was primarily due to an increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions. We recorded income taxes that were principally attributable to foreign and state taxes. 

Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended October 31,     2016   and   2015    
    
  Revenues 

The   increase   in license revenues of   $92.4 million   was primarily driven by increases in our total number of customers, sales to existing customers and an increase in the number of large orders. For example, we had   1,247   and   924   orders greater than $100,000 for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our total number of customers increased from approximately 10,000 at   October 31,     2015   to more than   12,000   at   October 31,     2016  . The increase in maintenance and services revenues of   $102.7 million   was due to increases in sales of maintenance agreements and sales of professional services resulting from the growth of our installed customer base, as well as increases in sales of our cloud services. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 

Total cost of revenues increased   $54.1 million   primarily due to a   $51.5 million   increase in cost of maintenance and services revenues. The   $2.6 million   increase in cost of license revenues was primarily due to amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets. The   $51.5 million   increase in cost of maintenance and services revenues was primarily related to an increase of $22.1 million related to third-party hosting fees to support our cloud services, an increase of $15.3 million in salaries and benefits expense, which includes a $3.9 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to increased headcount and an increase of $10.9 million related to third-party consulting services. Total gross margin decreased primarily due to maintenance and services revenues being a greater percentage of the overall revenue mix. 
    
  Operating Expenses 

Research and development expense.    Research and development expense increased   $71.1 million   primarily due to a $61.7 million increase in salaries and benefits, which includes a $40.4 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. The increase in stock-based compensation expense is partly related to the accelerated vesting of certain restricted shares of common stock. Additionally, we experienced an increase in salaries and benefits due to headcount growth as we focus on further developing and enhancing our products. We also had an increase of $8.8 million related to overhead costs. 
    
  Sales and marketing expense.    Sales and marketing expense increased   $118.8 million   primarily due to a $91.0 million increase in salaries and benefits, which includes a $27.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, as we increased headcount to expand our field sales organization and experienced higher commission expense as a result of increased customer orders. We experienced an increase of $12.4 million in expenses due to increased facilities and overhead, as well as an increase  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

of $4.5 million related to third-party consulting services. Additionally, we had an increase of $4.3 million related to our sales kickoff and other sales-related events, an increase of $3.6 million in travel expenses due to increased travel from our growing field sales organization and an increase of $2.1 million in other marketing-related expenses. 
    
  General and administrative expense.    General and administrative expense increased   $15.0 million   due primarily to an increase of $14.7 million related to salaries and benefits, which includes a $9.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, as we increased headcount.  
    
  Interest and Other Income (Expense), net 

Interest and other income (expense), net reflects an increase in expense primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to our financing lease obligation and foreign exchange losses, partially offset by an increase in interest income from our investments.  
    
  Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 

For the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , we recorded an increase in income tax expense that was primarily attributable to the absence of a $10.9 million partial release of the valuation allowance as a result of a prior year acquisition and an increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions. We recorded income taxes that were principally attributable to foreign and state taxes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since fiscal 2010 we have funded our operations primarily through cash generated from operations. At   October 31, 2016  , our cash and cash equivalents of   $365.6 million   were held for working capital purposes, a majority of which was invested in money market funds. We intend to continue to focus our capital expenditures in fiscal   2017   to support our global facilities expansions and make additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced software and services offerings, the continuing market acceptance of our offerings and our planned investments, particularly in our product development efforts or acquisitions of complementary businesses, applications or technologies. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  In the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , cash inflows from our operating activities were   $99.3 million  , which reflects our net loss of   $281.0 million  , adjusted by non-cash charges of   $307.6 million  , consisting primarily of   $285.2 million   for stock-based compensation and   $22.9 million   for depreciation and amortization. Sources of cash inflows were from changes in our working capital, including a   $49.7 million   increase in deferred revenue due to increased sales of our product and services and the related support agreements, a   $33.0 million   increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, and a   $9.2 million   decrease in accounts receivable due to strong collections. These cash inflows were partially offset by a   $12.5 million   decrease in accrued payroll and compensation and a   $8.1 million   increase in prepaid expenses. 
    
  In the nine months ended October 31, 2015, cash inflows from our operating activities were $78.6 million, which reflects our net loss of $199.4 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of $206.0 million, consisting primarily of $203.9 million for stock-based compensation, $13.5 million for depreciation and amortization and $1.0 million for amortization of investment premiums, partially offset by $11.4 million for deferred income taxes and $1.0 million for excess tax benefits from employee stock plans. Sources of cash inflows were from changes in our working capital, including a $44.8 million increase in deferred revenue due to increased sales of our license and subscription products and the related product support agreements, a $15.6 million decrease in prepaid expense and other current and non-current assets, a $12.3 million increase in accrued payroll and compensation, a $2.8 million decrease in accounts receivable and a $0.4 million increase in accounts payable. These cash inflows were offset by a $3.8 million decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  In the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , cash used in investing activities of   $108.2 million   was primarily attributable to   $523.8 million   in purchases of investments in U.S. treasury securities,   $27.2 million   of capital expenditures for purchases related to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as purchases related to technology and hardware and   $3.5 million   related to other investment activities. These cash outflows were partially offset by   $446.3 million   cash inflow due to the maturities of our investments.  
    
  In the nine months ended October 31, 2015, cash provided by investing activities of $11.3 million was primarily attributable to $399.1 million cash inflow due to the maturities of our investments. This cash inflow was offset by $219.2 million in purchases of investments in U.S. treasury securities, $142.7 million of cash purchase price paid, net of cash acquired, for our acquisitions, $24.5 million of capital expenditures for the purchase of technology and hardware, as well as purchases related to our facilities and infrastructure, and $1.5 million related to other investment activities. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  In the   nine months ended October 31, 2016  , cash used in financing activities of   $50.3 million   consisted primarily of   $73.4 million   of taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards. This cash outflow was partially offset by   $15.2 million   of proceeds from our employee stock purchase plan,   $7.4 million   of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and   $0.6 million   of proceeds from excess tax benefits from employee stock plans. 
    
  In the nine months ended October 31, 2015, cash provided by financing activities of $24.6 million consisted primarily of $12.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, $10.9 million of proceeds from our employee stock purchase plan and $1.0 million of proceeds from excess tax benefits from employee stock plans.           
  Loan and Security Agreement 
    
  On May 9, 2013 we entered into a Loan Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, which was most recently amended in May 2015. As amended, the agreement provides for a revolving line of credit facility, which expires on May 9, 2017. Under the agreement, we are able to borrow up to   $25 million  . Interest on any drawdown under the revolving line of credit accrues either at the prime rate (  3.50%   in October 2016) or the LIBOR rate plus   2.75%  . As of   October 31, 2016  , we had no balance outstanding under this agreement.  The agreement includes restrictive covenants, in each case subject to certain exceptions, that limit our ability to: sell or otherwise dispose of our business or property; change our business, liquidate or dissolve or undergo a change in control; enter into mergers, consolidations and acquisitions; incur indebtedness; create liens; pay dividends or make  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

distributions; make investments; enter into material transactions with affiliates; pay any subordinated debt or amend certain terms thereof; or become an investment company. 
    
  In addition, the agreement contains customary financial covenants and other affirmative and negative covenants. We were in compliance with all covenants as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  Operating Lease Commitments 
    
  We lease our office spaces under non-cancelable leases and rent expense associated with our operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense for our operating leases was   $6.0 million   and   $3.1 million   for the   three months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $12.7 million   and   $8.9 million   for the   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  On August 24, 2015, we entered into an office lease for approximately   235,000   square feet located at 3098 Olsen Drive, San Jose, California. Rent expense for this lease commenced in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Our total obligation for the base rent is approximately   $120.5 million  . 
    
  The following summarizes our operating lease commitments as of   October 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

_________________________ 
   (1)    We entered into sublease agreements for portions of our office space and the future rental income of   $1.2 million   from these agreements has been included as an offset to our future minimum rental payments. 
    
  Financing Lease Obligation 
    
  On April 29, 2014, we entered into an office lease (the  Lease ) for approximately 182,000 square feet located at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California (the  Premises ) for a term of 84 months. Our total obligation for the base rent is approximately $92.0 million. On May 13, 2014, we entered into an irrevocable, standby letter of credit with Silicon Valley Bank for $6.0 million to serve as a security deposit for the Lease.  
    
  As a result of our involvement during the construction period, whereby we had certain indemnification obligations related to the construction, we were considered for accounting purposes only, the owner of the construction project under build-to-suit lease accounting. We have recorded estimated project construction costs incurred by the landlord as an asset and a corresponding long term liability in  Property and equipment, net  and  Other liabilities, non-current,  respectively, on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the construction period, we increased the asset and corresponding long term liability as additional building costs were incurred by the landlord. The landlord completed the construction of the Premises in February 2016 and we have determined that the lease does not meet the criteria for  sale-leaseback  treatment, due to our continuing involvement in the project resulting from our standby letter of credit. Accordingly, the Lease will continue to be accounted for as a financing obligation. 
    
  As of   October 31, 2016  , future payments on the financing lease obligation are as follows (in thousands): 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

During the three and   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
    
     Indemnification Arrangements 
    
  During the ordinary course of business, we may indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse for losses suffered or incurred, our customers, vendors and their affiliates for certain intellectual property infringement and other claims by third parties with respect to our offerings, in connection with our commercial license arrangements or related to general business dealings with those parties. 
    
  As permitted under Delaware law, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers, directors and certain employees, indemnifying them for certain events or occurrences while they serve as our officers or directors or those of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
    
  To date, there have not been any costs incurred in connection with such indemnification obligations; therefore, there is no accrual of such amounts at   October 31, 2016  . We are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnifications on our future results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected.  
    
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our condensed consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 contained in the  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  included in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We had cash and cash equivalents of   $365.6 million   as of   October 31, 2016  . We hold our cash and cash equivalents for working capital purposes. Our cash and cash equivalents are held in cash deposits and money market funds. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. This objective is accomplished by making diversified investments, consisting only of investment grade securities. The effect of a hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in overall interest rates would not have had a material impact on our interest income. 
    
  Any draws under our revolving credit facility bear interest at a variable rate tied to the prime rate or the LIBOR rate. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had no balance outstanding under this agreement. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
    
  Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. All of our revenues are generated in U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States and to a lesser extent in Europe and Asia. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. We seek to minimize the impact of certain foreign  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

currency fluctuations by hedging certain balance sheet exposures with foreign currency forward contracts. Any gain or loss from settling these contracts is offset by the loss or gain derived from the underlying balance sheet exposures. We do not enter into any hedging contracts for trading or speculative purposes. The effect of a hypothetical 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
    
  Inflation 
    
  We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the three and   nine months ended October 31, 2016   and   2015  . If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   October 31, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   October 31, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
    
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

32 

     Table of Contents  

The information set forth above under Legal Proceedings in Note 3 contained in the  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  is incorporated herein by reference.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
    
  The market for our offerings is new and unproven and may not grow. 
    
  We believe our future success will depend in large part on the growth, if any, in the market for offerings that provide operational intelligence, particularly from machine data. We market our offerings as targeted solutions for specific use cases and as an enterprise solution for machine data. In order to grow our business, we intend to expand the functionality of our offerings to increase their acceptance and use by the broader market as well as develop new offerings. It is difficult to predict customer adoption and renewal rates, customer demand for our offerings, the size and growth rate of this market, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our offerings. If our offerings do not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for products in our market caused by a lack of customer acceptance or expansion, technological challenges, decreases in accessible machine data, competing technologies and products, pricing pressure, decreases in corporate or information technology spending, weakening economic conditions, or otherwise, it could result in reduced customer orders, early terminations, reduced renewal rates or decreased revenues, any of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. We believe that these are inherent risks and difficulties in this new and unproven market. 
    
  Our future operating results may fluctuate significantly, and our recent operating results may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
    
  Our revenues and operating results could vary significantly from period to period as a result of various factors, many of which are outside of our control. For example, we have historically generated a majority of our revenues from perpetual license agreements, whereby we generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement upfront, assuming all revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. Our customers also have the choice of entering into agreements for term licenses and/or our cloud services for use of our software, whereby the fee is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement, and, in combination with our introduction of enterprise adoption agreements, or transactions that are designed to enable broad adoption of our software within an enterprise, we have seen the proportion of our customer orders where revenues will be recognized ratably increase steadily as a percentage of total orders. At the beginning of each quarter, we do not know the ratio between perpetual licenses and ratably recognized agreements that we will enter into during the quarter. In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the percentage of license and cloud orders that will be recognized ratably was 41%. As a result, our operating results could be significantly impacted by unexpected shifts in the ratio between perpetual licenses and ratably recognized agreements. In addition, the size of our licenses varies greatly, and a single, large perpetual license in a given period could distort our operating results. The timing and size of large transactions are often hard to predict in any particular period. Further, a portion of revenue recognized in any given quarter is a result of ratably recognized agreements entered into during previous quarters, including maintenance and support agreements. Consequently, a decline in business from ratably recognized agreements or maintenance and support agreements in any quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter. Any such decline, however, will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters.  Accordingly, the effect of downturns in sales and market acceptance of our offerings may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Comparing our revenues and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.  
    
  We may not be able to accurately predict our future revenues or results of operations. In particular, approximately half of the revenues we currently recognize each quarter has been attributable to sales made in that same quarter with the balance of the revenues being attributable to sales made in prior quarters in which the related revenues were not recognized upfront. As a result, our ability to forecast revenues on a quarterly or longer-term basis is extremely limited. We base our current and future expense levels on our operating plans and sales forecasts, and our operating costs are expected to be relatively fixed in the short-term. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in revenues, and even a small shortfall in revenues could disproportionately and adversely affect our financial results for that quarter. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

In addition to other risk factors described elsewhere in this  Risk Factors  section, factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 

the timing of our sales during the quarter, particularly because a large portion of our sales occur toward the end of the quarter, or the loss or delay of a few large contracts; 

the mix of revenues attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions and the impact that a change in mix may have on the overall average selling price of our offerings; 

the mix of revenues attributable to perpetual licenses and term licenses, subscriptions, enterprise adoption agreements, maintenance and professional services and training, which may impact our revenue, deferred revenue, gross margins and operating income; 

the renewal and usage rates of our customers; 

changes in the competitive dynamics of our market; 

changes in customers  budgets and in the timing of their purchasing decisions; 

customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new offerings or software enhancements by us or our competitors; 

customer acceptance of and willingness to pay for new versions of our offerings or new solutions for specific product and end markets; 

our ability to successfully introduce and monetize new offerings and licensing and service models for our new offerings; 

our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 

the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; 

the timing of satisfying revenue recognition criteria; 

our ability to qualify and successfully compete for government contracts; 

the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed; and 

general economic and political conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic and political conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate. 
       
  Many of these factors are outside our control, and the variability and unpredictability of such factors could result in our failing to meet or exceed our financial expectations for a given period. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not necessarily be indicative of our future performance. 
     
  We have a short operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
    
  We have a short operating history, which limits our ability to forecast our future operating results and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in developing industries. If our assumptions regarding these uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. Moreover, although we have experienced rapid growth historically, we may not continue to grow as rapidly in the future. Any success that we may experience in the future will depend in large part on our ability to, among other things: 

improve the performance and capabilities of our offerings and technology through research and development; 

35 

     Table of Contents  

continue to develop, enhance, expand adoption of and globally deliver our cloud services, including Splunk Cloud, and comply with applicable laws in each jurisdiction in which we offer such services; 

successfully develop, introduce and expand adoption of new offerings; 

increase revenues from existing customers through increased or broader use of our offerings within their organizations; 

successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; 

maintain and expand our customer base and the ways in which our customers use our offerings; 

successfully compete with other companies, open source projects and custom development efforts that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the markets for our offerings; 

successfully provide our customers a compelling business case to purchase our offerings in a time frame that matches our and our customers  sales and purchase cycles and at a compelling price point; 
       
     respond timely and effectively to competitor offerings and pricing models; 
    
     appropriately price our offerings; 

generate leads and convert users of the trial versions of our offerings to paying customers; 

prevent users from circumventing the terms of their licenses and subscriptions; 

continue to invest in our application development platform to deliver additional content for our offerings and to foster an ecosystem of developers and users to expand the use cases of our offerings; 

maintain and enhance our website and cloud services infrastructure to minimize interruptions when accessing our offerings; 

process, store and use our customers  data in compliance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal obligations related to data privacy, data protection, data transfer, data residency, encryption and security; 

hire, integrate and retain world-class professional and technical talent; and 

successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. 
       
  If we fail to address the risks and difficulties we face, including those described elsewhere in this  Risk Factors  section, our business will be adversely affected and our business operations and financial results will suffer. 
    
  If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
    
  Although our business has experienced significant growth, we cannot provide any assurance that our business will continue to grow at the same rate or at all. We have experienced and may continue to experience rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. As of   October 31, 2016  , approximately 34% of our employees had been with us for less than one year. As we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, while maintaining the effectiveness of our business execution and the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. In particular, we intend to continue to make directed and substantial investments to expand our research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative organizations, as well as our international operations. 
    
  To effectively manage growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures by, among other things: 

improving our key business applications, processes and IT infrastructure to support our business needs; 

36 

     Table of Contents  

enhancing information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well-coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our growing base of customers and channel partners; 

enhancing our internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations and financial results; and 

appropriately documenting our IT systems and our business processes. 
       
  These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. If we fail to implement these improvements effectively, our ability to manage our expected growth, ensure uninterrupted operation of key business systems and comply with the rules and regulations that are applicable to public reporting companies will be impaired. Additionally, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our offerings could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand, financial results and overall business. 
    
  We face intense competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete effectively for sales opportunities. 
    
  Although our offerings target the new and emerging market for software and cloud services that provide operational intelligence, we compete against a variety of large software vendors and smaller specialized companies, open source projects and custom development efforts, which provide solutions in the specific markets we address. Our principal competitors include: 

IT departments of potential customers which have undertaken custom software development efforts to analyze and manage their machine data; 

companies targeting the big data market by commercializing open source software, such as the various Hadoop distributions and NoSQL data stores, including Elastic; 

security, systems management and other IT vendors, including BMC Software, CA Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, Dell Software and VMware; 

business intelligence vendors, analytics and visualization vendors, including IBM and Oracle; and 

small, specialized vendors that provide complementary and competitive solutions in enterprise data analytics, log aggregation and management, data warehousing and big data technologies that may compete with our offerings. 
       
  The principal competitive factors in our markets include features, performance and support, scalability and flexibility, ease of deployment and use, total cost of ownership and time to value. Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global distribution and presence. Further, competitors may be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price than we can, such as by integrating or bundling their software products with their other product offerings. In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on operational intelligence and could directly compete with us. For example, companies may commercialize open source software, such as Hadoop or Elasticsearch, in a manner that competes with our offerings or causes potential customers to believe that such product and our offerings perform the same function. If companies move a greater proportion of their data and computational needs to the cloud, new competitors may emerge that offer services comparable to ours or that are better suited for cloud-based data, and the demand for our offerings may decrease. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that we do not offer and that could gain market acceptance quickly. 
    
  In recent years, there have been significant acquisitions and consolidation by and among our actual and potential competitors. We anticipate this trend of consolidation will continue, which will present heightened competitive challenges to our business. In particular, consolidation in our industry increases the likelihood of our competitors offering bundled or integrated products, and we believe that it may increase the competitive pressures we face with respect to our offerings. If we are unable to differentiate our offerings from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance or value, we may see decreased demand for those offerings, which would adversely affect our business operations, financial results and growth prospects. Further, it is possible that continued industry consolidation may impact customers  perceptions of the viability of smaller or even medium-sized software firms and consequently their willingness to use software solutions from such firms. Similarly, if customers seek to concentrate their software license  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

purchases in the product portfolios of a few large providers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage regardless of the performance and features of our offerings. We believe that in order to remain competitive at the large enterprise level, we will need to develop and expand relationships with resellers and large system integrators that provide a broad range of products and services. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  Because we derive substantially all of our revenues and cash flows from sales of licenses, maintenance and services related to one software product, failure of this product to satisfy customer demands or to achieve increased market acceptance would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
    
  Although we now have several software and services offerings, we derive and expect to continue to derive substantially all of our revenues and cash flows from sales of licenses, maintenance and services related to Splunk Enterprise. As such, the market acceptance of Splunk Enterprise is critical to our continued success. Demand for Splunk Enterprise is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including continued market acceptance of Splunk Enterprise by referenceable accounts for existing and new use cases, the timing of development and release of new products by our competitors, technological change, and growth or contraction in our market. We expect the proliferation of machine data to lead to an increase in the data analysis demands of our customers, and our offerings may not be able to scale and perform to meet those demands or may not be chosen by users for those needs. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of Splunk Enterprise, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable in the future. 
    
  We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of   $946.6 million   at   October 31, 2016  . Because the market for our offerings is rapidly evolving and has not yet reached widespread adoption, it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we hire additional personnel, expand and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and continue to develop features and functionality for our offerings. In addition, as we grow as a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other operating expenses, including compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If our revenues do not increase to offset these increases in our operating expenses, we may not be profitable in future periods. Our historical revenue growth has been inconsistent and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenues could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our offerings, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. Any failure by us to achieve, sustain or increase profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
    
  If customers do not expand their use of our offerings beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
    
  Most of our customers currently use our offerings to support application management, IT operations, security and compliance functions. Our ability to grow our business depends in part on our ability to persuade current and future customers to expand their use of our offerings to additional use cases, such as facilities management, supply chain management, business analytics and customer analytics. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our offerings for these applications, or if a competitor establishes a more widely adopted solution for these applications, our ability to grow our business and financial results will be adversely affected.  
    
  We employ multiple, unique and evolving pricing models, which subject us to various pricing and licensing challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive value from our customers and may adversely affect our operating results. 
    
  We employ multiple, unique and evolving pricing models for our offerings. For example, we generally charge our customers for their use of Splunk Enterprise and Splunk Light based on their estimated peak daily indexing capacity. In addition, Splunk Cloud is generally priced based on peak daily indexing capacity and data storage and Hunk licenses are priced based on the number of Hadoop data nodes while Splunk User Behavior Analytics is priced by the number of monitored user or system accounts. We offer both perpetual and term licensing options, which have different payment schedules, and depending on the mix of such licenses, our revenues or deferred revenues could be adversely affected. Our pricing models may ultimately result in a higher total cost to our customers generally as data volumes increase over time, or may cause our customers to limit usage in order to stay within the limits of their existing licenses, making it more difficult for us to compete in our markets. As the amount of machine data within our customers  organizations grows, we face downward pressure from our customers regarding our pricing, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. In addition, our unique pricing models  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

may allow competitors with different pricing models to attract customers unfamiliar or uncomfortable with our pricing models, which would cause us to lose business or modify our pricing models, both of which could adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. While we recently introduced enterprise adoption agreements to provide pricing predictability to our customers, we have limited experience selling this type of license and our customers may not find this type of license attractive. 
    
  Furthermore, while our offerings can measure and limit customer usage, we recently announced that we will not enforce such limitations under certain circumstances, and in other circumstances, such limitations may be improperly circumvented or otherwise bypassed by certain users. Similarly, we provide our customers with an encrypted key for enabling their use of our offerings. There is no guarantee that users of our offerings will abide by the terms of these encrypted keys, and if they do not, we may not be able to capture the full value for the use of our offerings. For example, our enterprise license is generally meant for our customers  internal use only. If our internal use customers improperly make our offerings available to their customers, for example, through a cloud or managed service offering not authorized by us, it may displace our end user sales. Additionally, if an internal use customer that has received a volume discount from us improperly makes available our offerings to its end customers, we may experience price erosion and be unable to capture the appropriate value from those end customers. 
    
  During fiscal 2015, we increased the license capacity of our entry-level licenses for Splunk Enterprise and decreased the price of our Splunk Cloud service.  Although we believe that this price reduction will enable our customers to more rapidly increase their ability to adopt our offerings, there is no guarantee this will occur.  It is possible that such price reduction will not be offset by an increase in order volume, which would have the effect of lowering our revenues and negatively impacting our financial results.    
    
  Our license agreements generally provide that we can audit our customers  use of our offerings or require them to certify their actual usage to ensure compliance with the terms of our license agreement at our request. However, a customer may resist or refuse to allow us to audit their usage, in which case we may have to pursue legal recourse to enforce our rights under the license agreement, which would require us to spend money, distract management and potentially adversely affect our relationship with our customers and users. 
    
  If we do not effectively expand and train our sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers and our business will be adversely affected. 
    
  We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new customers and to drive additional use cases and adoption among our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales force is new to the company and our offerings. Our growth creates additional challenges and risks with respect to attracting, integrating and retaining qualified employees, particularly sales personnel. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business will be adversely affected. 
    
  Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, particularly with respect to large customers, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. 
    
  Our operating results may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our software licensing offerings and the short-term difficulty in adjusting our operating expenses. Our operating results depend in part on sales to large customers and conversions of users of the trial versions of our offerings into paying customers. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to delivery of and payment for the software license, varies substantially from customer to customer. In addition, the introduction of our Splunk Cloud service has generated interest from our customers who are also considering purchasing and deploying Splunk Enterprise on-premises. In some cases, our customers may wish to consider a combination of these offerings, potentially further slowing our sales cycle. Our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for certain customers, particularly large customers. It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale with a potential customer or if a user of a trial version of one of our offerings will upgrade to the paid version of that offering. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our operating results for that quarter and any future quarters for which revenues from that transaction is delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast our revenues accurately in any quarter. Because a substantial portion  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term, our operating results will suffer if revenues fall below our expectations in a particular quarter, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
    
  Our business and growth depend substantially on customers renewing their term licenses and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals could adversely affect our future operating results. 
    
  While much of our software is sold under perpetual license agreements, all of our maintenance and support agreements are sold on a term basis. In addition, we also enter into term license agreements for our offerings. In order for us to improve our operating results, it is important that our existing customers renew their term licenses, if applicable, and maintenance and support agreements when the initial contract term expires. Our customers have no obligation to renew their term licenses or maintenance and support agreements with us after the initial terms have expired. Our customers  renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our offerings, our pricing, the effects of economic conditions, competitive offerings or alterations or reductions in our customers  spending levels. If our customers do not renew their agreements with us or renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenues may decline. 
    
  Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
    
  During the   three months ended October 31, 2016  , we derived approximately   22%   of our total revenues from customers outside the United States, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. We currently have sales personnel and sales and support operations in the United States and certain countries around the world. However, our sales organization outside the United States is substantially smaller than our sales organization in the United States, and we rely heavily on our sales channel for non-U.S. sales. Our ability to convince customers to expand their use of our offerings or renew their maintenance and support agreements with us is directly correlated to our direct engagement with the customer. To the extent we are unable to engage with non-U.S. customers effectively with our limited sales force capacity or our indirect sales model, we may be unable to grow sales to existing customers to the same degree we have experienced in the United States. 
    
  Our international operations subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including: 

increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations; 

reliance on channel partners; 

longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable or satisfying revenue recognition criteria, especially in emerging markets; 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

general economic conditions in each country or region; 

economic and political uncertainty around the world, such as the recent U.S. presidential election and the United Kingdom s referendum in June 2016 in which voters approved an exit from the European Union ( EU ), commonly referred to as  Brexit  

compliance with multiple and changing foreign laws and regulations, including those governing employment, tax, privacy and data protection, data transfer and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such laws and regulations; 

compliance with laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our offerings in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; 

heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of financial statements and irregularities in financial statements; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the related effect on our financial results; 
     
   40 

     Table of Contents  

difficulties in repatriating or transferring funds from or converting currencies in certain countries; 

the need for localized software and licensing programs; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing intellectual property and contract rights abroad; and 

compliance with the laws of numerous foreign taxing jurisdictions and overlapping of different tax regimes. 
       
  Any of these risks could adversely affect our international operations, reduce our international revenues or increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our business operations, financial results and growth prospects. 
    
  In addition, compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. We may be unable to keep current with changes in foreign government requirements and laws as they change from time to time. Failure to comply with these regulations could have adverse effects on our business. In many foreign countries it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or United States regulations applicable to us. In addition, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, channel partners and agents will comply with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties, or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our offerings and could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
    
  If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
    
  In addition to our direct sales force, we use indirect channel partners, such as distributors and resellers, to license and support our offerings. We derive a portion of our revenues from sales of our offerings through our channel partners, particularly in the Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, and Asia Pacific, or APAC, regions and for sales to government agencies. We expect that sales through channel partners in all regions will continue to grow as a portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. 
    
  Our agreements with our channel partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our channel partners may offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. If our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our offerings, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our offerings may be adversely affected. Our channel partners may cease marketing our offerings with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our channel partners, our possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional channel partners could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, sales by channel partners are more likely than direct sales to involve collectability concerns, in particular sales by our channel partners in developing markets, and accordingly, variations in the mix between revenues attributable to sales by channel partners and revenues attributable to direct sales may result in fluctuations in our operating results. 
    
  Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners, and to help our channel partners enhance their ability to independently sell and deploy our offerings. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these channel partners, or otherwise develop and expand our indirect distribution channel, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
    
  Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software could result in customer dissatisfaction or customer data loss and negatively affect our business, operations, financial results and growth prospects. 
    
  Our software is deployed in a wide variety of technology environments. Increasingly, our software has been deployed in large scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our software licenses for use in such deployments. We often must assist our customers in achieving successful implementations for large, complex deployments. If we or our customers are unable to implement our software successfully, are unable to do so in a timely manner or if an improper implementation or change in system configuration results in errors or loss of data, customer perceptions of our company may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to increase their use of our offerings. In addition, our software imposes server load and index storage requirements  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

for implementation. If our customers do not have the server load capacity or the storage capacity required, they may not be able to effectively implement and use our software and, therefore, may not choose to increase their use of our offerings. 
    
  Our customers and third-party partners may need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our software to maximize its potential. If our software is not implemented or used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance, errors or data loss may result. Because our customers rely on our software and maintenance and support services to manage a wide range of operations, the incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software, our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our software, or our failure to provide maintenance services to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our offerings. 
    
  Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure, and our reliance on Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS, technologies from third parties, may adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
    
  Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website in order to download our on-premises software or encrypted access keys for our software within an acceptable amount of time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, website and service disruptions, storage failures, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our website and services simultaneously and denial of service or fraud or security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these website and service performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our website and service performance, especially during peak usage times and as our offerings become more complex and our user traffic increases. If our website or cloud services are unavailable or if our users are unable to download our software or encrypted access keys within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business would be negatively affected. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website and service performance and to enable rapid releases of new features and apps for our offerings. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
    
  In addition, we rely heavily on hosted SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including enterprise resource planning services and customer relationship management services.  Further, our cloud services, such as Splunk Cloud, are hosted exclusively by third parties. We currently offer a 100% uptime service level agreement ( SLA ) for Splunk Cloud. If any of these services fail or become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or if we are unable to deliver 100% uptime under our SLAs, our revenues could be reduced, our reputation could be damaged, we could be exposed to legal liability, expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our offerings and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business.   
    
  Our systems and third-party systems upon which we rely are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, geopolitical events and similar events. Our United States corporate offices and certain of the facilities we lease to house our computer and telecommunications equipment are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our and third parties  hosting facilities could result in interruptions, performance problems or failure of our infrastructure. 
    
  We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
    
  Our offerings are subject to United States export controls, and we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our offerings. These encryption offerings and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license. 
    
  Furthermore, our activities are subject to the U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services without the required export authorizations or export to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. While we take precautions to prevent our offerings from being exported in violation of these laws, including obtaining authorizations for our encryption offerings, implementing IP address blocking and screenings against U.S. Government and international lists of restricted and prohibited persons, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws.  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

We also note that if our channel partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences including government investigations and penalties. We presently incorporate export control compliance requirements in our channel partner agreements. Complying with export control and sanctions regulations for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. 
    
  Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in fines or penalties, including civil penalties of up to $250,000 or twice the value of the transaction, whichever is greater, per violation. In the event of criminal knowing and willful violations of these laws, fines of up to $1 million per violation and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers could be imposed. 
    
  While we have extensive procedures in place, downloads of our free software may have been made in potential violation of the export control and economic sanctions laws. We filed Initial Voluntary Self Disclosures in October 2014 with the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security ( BIS ) and the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) and filed Final Voluntary Disclosures with BIS and OFAC in June 2015. On May 4, 2016, BIS notified us that it had completed its review of this matter and closed its review with the issuance of a Warning Letter. On August 5, 2016, OFAC notified us that it had completed its review of this matter and closed its review with the issuance of a Cautionary Letter. No monetary penalties or other sanctions were imposed by either agency in connection with their investigations.   
    
  Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our offerings or could limit our customers  ability to implement our offerings in those countries. Changes in our offerings or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our offerings in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our offerings globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our offerings to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our offerings by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our offerings to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our offerings or limitation on our ability to export or sell our offerings would likely adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
    
  If our new offerings and product enhancements do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our financial results and competitive position will suffer. 
    
  We spend substantial amounts of time and money to research and develop new offerings and enhanced versions of our existing offerings to incorporate additional features, improve functionality or other enhancements in order to meet our customers  rapidly evolving demands. In addition, we continue to invest in solutions that can be deployed on top of our platform to target specific use cases and to cultivate our community of application developers and users. When we develop a new or enhanced version of an existing offering, we typically incur expenses and expend resources upfront to market, promote and sell the new offering. Therefore, when we develop and introduce new or enhanced offerings, they must achieve high levels of market acceptance in order to justify the amount of our investment in developing and bringing them to market. For example, if our cloud services such as Splunk Cloud do not garner widespread market adoption and implementation, our financial results and competitive position could suffer. 
    
  Further, we may make changes to our offerings that our customers do not like, find useful or agree with. We may also discontinue certain features, begin to charge for certain features that are currently free or increase fees for any of our features or usage of our offerings. 
    
  Our new offerings or product enhancements and changes to our existing offerings could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 

our failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of product functionality and to supply offerings that meet this demand in a timely fashion; 

defects, errors or failures; 

negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; 
     
   43 

     Table of Contents  

delays in releasing to the market our new offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings to the market; 

introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products by our competitors; 

poor business conditions for our end-customers, causing them to delay IT purchases; and 

reluctance of customers to purchase products incorporating open source software. 
       
  If our new offerings or enhancements and changes do not achieve adequate acceptance in the market, our competitive position will be impaired, and our revenues will be diminished. The adverse effect on our financial results may be particularly acute because of the significant research, development, marketing, sales and other expenses we will have incurred in connection with the new offerings or enhancements. 
    
  Our business depends, in part, on sales to the public sector, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
    
  We derive a portion of our revenues from contracts with federal, state, local and foreign governments, and we believe that the success and growth of our business will continue to depend on our successful procurement of government contracts. Factors that could impede our ability to maintain or increase the amount of revenues derived from government contracts, include: 

changes in fiscal or contracting policies; 

decreases in available government funding; 

changes in government programs or applicable requirements; 

the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations; 

potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or other funding authorization processes; and 

delays in the payment of our invoices by government payment offices. 
       
  The occurrence of any of the foregoing could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing licenses of our offerings in the future or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
    
  Failure to comply with laws or regulations applicable to our business could cause us to lose customers in the public sector, subject us to fines and penalties, or negatively impact our ability to contract with the public sector. 
    
  We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts with the public sector, including United States federal, state and local governmental bodies, which affect how our channel partners and how we do business with governmental agencies. These laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners, penalties, termination of contracts, loss of exclusive rights in our intellectual property, and temporary suspension or permanent debarment from government contracting. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions or limitations in our ability to do business with the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
    
  The cloud services version of our Splunk Enterprise product, Splunk Cloud, as well as cloud services for other products, are relatively new offerings, and market adoption of these cloud service offerings could adversely affect our business.  
    
  SaaS is a model of software deployment in which a software provider typically licenses an application to customers for use as a service on demand through web browser technologies. Delivering under these SaaS models typically results in higher costs and expenses when compared to sales of perpetual licenses for similar functionality. In recent years, companies have begun to expect that key software, such as customer relationship management and enterprise resource planning systems, be provided through a SaaS model. Many of our offerings are now made available in the cloud as well as on-premises. Customers can sign up for Splunk Cloud and other services and avoid the need to provision, deploy and manage internal  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

infrastructure. In order to provide Splunk Cloud and other services via a SaaS deployment, we have made and will continue to make capital investments and incur substantial costs to implement and maintain this alternative business model, which could negatively affect our financial results.  We expect that over time the percentage of our revenue attributable to our cloud service offerings will increase. If we are unable to decrease the cost of providing our cloud service offerings, our gross margins may decrease and negatively impact our overall financial results. Even with these investments and costs, the SaaS business model for Splunk Cloud and other services may not be successful, as customers may desire only on-premises licenses to our offerings. Moreover, sales of Splunk Cloud and other services could displace sales of our on-premises software licenses. Alternatively, subscriptions to Splunk Cloud and other services that exceed our expectations may unexpectedly increase our costs, lower our margins, lower our profits or increase our losses and otherwise negatively affect our projected financial results. Transitioning to a SaaS model also impacts the way we recognize revenues, which may affect our operating results and could have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
    
  Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. 
    
  Because our offerings are complex, undetected errors, failures or bugs may occur, especially when new offerings, versions or updates are released. Our on-premises software is often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures of our software or other aspects of the computing environment into which it is deployed. In addition, deployment of our software into complicated, large-scale computing environments may expose undetected errors, failures or bugs in our software. Despite testing by us, errors, failures or bugs may not be found in our offerings until they are released to our customers. In the past, we have discovered errors, failures and bugs in some of our offerings after their introduction. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our offerings, loss of competitive position or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. 
    
  In addition, if an actual or perceived failure of our on-premises software occurs in a customer s deployment, regardless of whether the failure is attributable to our software, the market perception of the effectiveness of our offerings could be adversely affected. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. 
    
  Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. 
    
  Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect proprietary methods and technologies that we develop under patent and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other jurisdictions outside of the United States so that we can prevent others from using our inventions and proprietary information. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business might be adversely affected. However, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expenses. Any of our patent rights, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Our issued patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with any competitive advantages, and our patent applications may never be granted. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or we may not be able to do so at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that these patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the infringement, validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are complex and often uncertain. 
    
  Any patents that are issued may subsequently be invalidated or otherwise limited, allowing other companies to develop offerings that compete with ours, which could adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have a right to practice the patented invention. Patent applications in the United States are typically not published until 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not at all, and publications of discoveries in industry-related literature lag behind actual discoveries. We cannot be certain that we were the first to use the inventions claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications or otherwise used in our offerings, that we were the first to file patent applications, or that third parties do not have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from marketing or practicing our offerings or technology. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our offerings are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States (in particular, some foreign jurisdictions do not permit patent protection for software), and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Additional uncertainty may result from recent and future changes to intellectual property legislation in the United States  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

(including the  America Invents Act ) and other countries and from interpretations of the intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries by applicable courts and agencies. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
    
  We rely in part on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and other confidential information to maintain our competitive position. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Although we endeavor to enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, licensees and others who may have access to this information, we cannot assure you that these agreements or other steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use, disclosure or reverse engineering of our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. Moreover, third parties may independently develop technologies or products that compete with ours, and we may be unable to prevent this competition. 
    
  We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Litigation also puts our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert counterclaims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be adequate to compensate us for the harm suffered. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may adversely affect our business operations or financial results. 
    
  We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
    
  Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. The litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenues and against which our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence. From time-to-time, third parties, including certain of these leading companies, have asserted and may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights against us, our channel partners, our technology partners or our customers. We have received, and may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties  intellectual property rights, and, to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims, which is not uncommon with respect to the enterprise software market.  
    
  There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents, that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods. We may be exposed to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims as a result of acquisitions, as, among other things, we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
     
  One of our marketing strategies is to offer trial versions, including online sandboxes of our offerings, and we may not be able to realize the benefits of this strategy. 
    
  We offer trial version licenses, including online sandboxes, of certain of our offerings to users free of charge as part of our overall strategy of developing the market for offerings that provides operational intelligence and promoting additional penetration of our offerings in the markets in which we compete. Some users never convert from the trial version to the paid version. To the extent that these users do not become paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of this marketing strategy and our ability to grow our revenues will be adversely affected. 
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
    
  We believe that maintaining and enhancing the  Splunk  brand identity is critical to our relationships with our customers and channel partners and to our ability to attract new customers and channel partners. The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely upon our marketing efforts, our ability to continue to offer high-quality products and our ability to successfully differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Our brand promotion activities may not be successful or yield increased revenues. In addition, independent industry analysts often provide reviews of our products, as well as those of our competitors, and perception of our products in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors  products and services, our brand may be adversely affected. 
    
  Moreover, it may be difficult to maintain and enhance our brand in connection with sales through channel or strategic partners. The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive, as we expand into new markets and as more sales are generated through our channel partners. To the extent that these activities yield increased revenues, these revenues may not offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors with stronger brands, and we could lose customers and channel partners, all of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
    
  Our future performance depends in part on proper use of our community website, Splunkbase, and support from third-party software developers. 
    
  Our offerings enable third-party software developers to build apps on top of our platform. We operate a community website, Splunkbase, for sharing these third-party apps, including add-ons and extensions. While we expect Splunkbase to support our sales and marketing efforts, it also presents certain risks to our business, including: 

third-party developers may not continue developing or supporting the software apps that they share on Splunkbase; 

we cannot provide any assurance that these apps meet the same quality standards that we apply to our own development efforts, and, to the extent they contain bugs or defects, they may create disruptions in our customers  use of our offerings or negatively affect our brand; 

we do not currently provide support for software apps developed by third-party software developers, and users may be left without support and potentially cease using our offerings if the third-party software developers do not provide support for these apps; 

these third-party software developers may not possess the appropriate intellectual property rights to develop and share their apps; and 

some of these developers may use the insight they gain using our offerings and from documentation publicly available on our website to develop competing products. 
       
  Many of these risks are not within our control to prevent, and our brand may be damaged if these apps, add-ons and extensions do not perform to our customers  satisfaction and that dissatisfaction is attributed to us. 
    
  If poor advice or misinformation is spread through our community website, Splunk Answers, users of our offerings may experience unsatisfactory results from using our offerings, which could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to grow our business. 
    
  We host Splunk Answers for sharing knowledge about how to perform certain functions with our offerings. Our users are increasingly turning to Splunk Answers for support in connection with their use of our offerings. We do not review or test the information that non-Splunk employees post on Splunk Answers to ensure its accuracy or efficacy in resolving technical issues. Therefore, we cannot ensure that all the information listed on Splunk Answers is accurate or that it will not adversely affect the performance of our offerings. Furthermore, users who post such information on Splunk Answers may not have adequate rights to the information to share it publicly, and we could be the subject of intellectual property claims based on our hosting of such information. If poor advice or misinformation is spread among users of Splunk Answers, our customers or other users of our offerings may experience unsatisfactory results from using our offerings, which could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to grow our business. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Our use of  open source  software could negatively affect our ability to sell our offerings and subject us to possible litigation. 
    
  We use open source software in our offerings and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. We may face claims from others claiming infringement of intellectual property rights in what we believe to be licensed open source software, or seeking to enforce the terms of an open source license, including by demanding release of our proprietary source code that was developed using or linked with such open source software. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our offerings, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the open source code change, we may be forced to re-engineer our offerings or incur additional costs to find alternative tools. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, support, indemnity or assurance of title or controls on origin of the software. Further, some open source projects have known vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided on an  as-is  basis. Many of these risks associated with usage of open source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect the performance of our offerings and our business. While we have established processes to help alleviate these risks, we cannot assure that these measures will significantly reduce these risks. 
    
  If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our offerings may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our offerings, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
    
  Our offerings involve the storage and transmission of data, and security breaches could result in the loss of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. While we have taken steps to protect the confidential information that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our customer support services or customer usage of our cloud-based services, our security measures could be breached. In addition, we do not directly control content that customers store in our offerings. If customers use our offerings for the transmission or storage of personally identifiable information and our security measures are or are believed to have been breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our ability to attract new customers and increase engagement by existing customers, cause existing customers to elect to not renew their subscriptions, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby adversely affecting our financial results. 
    
  We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, credit card processing and other functions. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security. 
    
  We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection, and privacy and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 
    
  Privacy and data information security have become a significant issue in the United States and in many other countries where we offer licenses and subscriptions of our offerings. The regulatory framework for privacy and personal information security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The U.S. federal and various state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, and security of personal information. Some of these requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our service providers. Even though we may have contractual protections with our service providers, notifications related to a security breach could impact our reputation, harm our customer confidence, hurt our sales and expansion into new markets or cause us to lose existing customers.  
    
  Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States and are rapidly evolving. For example, in 2015, the European Court of Justice invalidated the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, which allowed us and other companies to meet the EU requirements for the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area to the United States, and in 2016, a new EU data protection regime, the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) was adopted. Complying with the GDPR or other new data protection laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
    
  In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning privacy, data protection and information security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.  New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. Because the interpretation and application of laws and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our offerings. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our offerings, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new offerings and features could be limited. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. 
    
  Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our offerings. For example, as a service provider to our customers, we may collect and use personally identifiable information, including protected health information, which may subject us to a number of data protection, security, privacy and other government- and industry-specific requirements, including those that require companies to notify individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ). Privacy and personal information security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our offerings particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. 
    
  If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely affected. 
    
  We depend on the continued contributions of our senior management and other key personnel, the loss of whom could adversely affect our business. On November 19, 2015, Godfrey Sullivan retired from his position as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Merritt, who previously served as our Senior Vice President, Field Operations, was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer. In May 2016, Susan St. Ledger was appointed as our Senior Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer. Our future success depends in part on successfully transitioning Mr. Merritt and Ms. St. Ledger into their new roles. With any change in leadership, there is a risk to organizational effectiveness and employee retention as well as the potential for disruption to our business. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. We do not maintain a key-person life insurance policy on any of our officers or other employees. 
    
  Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, finance and other personnel, particularly in our sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative, and professional service departments. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. 
    
  In addition, competition for qualified personnel, particularly software engineers, is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain them, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those areas. If we are unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, on a timely basis or at all, our business will be adversely affected. 

49 

     Table of Contents  

Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Many of our senior management personnel and other key employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a substantial amount of stock, restricted stock units or stock options. Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested restricted stock units or options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the options, or, conversely, if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly above the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to retain our employees, or if we need to increase our compensation expenses to retain our employees, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would be adversely affected. 
    
  Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 
    
  Current or future economic downturns or uncertainty could adversely affect our business operations or financial results. Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. 
    
  General worldwide economic conditions have experienced a significant downturn and continue to remain unstable. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate their decision to purchase our offerings, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
    
  We have a significant number of customers in the business services, energy, financial services, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, technology, manufacturing, media and entertainment, online services, retail, telecommunications and travel and transportation industries. A substantial downturn in any of these industries may cause firms to react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. Customers in these industries may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenues may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending. Also, customers may choose to develop in-house software as an alternative to using our offerings. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our offerings. 
    
  We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry or geography. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 
    
  We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
    
  We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our offerings, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
    
  We have in the past made and may in the future make acquisitions that could prove difficult to integrate and/or adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

50 

     Table of Contents  

From time to time, we may choose to expand by making acquisitions that could be material to our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability as an organization to successfully acquire and integrate technologies or businesses is unproven. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: 

an acquisition may negatively affect our financial results because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims and disputes, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 

potential goodwill impairment charges related to acquisitions;  

costs and potential difficulties associated with the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business; 

we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us or if we are unable to retain key personnel; 

we may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition; 

an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 

an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 

the potential impact on relationships with existing customers, vendors and distributors as business partners as a result of acquiring another company or business that competes with or otherwise is incompatible with those existing relationships; 

the potential that our due diligence of the acquired company or business does not identify significant problems or liabilities;  

we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired products; 

an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 

an acquisition may require us to comply with additional laws and regulations or result in liabilities resulting from the acquired company s pre-acquisition failure to comply with applicable laws; 

our use of cash to pay for an acquisition would limit other potential uses for our cash; 

if we incur debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; and 

to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
       
  The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
    
  If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our financial results, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected. 
    
  As we continue to expand our international operations, we become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore our revenues are not subject to foreign currency risk, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost of our offerings to our customers outside of the United States, adversely affecting our business operations and financial results. We incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Fluctuations in the exchange rates  
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of such expenses being higher. This could have a negative impact on our reported operating results. Although we engage in limited hedging strategies, any such strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps, related to transaction exposures that we may implement to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. 
    
  The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the United States of taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Recent changes to United States tax laws, including limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States are repatriated to the United States, as well as changes to United States tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of our foreign earnings. Due to expansion of our international business activities, any changes in the United States taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
    
  In general, under Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset future taxable income. If our existing NOLs are subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, our ability to utilize NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability. 
    
  Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
    
  We do not collect sales and use, value added and similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our financial results. 
    
  Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences. 
    
  We generally conduct our international operations through wholly owned subsidiaries, branches and representative offices and report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. We are in the process of organizing our corporate structure to more closely align with the international nature of our business activities. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard. 
    
  We could be subject to additional tax liabilities. 
    
  We are subject to federal, state and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We previously discovered that we have not complied with various tax rules and regulations in certain foreign jurisdictions. We are working to resolve these matters. In addition, our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations, including those relating to income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. We may be audited in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may  
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

assess additional taxes against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of any tax audits or litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which a determination is made. 
    
  Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us. 
    
  Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. For example, in May 2014, the FASB issued accounting standards update No. 2014-09 (Topic 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. We will be required to implement this new revenue standard, as amended by accounting standards update No. 2015-14, in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. While we are still evaluating the total impact of the new revenue standard, we believe the adoption of this new standard will have a material impact on our financial statements and the way we account for arrangements involving a term license. These or other changes in accounting principles could adversely effect our financial results. Any difficulties in implementing these pronouncements could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors  confidence in us. 
    
  Our stock price has been volatile, may continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our financial performance.  
    
  The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results; 

the financial projections we provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet or exceed these projections; 

failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 

price and volume fluctuations in certain categories of companies or the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the global economy; 

any major change in our board of directors or management; 

lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and 

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events. 
       
  In addition, the stock markets, and in particular the market on which our common stock is listed, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the financial performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
    
  If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, our market and our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
    
  Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
    
  The market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, employees and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. As of   October 31, 2016  , we had outstanding approximately 135.6 million shares of our common stock. We have also registered shares of common stock that we may issue under our employee equity incentive plans. These shares will be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance.  
    
  The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
    
  As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased our legal and financial compliance costs, made some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increased and will continue to increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
    
  In addition, changing laws, regulations, standards and practices relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, standards and practices are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as regulatory and governing bodies provide new guidance or as market practices develop. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We will continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards and keeping abreast of current practices, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance and corporate governance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. 
    
  As a result of disclosure of information as a public company, our business and financial condition have become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business operations and financial results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees, executive officers and members of our board of directors. 
    
  We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. These internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
    
  We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to have our independent registered public accounting firm issue an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial  
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

reporting on an annual basis. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. 
    
  If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
    
  We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
    
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, price appreciation of our common stock, which may never occur, may be the only way our stockholders realize any future gains on their investments. 
    
  Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
    
  Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that: 

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our board of directors; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chairman of our board of directors, or our Chief Executive Officer; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 

require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of a supermajority of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
       
  These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any  interested  stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an  interested  stockholder.  

Item 2.               Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Not applicable. 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Item 6.               Exhibits. 
    
  The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report. 
  
   56 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT 
  INDEX 

# 
      
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

57 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 9, 2016 

SPLUNK INC. 

By: 
    /s/ David F. Conte 

David F. Conte 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

58 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101103116.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

October 12, 2016 
    
  Mr. Richard Campione  
  c/o Splunk Inc. 
  250 Brannan Street 
  San Francisco, CA 94107 
    
    Re:    Your Splunk Employment Offer 
    
  Dear Richard: 
    
  I am thrilled and delighted to offer you the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Product Officer of Splunk Inc. (the    Company   ), reporting to me.  We are all very excited to have you join the team.  In your role, you will have the opportunity to make a meaningful impact upon our future success.  Understandably, this offer is contingent upon you fully cooperating with, and successfully completing, background and reference checks, including completing and returning the enclosed Director and Officer Questionnaire.  Here are the terms of our proposed agreement (the    Agreement   ): 
    
  1.  Annual Salary; Executive Bonus  .  Your gross base salary will be $400,000 per year and you will be paid semi-monthly at a rate of approximately $16,667, less applicable deductions and withholdings. In addition, you will participate in Splunk's Executive Bonus Plan and you will be eligible to earn an annual bonus of 70% of your base salary at target, based on actual achievement of Company financial goal(s), as determined by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors   (   Compensation Committee   ),   and pro-rated as of the Effective Date (defined below).  Your annual on target earnings initially will be $680,000. Under current practices (which may change in the future), you will be paid a mid-fiscal-year bonus of up to 50% of your annual bonus at target but pro-rated for the time you have worked during the fiscal year.  Any mid-fiscal-year bonus will be based on the Company's actual achievement of financial performance metrics through the end of the fiscal second quarter.  Your mid-fiscal-year bonus will be included in the calculation of your annual bonus and your year-end bonus payment will be equal to your calculated annual bonus, less any mid-fiscal-year bonus paid for that fiscal year.  Since the Effective Date of your employment is beyond the Company s current mid-fiscal-year, the mid-fiscal-year bonus described in this letter will apply beginning next fiscal year.  The year-end bonus payment will be made approximately 45 days after the completion of the fiscal year and after the Compensation Committee's review and approval of executive bonuses.  Note that all payments to you will be made after applicable withholdings. 
    
  2.  Start Date  .      Your start date will be November 14, 2016 (the      Effective Date   ). 
    
  3.  Benefits  .      You will be eligible to participate in the healthcare, 40l(k), employee stock purchase and other employee benefit plans established for our employees.  You will be entitled to 15 days or such other amount as your manager may approve of Paid Time-Off (PTO) annually, accrued on a semi-monthly basis in accordance with Company policy.  You are also authorized to fly business class while on Company business in circumstances that you reasonably determine are appropriate and will be provided with parking for one motocycle in the Company s 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA office. 
    
  4.  Equity  .     We will recommend to the Compensation Committee that you be granted 100,000 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).  The RSUs will vest over approximately 4 years with 25% of the RSUs vesting on or about December 10, 2017 and 1/16th of the RSUs vesting quarterly thereafter as specified in your RSU agreement, so long as you remain employed by the Company.  We also will recommend to the Compensation Committee that you be granted 60,000 Performance Stock Units (PSUs) in connection with the Company s next annual executive grant, which is expected to occur in March 2017.  Any PSU grant will be subject to the terms and conditions of the then current PSU agreement, including without limitation the relevant performance metrics and measurement period as well as vesting terms. 

5.  Confidentiality  .    As an employee of the Company, you will have access to confidential information of the Company and certain third parties and you may, during the course of your employment, create inventions, improvements designs, original works of authorship, computer software programs, trade secrets and other matters that will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.  You hereby irrevocably assign each such invention, work and matter to the Company.  As a condition of employment, you are required to comply with the terms of the Company s  Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement,  which is attached to this Agreement.  We wish to impress upon you that the Company does not want you to, and we hereby direct you not to, bring with you or use on behalf of the Company, any confidential or proprietary material or information of any former employer or other third party.  In addition, you must not violate any other obligation you may have to any former employer or other third party.  During the period that you render services to the Company, you agree you will not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of the Company.  You will disclose to the Company, in writing, any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with the Company and that you become associated with during the period that you render services to the Company.  You will not assist any other person or organization in competing with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of the Company.  By signing this Agreement you certify that your employment with the Company will not violate any contractual or other legal obligation that would prohibit or limit you from performing your duties to the Company. 
    
  6.  At-Will Employment  .      During your entire employment you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without Cause (defined below).  Your participation in any equity or benefit program does not assure you of continuing employment for any particular period of time.  Any modification or change in your at-will employment status may only occur by way of a written agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
    
  7.  Severance  .  We will recommend to the Compensation Committee that you also receive the following severance benefits. 
    
  (a)  Separation in Event of Termination Within the 3-Month Period Before or 12-Month Period Following a Change in Control  .  In the event of your involuntary separation from employment with the Company without Cause or for Good Reason (defined below), in each case within the period that begins after the signing of a definitive agreement that ultimately results in a Change in Control within three (3) months of  its signing or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control   (   Change in Control Period   ),   then, in addition to any accrued compensation, and provided that you deliver to the Company a signed release of claims in favor of the Company   (   Release   ),   and satisfy all conditions to make the Release effective within sixty (60) days following your separation from service, you shall be entitled to the benefits as set forth below: 
    
  (i)  Lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of your then-current base salary, plus a pro-rated portion of your annual target bonus for the time you are actively employed in the fiscal year of termination; 
    
  (ii)  Provided you timely elect to continue health coverage under COBRA, reimbursement for any monthly COBRA premium payments made by you in the twelve (12) months following your separation from service.  If at the time you separate from service, it would result in a Company excise tax to reimburse you for COBRA premiums, then no such premiums will be reimbursed and if doing so would not cause imposition of an excise tax, you will be paid a single lump sum of $24,000; and 
    
  (iii)  Acceleration of vesting as to all then-unvested shares or rights subject to all equity awards which have been granted to you.  You shall have six (6) months following your separation from service from the Company in which to exercise any stock options that have been granted to you. 
    
  (b)  Severance in Event of Termination Without Cause Outside the Change in Control Period  .  In the event of your involuntary separation from employment with the Company without Cause not during the Change in Control Period, then, in addition to any accrued compensation, and provided that you deliver to the Company a signed Release and satisfy all conditions to make the Release effective within sixty (60) days following your separation from service, you shall be entitled to benefits as set forth below: 
    
  (i)  Lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of your then-current base salary, plus a pro-rated portion of your annual target bonus for the time you are actively employed in the fiscal year of termination; 
    
  (ii)  Provided you timely elect to continue health coverage under COBRA, reimbursement for any monthly COBRA premium payments made by you in the six (6) months following your separation from service.  If at the time  

you separate from service,  it would result in a Company excise tax to reimburse you for COBRA premiums then no such premiums will be reimbursed and if doing so would not cause imposition of an excise tax, you will be paid a single lump sum of $12,000; and 
    
  (iii)  Acceleration of vesting as to a number of shares or rights subject to all equity awards which have been granted to you as would have vested in the six (6) months following your separation from service.  You shall have six (6) months following your separation from service from the Company in which to exercise any vested options that have been granted to you. 
    
  8.  Section 409A Matters  . 
    
  (a)  For purposes of this Agreement, no payment will be made to you upon termination of your employment unless such termination constitutes a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the      Code   ),   and Section 1.409A-l(h) of the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
    
  (b)  To the extent any payments to which you become entitled under this agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with your separation from service from the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code (the      Deferred Payments   ),   such payments will be paid on, or in the case of installments, will not commence, until the sixtieth (60   th   ) day following your separation from service, or if later, such time as required by Section 8(c).  Except as required by Section 8(c), any installment payments that would have been made to you during the sixty (60) day period immediately following your separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid to you on or around the sixtieth (60   th   ) day following your separation from service and the remaining payments will be made as provided herein. 
    
  (c)  If you are deemed at the time of such separation from service to be a  specified employee  under Section 409A of the Code, then any Deferred Payment(s) shall not be made or commence until the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of your  separation from service  (as such term is at the time defined in Treasury Regulations under Section 409A of the Code) with the Company or (ii) the date of your death following such separation from service; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to you, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20%) tax for which you would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(l)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral.  Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to you or your beneficiary in one lump sum. 
    
  (d)  To the extent any payments to which you become entitled under this agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with your separation from service from the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, you and the Company may make changes to this Agreement to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A.  Each payment and benefit payable hereunder is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
    
  9.  Definitions  . 
    
  (a)      Cause  .  For purposes of this Agreement,      Cause      means (i) your conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude which the Board believes has had or will have a detrimental effect on the Company's reputation or business, (ii) your engaging in an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your employment obligations and duties, (iii) your committing an act of fraud against, material misconduct or willful misappropriation of property belonging to the Company; (iv) your engaging in any other misconduct that has had or will have an adverse effect on the Company's reputation or business; or (v) your breach of the Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement or other unauthorized misuse of the Company's or a third party's trade secrets or proprietary information. 
    
  (b)      Change in Control  .  For purposes of this Agreement      Change in Control      means (i) a sale, conveyance, exchange or transfer (excluding any venture-backed or similar investments in the Company) in which any person or entity, other than persons or entities who as of immediately prior to such sale, conveyance, exchange or transfer own securities in the Company, either directly or indirectly, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty (50%) percent of the total voting power of all its then-outstanding voting securities; (ii) a merger or consolidation of the Company in which its voting securities immediately prior to the merger or consolidation do not represent, or are not converted into securities  

that represent, a majority of the voting power of all voting securities of the surviving entity immediately after the merger or consolidation; or (iii) a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company or a liquidation or dissolution of the  Company. 
    
  (c)      Good Reason  .  For purposes of this Agreement,      Good Reason      means any of the following taken without your written consent and provided (a) the Company receives, within thirty (30) days following the occurrence of any of the events set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) below, written notice from you specifying the specific basis for your belief that you are entitled to terminate employment for Good Reason, (b) the Company fails to cure the event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice thereof,  and (c) you terminate your employment within thirty (30) days following expiration of such cure period: (i) a material change, adverse to you, in your position, title(s), office(s) or duties; (ii) an assignment of any significant duties to you that are inconsistent with your positions or offices held under this Agreement; (iii) a decrease in your then-current annual base salary by more than 10% (other than  in connection with a general decrease in the salary of all executives); or (iv) your relocation to a facility or a location more than thirty (30) miles from your residence. 
    
  10.  Authorization to Work  .  As required by law, this offer of employment is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States within three (3) business days of starting your employment. 
    
  11.  Policies  .  You acknowledge that you have read and will comply with all Company policies, guidelines and processes in effect throughout your employment, including but not limited to the attached Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Insider Trading Policy, Anticorruption Compliance Policy and Guidelines, and U.S.  Export Control Compliance Policy Statement.  You acknowledge that the Company may implement, modify or revoke Company policies, guidelines and processes from time to time, and you agree to read and comply with each then-current policy, guideline and/or process. 
    
  12.  Arbitration  . 
    
  (a)      Arbitration  .  In consideration of your employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and your receipt of the compensation, pay raises, and other benefits paid to you by the Company, at present and in the future, you agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder, or benefit plan of the Company, in their capacity as such or otherwise), arising out of: relating to, or resulting from your employment with the Company or the termination of your employment with the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the arbitration provisions set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure sections 1280 through 1294.2, including section 1281.8 (the      Act   ),   and pursuant to California law, and shall be brought in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.  The Federal Arbitration Act shall continue to apply with full force and effect notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth in the Act.  Disputes that you agree to arbitrate, and thereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of your rights under section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act.  You further understand that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with you.  
    
  (b)      Procedure  .  You agree that any arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services, Inc.   (   JAMS   ),   pursuant to its employment arbitration rules   procedures (the    JAMS rules   ),   which are available at    http://www.jamsadr.com/rules    employment-arbitration/ and from Human Resources.  You agree that the arbitrator shall issue a written decision on the merits.  You also agree that the arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law.  You agree that the decree or award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered as a final and binding judgment in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  You understand that the Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or JAMS except that you shall pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that you initiate, but only so much of the filing fees as you would have instead paid had you filed a complaint in a court of law.  You agree that the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence Code, and that the arbitrator shall apply substantive and procedural California law to any dispute or claim, without reference to rules of conflict of law.  To the extent that the JAMS rules conflict with California law, California law shall take precedence.  You agree that any arbitration hearing under this Agreement shall be conducted in San Francisco County, California. 

(c)      Remedy  .      Except as provided by the Act and this Agreement, arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between you and the Company.  Accordingly, except as provided for by the Act and this Agreement, neither you nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. 
    
  (d)      Administrative relief  .      This Agreement does not prohibit you from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers' Compensation Board.  This Agreement does, however, preclude you from pursuing court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law. 
    
  (e)      Voluntary nature of Agreement  .    You acknowledge and agree that you are executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else.  You further acknowledge and agree that you have carefully read this Agreement and that you have asked any questions needed for you to understand the terms, consequences, and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that you are waiving your right to a jury trial.  Finally, you agree that you have been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of your choice before signing this Agreement. 
    
  13.  Complete Agreement  .    You understand and agree that after this Agreement is signed by you and the Company, this Agreement shall supersede any prior offer letter(s), employment agreement(s) and/or any addenda existing between the parties, whether written or verbal.  This Agreement can only be modified by a written agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
    
  14.  Acceptance  .    To accept this Agreement, please sign in the space indicated and return to me.  Your signature will acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions at (415) 852-5852. 

Best, 
    
  /s/ Doug Merritt 
    
  Doug Merritt 
  Chief Executive Officer and President 
  Splunk Inc. 

Enclosures: 
    
  -    Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement  
  -    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
  -    Insider Trading Policy 
  -    Anticorruption Compliance Policy and Guidelines 
  -    U.S. Export Controls Compliance Policy Statement 
  -    Director and Officer Questionnaire 

Acceptance and Agreement 
    
  I have read, understand, and agree to each of the terms and conditions set forth above. 

I further acknowledge that no promises or commitments have been made to me except as specifically set forth herein. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311103116.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Douglas S. Merritt, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Splunk Inc.; 
    
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a.     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a.     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ Douglas S. Merritt 
        
    Douglas S. Merritt 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312103116.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, David F. Conte, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Splunk Inc.; 
    
  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a.     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b.    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a.     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ David F. Conte  
        
    David F. Conte 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321103116.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), Douglas S. Merritt, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of Splunk Inc. (the  Company ), and David F. Conte, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
    
  1. Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
    
  2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ Douglas S. Merritt 
      
    /s/ David F. Conte  
      Douglas S. Merritt 
      
    David F. Conte 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
      
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 splk-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 splk-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 splk-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 splk-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 splk-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 splk-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

