<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1287151_0001287151-16-000230_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10875876</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164290</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>472517</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4028811</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4653437</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1350733</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001287151-16-000230.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027161147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001287151-16-000230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001287151
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILS, MAN MADE FIBER & SILK [2221]
		IRS NUMBER:				421558674
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32498
		FILM NUMBER:		161955653

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14101 CAPITAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			YOUNGSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27596
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-526-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14101 CAPITAL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			YOUNGSVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27596

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001287151-16-000230.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 xrm-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
     ________________________    
  FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 

For the transition period from             to              
  Commission File Number 001-32498 
     ________________________    
  Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
     ________________________    

(919) 526-1400 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
     ________________________    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                               Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
        x 
      Non-accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange  
  Act).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.    Yes           No      
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding as of   October 26, 2016   was   16,125,868    

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                    Part I. Financial Information  

Page 
      Item 1. 
    Unaudited    Financial Statements  
    3 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    25 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    34 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    34 
        
       Part II. Other Information  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    35 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    35 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
    35 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    35 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
                 ITEM 1. 
    UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Dollars in thousands and unaudited) 

3 

Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data and unaudited) 

4 

Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Dollars in thousands and unaudited) 

5 

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
   
  1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
  Description of Business 
    
             Xerium Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") is a leading global provider of industrial consumables and mechanical services used in the production of paper, paperboard, building products and nonwoven materials. Its operations are strategically located in the major paper-making regions of the world, including North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements at   September 30, 2016   and for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Accordingly, such financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The interim results presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire year. In management s opinion, these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements contain all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the interim periods presented. These unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   as reported on the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2016. 
  Accounting Policies 
  Inventories, net 
  Inventories are generally valued at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Raw materials are valued principally on a weighted average cost basis. The Company s work in process and finished goods are specifically identified and valued based on actual inputs to production. Provisions are recorded as appropriate to write-down obsolete and excess inventory to estimated net realizable value. The process for evaluating obsolete and excess inventory often requires management to make subjective judgments and estimates concerning future sales levels, quantities and prices at which such inventory will be able to be sold in the normal course of business, while considering the general aging of inventory and factoring in any new business conditions.  
  The components of inventories are as follows at: 

Goodwill 
  The Company accounts for goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 350,   Intangibles Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   ( Topic 350 ). Topic 350 requires that goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives not be amortized, but instead, must be tested for impairment at least annually or whenever events or business conditions warrant. During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company evaluated events and business conditions to determine if a test for an impairment of goodwill was warranted. No such events or business conditions took place during this period, therefore no test was determined to be warranted at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Warranties 
  The Company offers warranties on certain roll products that it sells. The specific terms and conditions of these warranties vary depending on the product sold, the country in which the product is sold and arrangements with the customer. The Company  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

estimates the costs that may be incurred under its warranties and records a liability in Accrued Expenses on its Consolidated Balance Sheet for such costs. Factors that affect the Company s warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, cost per claim and new product introduction. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty claims and adjusts the amounts as necessary. The table below represents the changes in the Company s warranty liability for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Net (Loss) Income Per Common Share 
  Net (loss) income per common share has been computed and presented pursuant to the provisions of ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share   ( Topic 260 ). Net (loss) income per share is based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. As of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, the Company had outstanding restricted stock units ( RSUs ), deferred stock units ( DSUs ) and options. 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted weighted-average shares:    

  The following table sets forth the aggregate of the potentially dilutive securities that were outstanding in the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the impact would have been anti-dilutive: 

Impairment 
           The Company reviews its long-lived assets that have finite lives for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 360,   Property, Plant, and Equipment   ( Topic 360 ). This topic requires that companies evaluate the fair value of long-lived assets based on the anticipated undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by the assets when indicators of impairment exist to determine if there is impairment to the carrying value. Any change in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of the Company's evaluation has been recorded in either restructuring expense, if it was a result of the Company's restructuring activities, or general and administrative expense for all other impairments in the consolidated statements of operations. For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had no impairment charges included in restructuring expense.  
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
          
           In March of 2016,   t  he FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No 2016-09   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 will change certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments to employees. The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. It also will allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur.  ASU 2016-09 is required to be adopted in January of 2017. The Company early adopted this standard at June 30, 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , the adoption of the standard has resulting in the classification of   $1.8 million   and   $2.2 million   of employee taxes paid on equity awards as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016    
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

and   September 30, 2015   respectively.  The remaining provisions of ASU 2016-09 did not have a material impact on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
            In February of 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No 2016-02   Leases   ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 includes final guidance that requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses in the income statement in a manner similar to today s accounting. The guidance also eliminates today s real estate-specific provisions and changes the guidance on sale-leaseback transactions, initial direct costs and lease executory costs for all entities. For lessors, the standard modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. All entities will classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue and expense. Classification will continue to affect amounts that lessors record on the balance sheet. Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. They have the option to use certain relief. Full retrospective application is prohibited. ASU 2016-02 is effective for public companies with annual periods beginning after 15 December 2018, and interim periods within those years. For all other entities, it is effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2019, and interim periods the following year. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. The Company is in the process of evaluating this accounting standard update. 
    
           In November of 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740),   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes   ("ASU 2015-17"). This guidance requires companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current on the balance sheet instead of separating deferred taxes into current and non-current amounts.  For public companies, the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2016 (i.e., 2017 for a calendar-year company) and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2017 (i.e., 2018 for a calendar-year company), and interim periods within annual periods beginning a year later. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted. Companies can adopt the guidance either prospectively or retrospectively. The Company is in the process of evaluating this accounting standard update and does not expect that adopting ASU 2015-17 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
           In July of 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update   Inventory   ("ASU 2015-11").      ASU 2015-11 applies only to first-in, first-out (FIFO) and average cost inventory costing methods and will reduce costs and increase comparability for these methods. There will be no change for last-in, first-out, (LIFO) or retail inventory methods as the costs of transitioning to a new method would outweigh the benefits due to the complexity of these methods. Under this ASU, inventory should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value (selling prices in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation). When the net realizable value of inventory is less than its cost, the difference will be recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it occurs. This ASU more closely aligns the measurement of inventory under GAAP with International Financial Reporting Standards guidance. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and for other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments should be applied prospectively, and early application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is in the process of evaluating this accounting standard update. 
    
           In May of 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ("ASU 2014-09"). ASU 2014-09 requires the use of a new five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. The five-step model requires that the Company identify the contract with the customer, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and recognize revenue when it satisfies the performance obligations. The Company will also be required to disclose information regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 is required to be adopted in January of 2018. Retrospective application is required either to all periods presented or with the cumulative effect of initial adoption recognized in the period of adoption. In addition, in March of 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-08 P  rincipal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross vs. Net)   ("ASU 2016-08"). ASU 2016-08 amends the principal versus agent guidance in ASU 2014-09, and clarifies that the analysis must focus on whether the entity has control of the goods or services before they are transfered to the customer. ASU 2014-09 is required to be adopted in January of 2018. The Company is in the process of evaluating this accounting standard update. 
   
  2. Business Acquisitions 
  On May 4, 2016, the Company acquired JJ Plank Corporation/Spencer Johnston ( Spencer Johnston ), a spreader roll company headquartered in Neenah, Wisconsin for a total purchase price of   $18.0 million  . This acquisition adds diversity to Xerium s growing rolls business in North America and will expand its current product offerings, service capabilities and its  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

markets served, strengthen its financial profile and grow its customer base.  The Company acquired all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Spencer Johnston and obtained one hundred percent of the voting equity interest. 
    
  Because the transaction was completed on May 4, 2016, the final purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change based on additional reviews performed, such as asset verification.  Specific accounts subject to ongoing purchase accounting adjustments include but are not limited to working capital and goodwill. Therefore, the measurement period remains open as of September 30, 2016. The Company anticipates completing these purchase price accounting adjustments during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  The purchase price of   $18.0 million   resulted in net assets acquired other than goodwill of   $15.3 million   and goodwill of   $2.7 million  .  All of the goodwill is allocated to the Rolls business segment. The Company made   $0.9 million   in goodwill reductions during the quarter ending September 30, 2016, a   $0.4 million   purchase price adjustment (working capital true-up) and a   $0.5 million   inventory valuation adjustment.  
  Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  The goodwill was generated by the synergies the transaction provides. 
  The Company incurred roughly   $0.7 million   of transaction related expenses during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  These expenses were charged to SG A expense in the period incurred.  
   
  3. Derivatives and Hedging 
  Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
  The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. From time to time, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates or foreign exchange rates. 
  Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
  From time to time, the Company uses interest rate derivatives to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. However, at   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   interest rate swaps.  
  Non-designated Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk 
  Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company s exposure to foreign exchange rates, but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements of ASC Topic 815. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. 
  The Company, from time to time, may enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to fix currencies at specified rates based on expected future cash flows to protect against the fluctuations in cash flows resulting from sales denominated in foreign currencies. Additionally, to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency on intercompany balances and certain purchase commitments, the Company from time to time may use foreign exchange forward contracts. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had outstanding derivatives that were not designated as hedges in qualifying hedging relationships. The value of these contracts is recognized at fair value based on market exchange forward rates and is recorded in other assets or other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following represents the fair value of these derivatives at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and the change in fair value included in foreign exchange gain (loss) in the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The following represents the notional amounts of foreign exchange forward contracts at   September 30, 2016  : 

Fair Value of Derivatives Under ASC Topic 820 
  ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   ( Topic 820 ), emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). 
  Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs including fair value of investments that do not have the ability to redeem at net asset value as of the measurement date, or during the first quarter following the measurement date. The derivative assets or liabilities are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is little, if any, market activity. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and the Company considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The Company determined that its derivative valuations, which are based on market exchange forward rates, fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

4. Long term Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , long term debt consisted of the following: 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

On August 9, 2016, the Company closed on   $480 million   aggregate principal amount of   9.5%   Senior Secured Notes due August  2021 (the "Notes"), which were sold at a price equal to   98.54%   of their face value.  The Notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year beginning on February 15, 2017 and will mature on August 15, 2021, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased.   
  The Indenture to the Notes and the ABL Facility contain certain customary covenants that, subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to, among other things: 
             
    declare dividends or redeem or repurchase equity interests; 
        prepay, redeem or purchase debt; 
      incur liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions; 
      make loans and investments; 
      incur additional indebtedness; 
     amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; 
     engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales; 
     transact with affiliates; and 
     engage in businesses that are not related to the Company's existing business. 
  The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to repay all amounts outstanding under its existing term loan credit facility, to redeem all of its   8.875%   Senior Notes due 2018 at a redemption price equal to   102.219%   of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to the date of redemption, to pay fees and expenses relating to these transactions, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  
  On May 17, 2013, The Company also entered into a Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement originally for a   $40.0 million   asset-based revolving credit facility subject to a borrowing base among Xerium Technologies, Inc., as a US borrower, Xerium Canada Inc., as Canadian borrower, certain direct and indirect U.S. subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors and certain financial institutions (the "Domestic Revolver").  On March 3, 2014, the Company entered into an amendment to the Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (as amended, the  ABL Facility,  and collectively with the Term Credit Facility, the  Credit Facility ), increasing the aggregate availability under the ABL Facility to   $55 million  . On November 3, 2015, the Company refinanced its then existing ABL Facility and entered into a new Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (as amended, the "ABL Facility") with one of its existing ABL lenders. The amount of the ABL Facility continues to provide aggregate availability of   $55 million   and the collateral pledged thereunder has remained the same. The ABL Facility matures in November of 2020 and accrues interest at either an Alternative Base rate (Prime plus 75 bps) or Fixed LIBOR (LIBOR +175 bps).  As of   September 30, 2016   these rates were   4.25%   and   2.40%  , respectively.  
           On July 17, 2015 (the "Closing Date"), Xerium China, Co., Ltd. ("Xerium China"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into and closed a Fixed Assets Loan Contract (the "Loan Agreement") with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Shanghai-Jingan Branch (the  Bank ) with respect to a RMB   58.5 million   loan, which was approximately   $9.4 million   USD on July 17, 2015.  The loan is secured by pledged machinery and equipment of Xerium China  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

and guaranteed by Xerium Asia Pacific (Shanghai) Limited and Stowe Woodward (Changzhou) Roll Technologies Co. Ltd., which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to guarantee agreements (the "Guarantee Agreements"). Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the loan accrues at a benchmark rate plus a margin.   The current interest rate at   September 30, 2016   is approximately   5.8%  . The interest rate will be adjusted every   12   months during the term of the loan, based on the benchmark interest rate adjustment.  Interest under the loan is payable quarterly in arrears. Principal on the loan is to be repaid in part every   six   months following the Closing Date, in accordance with a predetermined schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement. Proceeds of the Loan will be used by Xerium China to purchase production equipment. The Loan Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties and provisions relating to events of default.    
  On May 26, 2011, the Company completed a refinancing transaction, which replaced certain of its then outstanding indebtedness with   $240 million   aggregate principal amount of   8.875%   senior unsecured notes. The notes were repaid with proceeds from the   9.5%   senior secured notes.  
   On May 17, 2013, the Company entered into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement for a   $200.0 million   (increased to   $230 million   on August 18, 2016) term loan credit facility (the  Term Credit Facility ), net of a discount of   $1.0 million  , among the Company, certain direct and indirect U.S. subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors and certain financial institutions. This facility was repaid with proceeds from the   9.5%   senior secured notes.  
           As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding balance of the Company's term debt under its ABL Facility and Notes was    $480.0 million  . In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , an aggregate of   $22.1 million   is available for additional borrowings. This availability represents a borrowing base of   $34.2 million   less   $12.1 million   of that facility committed for letters of credit or additional borrowings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
         As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the Company s long term debt was   $496.4 million   and its fair value was approximately   $503.6 million  . The Company determined the fair value of its debt utilizing significant other observable inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy). 

Capitalized Lease Liabilities 
    
         As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had capitalized lease liabilities totaling   $20.4 million  . These amounts represent the lease on the corporate headquarters and the Kunshan, China facility, as well as other leases for software, vehicles and machinery and equipment. In addition, in April of 2016, the Company entered into sales - lease back arrangements totaling   $6.0   million for various machinery and equipment in North America. The proceeds were used to partially fund the Spencer Johnston acquisition, which closed in May of 2016.  
   
  5. Income Taxes 
    
  The Company utilizes the liability method for accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740  , Income Taxes   ( Topic 740 ). Under Topic 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between their financial reporting and tax basis. The assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company reduces its deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this determination, the Company evaluates all available information including the Company s financial position and results of operations for the current and preceding years, as well as any available projected information for future years. 
  For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the provision for income taxes was   $0.0 million   and   $4.6 million   as compared to   $0.8 million    and   $9.2 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in tax expense in the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to the geographic mix of earnings, as well as tax benefits from  interest deductions in Brazil and the impact of the intra-period allocation as a result of the loss from continuing operations and income from other comprehensive income. Generally, the provision for income taxes is primarily impacted by income earned in tax paying jurisdictions relative to income earned in non-tax paying jurisdictions.  The majority of income recognized for purposes of computing the effective tax rate is earned in countries where the statutory income tax rates range from   15.0%   to   35.4%  ; however, permanent income adjustments recorded against pre-tax earnings may result in an effective tax rate that is higher or lower than the statutory tax rate in these jurisdictions. The Company generates losses in certain jurisdictions for which   no   tax benefit is realized, as the deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions (including the net operating losses) are fully reserved in the valuation allowance. For this reason, the Company recognizes minimal income tax expense or benefit in these jurisdictions, of which the most material jurisdictions are the United States and Australia. Due to these reserves, the geographic mix of the Company s pre-tax earnings has a direct correlation with how high or low its annual effective tax rate is relative to consolidated earnings.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

As the Company continues to reorganize and restructure its operations, it is possible that deferred tax assets, for which   no   income tax benefit has previously been provided, may more likely than not become realized. The Company continues to evaluate future operations and will record an income tax benefit in the period where it believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be able to be realized. The most material unrecognized deferred tax asset relates to the U.S. By 2029, future U.S. earnings ranging between   $40 million   and   $120 million  , generated by U.S. earnings from continuing operations or qualified tax planning strategies, would be required in order to fully recognize the U.S. deferred tax asset. Historic and future ownership changes could potentially reduce the amount of net operating loss carry-forwards available for use.  
            As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a gross amount of unrecognized tax benefit of   $7.9 million  , exclusive of interest and penalties. The unrecognized tax benefit increased by approximately   $0.4 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as a result of new positions related to the current year and foreign currency effects.  
            The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as income tax expense, which were   $0.1 million   and   $0.1 million   related to the unrecognized tax benefits for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The tax years 2002 through 2015 remain open to examination in a number of the major tax jurisdictions to which the Company and its subsidiaries are subject. The Company believes that it has made adequate provisions for all income tax uncertainties. 
   
  6. Pensions, Other Post-retirement and Post-employment Benefits 
  The Company accounts for its pensions, other post-retirement and post-employment benefit plans in accordance with ASC Topic 715,   Compensation Retirement Benefits   ( Topic 715 ). The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its U.S. and Canadian employees and employees of certain subsidiaries in other countries. Benefits are generally based on the employee s years of service and compensation. These plans are funded in conformity with the funding requirements of applicable government regulations. The Company does not fund certain plans, as funding is not required. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. In addition, the Company also intends to fund its U.K. and Canadian defined benefit plans in accordance with local regulations. 
    
  Curtailment accounting was triggered with the June 30, 2016 freeze of a North America rolls plant s pension plan. As a result, a curtailment gain was recorded in the second quarter of 2016 in the amount of   $2.7 million  , as a reduction to pension liability, and a decrease to other comprehensive loss. 
  As required by Topic 715, the following tables summarize the components of net periodic benefit cost: 
  Defined Benefit Plans  

7. Comprehensive (Loss) Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  Comprehensive (loss) income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (net of tax expense of   $803 thousand   and   $1,541 thousand  ) and 2015 (net of a tax benefit of   $97 thousand   and net of tax expense of   $183   thousand) is as follows: 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows (net of tax benefits of   $5.5 million  ): 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows (net of tax benefits of   $5.5 million  ): 

For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the amortization of actuarial losses is included in cost of products sold and general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

14 

     Table of Contents  

8. Restructuring Expense 
            For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred restructuring expenses of   $8.1 million  . These included   $1.4 million   of charges related to the closure of the Middletown, Va. facility and   $6.7 million   of charges relating to headcount reductions and other costs related to previous plant closures.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company incurred restructuring expenses of   $12.7 million  .  These included charges of   $4.1 million   relating to the closure of the Joao Pessoa, Brazil plant   $4.5 million   charges related to the closure of Warwick, Canada machine clothing facility, and   $4.1 million   of charges relating to headcount reductions and other costs related to previous plant closures.  
  The following table sets forth the significant components of the restructuring accrual (included in Accrued Expenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheet), including activity under restructuring programs for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) Excludes   $1.0 million   of impairment expense. 
  Restructuring and impairment expense by segment, which is not included in Segment Earnings in Note 9, is as follows: 

9. Business Segment Information 
  The Company is a global manufacturer and supplier of consumable products used primarily in the production of paper and is organized into   two   reportable segments: clothing and roll covers. The clothing segment represents the manufacture and sale of synthetic textile belts used to transport paper along the length of papermaking machines. The roll covers segment primarily represents the manufacture and refurbishment of covers used on the steel rolls of papermaking machines and the servicing of those rolls. The Company manages each of these operating segments separately. 
  Management evaluates segment performance based on adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, yet after allocation of corporate charges. Such measure is then adjusted to exclude items that are of an unusual nature and are not used in measuring segment performance or are not segment specific ( Segment Earnings (Loss) ). The accounting policies of these segments are the same as those for the Company as a whole. Inter-segment net sales and inter-segment eliminations are not material for any of the periods presented. 
  Summarized financial information for the Company s reportable segments is presented in the tables that follow for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Provided below is a reconciliation of Segment Earnings (Loss) to (Loss) Income before provision for income taxes for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company is involved in various legal matters which have arisen in the ordinary course of business as a result of various immaterial labor claims, taxing authority reviews and other routine legal matters. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company accrued an immaterial amount in its financial statements for these matters for which the Company believed the possibility of loss was probable and was able to estimate the damages. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flow. The Company believes that any additional liability in excess of amounts provided which may result from the resolution of legal matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, liquidity or cash flow of the Company.  

11. Stock-Based Compensation and Stockholders  Deficit 
  The Company records stock-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC Topic 718,   Accounting for Stock Compensation   and has used the straight-line attribution method to recognize expense for RSUs, options and DSUs. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   as follows:    
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Related to RSUs, Options and DSUs awarded to certain employees and non-employee directors. 
       
  Long-Term Incentive  Program 2016 LTIP 
    
  On May 4, 2016, the Board of Directors approved the 2016 - 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2016 - 2018 LTIP ) under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ). Awards under the 2016 - 2018 LTIP are time-based, performance-based and market-based. A specific target share award has been set for each participant in the 2016 - 2018 LTIP. Awards will be paid in the form of shares of common stock of the Company, as described below:           
             
    182,190   Time-based awards, or   35%   of the total target award for each participant, have been granted in the form of time-based restricted stock units under the Company s 2010 Plan. The time-based restricted stock units vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant. 
                
    338,354   Performance-based and Market-based awards,   65%   of the total target award for each participant, have been granted in the form of performance-based stock units under the 2010 Plan. Of these units, one third will vest based on the financial performance of the Company as measured by Adjusted EBITDA, one third will vest based on the free cash flow of the Company and the other one third will vest based on the stock price performance of the Company. 
       
  Half of the performance-based stock units whose vesting is subject to the financial performance of the Company (the  financial stock units ) will vest based on the degree to which the Company achieves a targeted three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA metric, adjusted for currency fluctuations, over the performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018. Financial stock units that vest will convert into shares of the Company s common stock and be paid after the close of a three-year performance period. The amount of units that vest will range from   50%   to   200%   of the employee's total financial stock units. Upon attainment of cumulative Adjusted EBITDA equal to   90%   or less of the targeted Adjusted EBITDA,   none   of the financial stock units will vest. Upon attainment of more than   90%   of the targeted Adjusted EBITDA, the financial stock units will begin vesting on a straight-line basis from   50%   of the financial stock units at   90%   of the targeted Adjusted EBITDA to   100%   of the financial stock units at   100%   of the targeted Adjusted EBITDA, up to a maximum payout of   200%   of the financial stock units at   110%   of the targeted Adjusted EBITDA. 
    
  Half of the performance-based stock units whose vesting is subject to the financial performance of the Company (the  financial stock units ) will vest based on the degree to which the Company achieves a targeted   three  -year cumulative Free Cash Flow metric, adjusted for currency fluctuations, over the performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018. Financial stock units that vest will convert into shares of the Company s common stock and be paid after the close of a three-year performance period. The amount of units that vest will range from   50%   to   200%   of the employee's total financial stock units. Upon attainment of cumulative Free Cash Flow equal to   88%   or less of the targeted Free Cash Flow,   none   of the financial stock units will vest. Upon attainment of more than   88%   of the targeted Free Cash Flow, the financial stock units will begin vesting on a straight-line basis from   50%   of the financial stock units at   88%   of the targeted Free Cash Flow to   100%   of the financial stock units at   100%   of the targeted Free Cash Flow, up to a maximum payout of   200%   of the financial stock units at   113%   of the targeted Free Cash Flow. 
  The market-based stock units whose vesting is subject to stock price performance of the Company (the  market-based stock units ) will vest based on the Company's total stock price change (plus dividends) over the   three  -year performance period of May 4, 2016 through May 4, 2019 ( TSR ) relative to the TSR over the same performance period of companies listed on the S P Global Small Cap Index on the third anniversary of the grant date, or May 4, 2019. Market-based stock units that vest will convert into shares of the Company s common stock and will be paid after the third anniversary of the grant date, or May 4, 2019. The amount of units that vest will range from   50%   to   200%   of the employee's total market-based stock units. If the Company s TSR over the performance period is less than the 35th percentile TSR of companies in the S P Global Small Cap Index, then   no   market-based units will vest. If the Company s TSR over the performance period is equal to the 35th percentile TSR of the companies in the S P Global Small Cap Index, then   50%   of the market-based stock units will vest. Full payout at   100%   of the market-based stock units will be made if the Company s TSR over the performance period is equal to the 55th percentile TSR of companies in the S P Global Small Cap Index and payout of   200%   of the market-based stock units made if the Company's TSR over the performance period is equal to the 75th percentile TSR of companies in the S P Global Small  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Cap Index.  TSR performance between the 35th and 75th percentile TSR of companies in the S P Global Small Cap Index will result in an interpolated payout percentage of the market-based stock units between   50%   and   200%  . 
    
  Subject to early acceleration and payment under certain circumstances consistent with the terms of the Company s 2016 - 2018 LTIP and LTIP Share Agreement thereunder, delivery of shares of common stock underlying the time-based and performance-based and market-based awards that become vested are subject to the participant s continued service to the Company through May 4, 2019. 
    
  Long-Term Incentive Program 2015 LTIP and 2014 LTIP  
    
            During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , based on the current stock price of the Company, management performed a valuation on the market-based stock units, and determined the estimated payout to be at   0%   under both the 2015 and 2014 LTIP plans, and reduced stock compensation by   $0.2 million   in accordance with ASC Topic 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation.  
    
  Long-Term Incentive Program 2013 LTIP 
    
  Awards under the 2013 LTIP vested on March 15, 2016, and were converted to   207,385   shares of common stock, net of withholdings.  
  Directors  Deferred Stock Unit Plan 
  Under the 2011 non-management directors stock plan ("2011 DSU Plan ), as amended in January of 2015, each director receives an annual retainer of   $132 thousand  , to be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears. Approximately   54%   of the annual retainer is payable in DSUs, with the remaining   46%   payable in cash or a mix of both cash and DSUs at the election of each director.  The non-management directors were awarded an aggregate of   54,294   DSUs under the 2011 DSU Plan for service during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . In addition, in accordance with the 2011 DSU Plan, as amended in January of 2015,   45,843   DSUs were settled in common stock during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . In addition, in March of 2016,   22,234   DSU's were settled in common stock in connection with the retirement of a director in September of 2015.  
  Other Stock Compensation Plans 
  On August 15, 2012, the Company granted Harold Bevis, the Company's CEO, an award of   204,208   restricted stock units and options to acquire   781,701   shares of the Company's common stock, par value   $0.001   per share. Both the restricted stock units and the options vest over a   three   year period, with the first, second, and third tranches having vested on August 15, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. The options have a   10  -year term and exercise price of   $4.00   per share, the August 15, 2012 closing price of the Company's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. On August 15, 2016, one third of Mr. Bevis's restricted stock units and options vested. Mr. Bevis received   35,539   shares of common stock, net of withholdings as a result of the restricted stock unit vesting. In addition, Mr. Bevis exercised his vested options, and received   68,106   shares of common stock, in a cashless exercise, net of withholdings.  

12. Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
  On August 9, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of its Notes. The Notes are secured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by all of the domestic wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company (the  Guarantors ). In accordance with Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the following condensed consolidating financial statements present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Xerium Technologies, Inc. (referred to as  Parent  for the purpose of this note only) on a stand-alone parent-only basis, the Guarantors on a Guarantors-only basis, the combined non-Guarantor subsidiaries and elimination entries necessary to arrive at the information for the Parent, the Guarantors and non-Guarantor subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Balance Sheet (Unaudited) 
  At   September 30, 2016 
  (Dollars in thousands) 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  At   December 31, 2015    
  (Dollars in thousands) 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Unaudited) 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016    
  (Dollars in thousands) 

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)-(Unaudited) 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2015    
  (Dollars in thousands) 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Unaudited) 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016    
  (Dollars in thousands) 

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)-(Unaudited) 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    
  (Dollars in thousands) 

22 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows-(Unaudited) 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (Dollars in thousands)    

23 

     Table of Contents  

Xerium Technologies, Inc. 
  Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    
  (Dollars in Thousands) 

24 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to the safe harbor created by that Act. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as  may,   could,   expect,   intend,   plan,   seek,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and that could materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Factors that could materially affect our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements include the following items: 

rate and magnitude of decline in graphical grade paper production; 

fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates; 
                
    over-capacity of certain grades of paper, leading to distressed profit situations;              
                
    execution risk related to the startup of our new facilities; 

local economic conditions in the areas around the world where we conduct business; 

quality issues with new products that could lead to higher warranty and quality costs; 

structural shifts in the demand for paper; 

the effectiveness of our strategies and plans; 

sudden increase or decrease in production capacity; 

trend toward extended life in forming fabrics, leading to reduced market size; 

our development and marketing of new technologies and our ability to compete against new technologies developed by competitors; 

variations in demand for our products, including our new products; 

fluctuations in the price of our component supply costs and energy costs; 

our ability to generate substantial operating cash flow to fund growth and unexpected cash needs; 

occurrences of terrorist attacks or an armed conflict involving the United States or any other country in which we conduct business, or any other domestic or international calamity, including natural disasters; 

changes in the policies, laws, regulations and practices of the United States and any foreign country in which we operate or conduct business, including changes regarding taxes and the repatriation of earnings; and 

anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents. 
       
            Other factors that could materially affect our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements can be found in our  Risk Factors  section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from what we project. Any forward-looking statement in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflects our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy, and liquidity. We assume no obligation to publicly update or  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.  
  All references in this Quarterly Report to  Xerium ,  the Company ,  we ,  our  and  us  means Xerium Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Company Overview 
  We are a leading global manufacturer and supplier of two types of consumable products used primarily in the production of paper clothing and roll covers. Our operations are strategically located in the major paper-producing regions of North America, Europe, South America and Asia-Pacific.  
  Our products play key roles in the formation and processing of paper along the length of a paper-making machine. Paper producers rely on our products and services to help improve the quality of their paper, differentiate their paper products, operate their paper-making machines more efficiently and reduce production costs. Our products and services typically represent only a small percentage of a paper producer s overall production costs, yet they can reduce costs by permitting the use of lower-cost raw materials and by reducing energy consumption. Paper producers must replace machine clothing and refurbish or replace roll covers periodically as these products wear down during the paper production process. Our products are designed to withstand high temperatures, chemicals and high pressure conditions and are the result of a substantial investment in research and development and highly sophisticated manufacturing processes. 
  We operate in two principal business segments: clothing and roll covers. In our clothing segment, we manufacture and sell highly engineered synthetic textile belts that transport paper as it is processed in a paper-making machine. Clothing plays a significant role in the forming, pressing and drying stages of paper production. Because paper-making processes and machine specifications vary widely, the clothing size, form, material and function is custom engineered to fit each individual paper-making machine and process. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our clothing segment represented   61%   of our net sales. 
  Our roll cover products provide a surface with the mechanical properties necessary to process the paper sheet in a cost-effective manner that delivers the sheet qualities desired by each paper producer.  We tailor our roll covers to individual paper-making machines and processes, using different materials, treatments and finishings. In addition to manufacturing and selling new roll covers, we also provide refurbishment services for previously installed roll covers and we manufacture new and rebuilt spreader rolls. We also provide various related products and services to our customers, both directly and through third party providers, as a growing part of our overall product offering through our roll covers sales channels. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our roll cover segment represented   39%   of our net sales. 
  Industry Trends and Outlook 
    
          The Company's global markets are slightly favorable overall in the third quarter of 2016, but with a lot of grade and geographical differences. However, the global tissue and containerboard markets will continue to grow at a modest rate. In response to these trends, we are repositioning our assets, sales teams and value additive technologies to the tissue, packaging, services and non-paper segments around the world, entering new or under-served markets that present long term revenue growth opportunities. 
   Net Sales and Expenses 
  The following factors primarily drive net sales in both our clothing and roll covers segments: 
     the volume (tonnage) of worldwide paper production; 
     our ability to introduce new products that our customers value and will pay for; 
             
    advances in technology of our products, which can provide value to our customers by improving the                                                    efficiency of paper-making machines and reduce their manufacturing costs;  
        growth in developing markets, particularly in Asia; 
     the mix of paper grades being produced; 
     our ability to enter and expand our business in  non-paper products; and 
     the impact of currency fluctuations. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Net sales in our roll covers segment include our mechanical services business. We have expanded this business in response to demand from paper producers that we perform work on the internal mechanisms of their rolls while we refurbish or replace a roll cover. In our clothing segment, we conduct a small portion of our business pursuant to consignment arrangements; for these, we do not recognize a sale of a product to a customer until the customer places the product into use, which typically occurs some period after we ship the product to the customer or to a warehouse location near the customer s facility. As part of the consignment agreement, we deliver the goods to a location designated by the customer. In addition, we agree to a  sunset  date with the customer, which represents the date by which the customer must accept all risks and responsibilities of ownership of the product and payment terms begin. For consignment sales, we recognize revenue on the earlier of the actual product installation date or the  sunset  date. 
  Our operating cost levels are impacted by total sales volume, raw material costs, the impact of inflation, foreign currency fluctuations and the success of our cost reduction programs. 
  The level of our cost of products sold is primarily attributable to labor costs, raw material costs, product shipping costs, plant utilization and depreciation, with labor costs constituting the largest component. We invest in facilities and equipment that enable innovative product development and improve production efficiency and costs. Recent examples of capital spending for such purposes include faster weaving looms and seaming machines with accurate electronic controls, automated compound mixing equipment and computer-controlled lathes and mills. 
  The level of research and development spending is driven by market demand for technology enhancements, including both specific customer needs and general market requirements, as well as by our own analysis of applied technology opportunities. With the exception of purchases of equipment and similar capital items used in our research and development activities, all research and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses were   $5.3 million   and   $5.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   
  Foreign Exchange 
             A substantial portion of our net sales is denominated in Euros or other currencies. As a result, changes in the relative values of U.S. Dollars, Euros and other currencies affect our reported levels of net sales and profitability as the results are translated into U.S. Dollars for reporting purposes. In particular, decreases in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to the value of the Euro and these other currencies positively impact our levels of revenue and profitability because the translation of a certain number of Euros or units of such other currencies into U.S. Dollars for financial reporting purposes will represent more U.S. Dollars than it would have prior to the relative decrease in the value of the U.S. Dollar. Conversely, a decline in the value of the Euro will result in a lower number of U.S. Dollars for financial reporting purposes. 
           For certain transactions, our net sales are denominated in U.S. Dollars, but all or a substantial portion of the associated costs are denominated in a different currency. As a result, changes in the relative values of U.S. Dollars, Euros and other currencies can affect the level of the profitability of these transactions. The largest proportion of such transactions consists of transactions in which the net sales are denominated in or indexed to the U.S. Dollar and all or a substantial portion of the associated costs are denominated in Brazilian Reals or other currencies. 
          During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we conducted business in nine foreign currencies. The following table provides the average exchange rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   of the U.S. Dollar against each of the four foreign currencies in which we conduct the largest portion of our operations. 

In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we conducted approximately   32%   of our operations in Euros, approximately   8%   in the Australian Dollar, approximately   8%   in the Brazilian Real (although a significant portion of Brazil net sales are in U.S. Dollars) and approximately   7%   in the Chinese Yuan. 
            To mitigate the risk of transactions in which a sale is made in one currency and associated costs are denominated in a different currency, we may utilize forward currency contracts in certain circumstances to lock in exchange rates with the objective that the gain or loss on the forward contracts will approximate the loss or gain that results from the transaction or transactions being hedged. We determine whether to enter into hedging arrangements based upon the size of the underlying  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

transaction or transactions, an assessment of the risk of adverse movements in the applicable currencies and the availability of a cost effective hedge strategy. To the extent we do not engage in hedging or such hedging is not effective, changes in the relative value of currencies can affect our profitability. 

Domestic and Foreign Operating Results: 
           The following is an analysis of our domestic and foreign operations during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   and a discussion of the results of operations during those periods (in thousands): 

During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , domestic income from operations was lower than foreign income from operations primarily due to product mix, market differences and various unallocated corporate expenses. All earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries after 2012 will be remitted to the parent company at some point in the future. U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have been provided related to those foreign earnings. All other foreign un-remitted earnings generated in years prior to 2013 will remain indefinitely reinvested, except for a portion of the earnings generated prior to 2013 related to our Brazil operations.  
   
  Cost Reduction Programs 
              An important part of our strategy is to seek to reduce our overall costs and improve our competitiveness. As a part of this effort, we engage in cost reduction programs, which are designed to improve the cost structure of our global operations in response to changing market conditions. These cost reduction programs include headcount reductions throughout the world as well as plant closures that are intended to rationalize production among our facilities to better enable us to match our cost structure with customer demand. Cost savings have been realized and are expected to be realized in labor costs and other production overhead, other components of costs of products sold, general and administrative expenses and facility costs. The majority of cost savings begin at the time of the headcount reductions and plant closure with remaining cost savings recognized over subsequent periods. Cost savings from headcount reductions have not been and are not expected to be offset by related increases in other expenses. Cost savings related to plant closures have been and are expected to be partially offset by additional costs incurred in the facilities that assumed the operations of the closed facility.  
         
               For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred restructuring expenses of   $8.1 million  . These included   $1.4 million   of charges related to the closure of the Middletown, Va. facility and   $6.7 million   of charges relating to headcount reductions and other costs related to previous plant closures. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company incurred restructuring expenses of   $12.7 million  .  These included charges of   $4.1 million   relating to the closure of the Joao Pessoa, Brazil plant,   $4.5 million   charges related to the closure of Warwick, and headcount reductions of   $4.1 million  .  
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations  
    
  The table that follows sets forth for the periods presented certain consolidated operating results.                           

  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Net Sales.   Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by $  1.5 million  , or 1.2%, to   $119.2 million   from   $117.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Excluding currency effects, sales were up $1.1 million, or 0.9%. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   60%   of our net sales were in our clothing segment and approximately   40%   were in our roll covers segment. 
  In our clothing segment, net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $(1.5) million   to   $71.0 million   from   $72.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Excluding favorable currency effects of $0.7 million, the sales decrease of $(2.2) million, or (3.0)% was driven largely by lower sales volumes in the North America market, due to temporary production output issues, that the Company is addressing. 
  In our rolls segment, net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   $3.0 million   to   $48.2 million   from   $45.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Excluding unfavorable currency effects of $(0.3) million, sales were up by $3.3 million or 7.3%, driven by the acquisition of Spencer Johnston.  
  Cost of Products Sold.   Cost of products sold for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to   $75.4 million   from   $71.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  In our clothing segment, cost of products sold increased $1.2 million in the current quarter compared to the third quarter of 2015. Cost of products sold as a percentage of net sales increased by 2.9 percentage points to 61.9% in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from 59.0% in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by a weak Brazilian economy, temporary missed production of certain high-margin products which drove unfavorable product mix and margin compression in certain regions.  
  In our rolls segment, cost of products sold increased $2.9 million in the current quarter compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily as a result of increased sales volume. Cost of products sold as a percentage of net sales increased by 2.1 percentage points to 65.2% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from 63.1% for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to unfavorable product mix and a weak Brazilian economy.  
  Selling Expenses.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling expenses decreased by   $(0.1) million  , or   (0.6)%  , to   $15.8 million   from   $15.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to savings achieved through the Company's cost-out initiatives, net of inflation.  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

General and Administrative Expenses.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , general and administrative expenses decreased by   $(1.8) million  , or   (12.5)%  , to   $12.6 million   from   $14.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily as a result of decreased cost related to headcount reduction, net of inflation, partially offset by G A expenses of Spencer Johnston, acquired on May 4, 2016. 
    
  Restructuring Expenses.   For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred restructuring expenses of   $2.5 million  . These included $0.2 million of charges related to the closure of the Middletown, Va. facility and $2.3 million of charges relating to headcount reductions and other costs related to previous plant closures.  
    
  Interest Expense, Net.   Net interest expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $12.2 million  , up   $2.4 million   from   $9.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was driven by the higher interest rate on the new bonds issued in the refinancing (9.50% vs 6.25% and 8.875%) and increased average debt balances in the   third   quarter of   2016   versus the   third   quarter of   2015  .  
  Provision for Income Taxes  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the provision for income taxes was   $0.0 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively. The decrease in tax expense in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , was primarily attributable to the geographic earnings mix, as well as tax benefits from interest deductions in Brazil and the impact of the intra-period allocation as a result of the loss from continuing operations and income from other comprehensive income. Generally, our provision for income taxes is primarily impacted by the income we earn in tax paying jurisdictions relative to the income we earn in non-tax paying jurisdictions. The majority of income recognized for purposes of computing our effective tax rate is earned in countries where the statutory income tax rates range from    15.0%   to   35.4%  . However, permanent income adjustments recorded against pre-tax earnings may result in an effective tax rate that is higher or lower than the statutory tax rate in these jurisdictions. We generate losses in certain jurisdictions for which we realize no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions (including net operating losses) are fully reserved in our valuation allowance. For this reason, we recognize minimal income tax expense or benefit in these jurisdictions, of which the most material jurisdictions are the United States and Australia. Due to these reserves, the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings has a direct correlation with how high or low our annual effective tax rate is relative to consolidated earnings. 
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015 
  Net Sales.   Net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by $  (3.8) million  , or (1.0)%, to   $358.1 million   from   $361.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Excluding currency effects of $(2.0) million, sales were down $(1.8) million, or (0.5)%. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   61%   of our net sales were in our clothing segment and approximately   39%   were in our roll covers segment. 
  In our clothing segment, net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $(11.8) million   to   $217.2 million   from   $229.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Excluding favorable currency effects of $0.4 million, the sales decline of $(12.2) million, or (5.3)% was primarily driven by volume declines in all regions, due to temporary production output issues that the Company is addressing. 
  In our rolls segment, net sales for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   $8.0 million   to   $140.9 million   compared to   $132.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Excluding unfavorable currency effects, sales were up by $10.4 million or 7.8%, driven by the acquisition of Spencer Johnston and the Company's new growth initiatives.   
  Cost of Products Sold.   Cost of products sold for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to   $222.6 million   from   $217.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  In our clothing segment, cost of products sold decreased $(1.6) million in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by decreased sales volume and favorable currency effects. Cost of products sold as a percentage of net sales increased by 2.4 percentage points to 60.1% in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from 57.7% in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily due to a weak economic environment in Brazil, the effect of the ongoing shift in product mix and margin compression in certain regions. 
  In our rolls segment, cost of products sold increased $7.1 million in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily as a result of increased sales volume.  Cost of products sold as a percentage of net sales increased by 1.3 percentage points to 65.4% for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from 64.1% for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , due to negative product mix and a weak economic environment in Brazil. 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Selling Expenses.   For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , selling expenses decreased by $  (1.3) million  , or   (2.7)%  , to   $47.3 million   from   $48.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . was primarily attributable to favorable currency and savings achieved through the Company's cost-out initiatives, net of inflation. 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses.   For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , general and administrative expenses decreased by   $(2.7) million  , or   (6.7)%  , to   $37.6 million   from   $40.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily as a result of cost reduction programs, partially offset by inflation and favorable currency effects.  These decreases are partially offset by G A expenses of recently acquired Spencer Johnston.  
    
  Restructuring Expenses.   For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred restructuring expenses of   $8.1 million  . These included   $1.4 million   of charges related to the closure of the Middletown, Va. facility and   $6.7 million   of charges relating to headcount reductions and other costs related to previous plant closures.  
    
  Interest Expense, Net.   Net interest expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $33.2 million  , up   $5.1 million   from   $28.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was driven by the higher interest rate on the new bonds issued in the refinancing (9.50% vs 6.25% and 8.875%) and a higher average debt balance during   2016   versus   2015  .  
  Provision for Income Taxes  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the provision for income taxes was   $4.6 million   and   $9.2 million  , respectively. The decrease in tax expense in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was primarily attributable to the geographic mix of earnings, as well as tax benefits from interest deductions in Brazil and the impact of the intra-period allocation as a result of the loss from continuing operations and income from other comprehensive income. Generally, our provision for income taxes is primarily impacted by the income we earn in tax paying jurisdictions relative to the income we earn in non-tax paying jurisdictions. The majority of income recognized for purposes of computing our effective tax rate is earned in countries where the statutory income tax rates range from    15.0%   to   35.4%  . However, permanent income adjustments recorded against pre-tax earnings may result in an effective tax rate that is higher or lower than the statutory tax rate in these jurisdictions. We generate losses in certain jurisdictions for which we realize no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions (including net operating losses) are fully reserved in our valuation allowance. For this reason, we recognize minimal income tax expense or benefit in these jurisdictions, of which the most material jurisdictions are the United States and Australia. Due to these reserves, the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings has a direct correlation with how high or low our annual effective tax rate is relative to consolidated earnings. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our principal liquidity requirements are for debt service, restructuring payments, working capital and capital expenditures. We plan to use cash on hand, cash generated by operations and our revolving credit facility, as our primary sources of liquidity. Our operations are highly dependent upon the paper production industry and the degree to which the paper industry is affected by global economic conditions and the availability of credit. Demand for our products could decline if paper manufacturers are unable to obtain required financing or if economic conditions cause additional mill closures. In addition, an economic recession or unavailability of credit may affect our customers  ability to pay their debts. 
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $22.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $27.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $(5.0) million   decrease was primarily due to the increase in cash interest paid as a result of the refinancing. 
  Net cash used in investing activities was   $(25.7) million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $(40.3) million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in cash used in investing activities of   $14.6 million   was primarily due to the decrease in capital expenditures, partially offset by the acquisition of Spencer Johnston in Q2 of 2016. 
  Net cash provided by financing activities was   $4.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $15.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease of   $11.4 million   was due largely to lower capital expenditures, partially offset by increased payments of capital lease obligations.  
            As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding balance of the Company's term debt under its ABL Facility and Notes was   $480.0 million  . In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , an aggregate of   $22.1 million   is available for additional borrowings. This availability represents a borrowing base of   $34.2 million   less   $12.1 million   of that facility committed for letters of credit or additional borrowings.    
           We expect to spend cash of approximately $11.0 million related to our restructuring initiatives in   2016  . We have spent   $9.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Actual restructuring costs for   2016   may substantially differ from estimates at this time, depending on the timing of the restructuring activities and the required actions to complete them. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

Capital Expenditures 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had capital expenditures of   $9.6 million  . We are currently targeting capital expenditures for   2016   to be approximately $16 million. We analyze our planned capital expenditures, based on investment opportunities available to us and our financial and operating performance, and accordingly, actual capital expenditures may be more or less than this amount. We intend to use existing cash and cash from operations to fund our capital expenditures.  
   
  Credit Facility and Notes 
      
  On August 9, 2016, the Company closed on   $480 million   aggregate principal amount of   9.5%   Senior Secured Notes due August 2021 (the "Notes"), which were sold at a price equal to   98.54%   of their face value.  The Notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year beginning on February 15, 2017 and will mature on August 15, 2021, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased.   
  The Indenture to the Notes and the ABL Facility contain certain customary covenants that, subject to exceptions, restrict our ability to, among other things: 
             
    declare dividends or redeem or repurchase equity interests; 
        prepay, redeem or purchase debt; 
      incur liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions; 
      make loans and investments; 
      incur additional indebtedness; 
     amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; 
     engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales; 
     transact with affiliates; and 
     engage in businesses that are not related to the Company's existing business. 
    
  The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to repay all amounts outstanding under its existing term loan credit facility, to redeem all of its   8.875%   Senior Notes due 2018 at a redemption price equal to   102.219%   of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to the date of redemption, to pay fees and expenses relating to these transactions, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  
  On November 3, 2015, the we refinanced our then existing ABL Facility and entered into a new Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (as amended, the "ABL Facility") with one of our existing ABL lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.   Under the ABL Facility, JPMorgan will become the lead domestic agent and will continue as the European agent.  The amount of the ABL Facility continues to provide aggregate availability of   $55 million   and the collateral pledged thereunder will also remains the same, however the ABL Facility as amended, (1) provides increased flexibility for operations; (2) an extended  maturity date of November, 2020; and (3) lower interest rates.  
  On July 17, 2015, Xerium China, Co., Ltd. ("Xerium China"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company closed a Fixed Assets Loan Contract (the "Loan Agreement") with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Shanghai-Jingan Branch with respect to a RMB 58.5 million loan, which  was approximately $9.4 million USD on July 17, 2015, based on an exchange rate of 6.21 RMB per 1.00 USD.  The loan is secured by pledged machinery and equipment of Xerium China and guaranteed by Xerium Asia Pacific (Shanghai) Limited and Stowe Woodward (Changzhou) Roll Technologies Co. Ltd., which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to guarantee agreements (the "Guarantee Agreements"). Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the loan accrues at a benchmark rate plus a margin.  The current interest rate is approximately 5.8%. The interest rate will be adjusted every 12 months during the term of the loan, based on the benchmark interest rate adjustment.  Interest under the loan is payable quarterly in arrears. Principal on the loan is to be repaid in part every six months following the Closing Date, in accordance with a predetermined schedule set forth in the Loan Agreement. Proceeds of the Loan will be used by Xerium China to purchase production equipment. The Loan Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties and provisions relating to events of default.   
   We are in compliance with all covenants under the Notes and ABL Facility at   September 30, 2016  .     

32 

     Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires 
  management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Our significant policies are described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Judgments and estimates of uncertainties are required in applying our accounting policies in many areas. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies affecting the application of those accounting policies as noted in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (each as defined in the Credit Facility) as supplementary non-GAAP liquidity measures to assist us in evaluating our liquidity and financial performance, specifically our ability to service indebtedness and to fund ongoing capital expenditures. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income from operations or cash flows (as determined in accordance with GAAP). 
  EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, income tax provision and depreciation (including non-cash impairment charges) and amortization. 
   Adjusted EBITDA  means, with respect to any period, the total of (A) the consolidated net income for such period, plus (B) without duplication, to the extent that any of the following were deducted in computing such consolidated net income for such period: (i) provision for taxes based on income or profits, including, without limitation, federal, state, provincial, franchise and similar taxes, including any penalties and interest relating to any tax examinations, (ii) consolidated interest expense, (iii) consolidated depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) reserves for inventory in connection with plant closures, (v) consolidated operational restructuring costs, (vi) non-cash charges resulting from the application of purchase accounting, including push-down accounting, (vii) non-cash expenses resulting from the granting of common stock, stock options, restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards under equity compensation programs solely with respect to common stock, and cash expenses for compensation mandatorily applied to purchase common stock, (viii) non-cash items relating to a change in or adoption of accounting policies, (ix) non-cash expenses relating to pension or benefit arrangements, (x) expenses incurred as a result of the repurchase, redemption or retention of common stock earned under equity compensation programs solely in order to make withholding tax payments, (xi) amortization or write-offs of deferred financing costs, (xii) any non-cash losses resulting from mark to market hedging obligations (to the extent the cash impact resulting from such loss has not been realized in such period) and (xiii) other non-cash losses or charges (excluding, however, any non-cash loss or charge which represents an accrual of, or a reserve for, a cash disbursement in a future period), minus (C) without duplication, to the extent any of the following were included in computing consolidated net income for such period, (i) non-cash gains with respect to the items described in clauses (vi), (vii), (ix), (xi), (xii) and (xiii) (other than, in the case of clause (xiii), any such gain to the extent that it represents a reversal of an accrual of, or reserve for, a cash disbursement in a future period) of clause (B) above and (ii) provisions for tax benefits based on income or profits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Facility and calculated below, may not be comparable to similarly titled measurements used by other companies. 
  Consolidated net income is defined as net income determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that the following, without duplication, shall be excluded in determining consolidated net income: (i) any net after-tax extraordinary or non-recurring gains, losses or expenses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto), (ii) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, (iii) any fees and expenses incurred during such period in connection with the issuance or repayment of indebtedness, any refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument, in each case, as permitted under the Credit Facility and (iv) any cancellation of indebtedness income. 
  The following table provides reconciliation from net income and operating cash flows, which are the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk 
  Our interest rate risks as of   September 30, 2016   have not materially changed from   December 31, 2015   (see Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  ). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding long term debt with a carrying amount of   $496.4 million   with an approximate fair value of   $503.6 million  . 
   
                 ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  . We have carried out an evaluation, as of   September 30, 2016   under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act ). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. No evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that these controls and procedures will operate effectively  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

under all circumstances. However, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level as set forth above. 
  (b)   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.   No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act) occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There have been no material developments to the legal proceedings described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . See Note 10 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for other routine litigation to which we are subject.  

ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 

The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   have not materially changed.  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 
       
   ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  See the exhibit index following the signature page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
        
    (Registrant) 

October 27, 2016 
    By:               
    /s/Clifford E. Pietrafitta 

Clifford E. Pietrafitta 

Executive Vice President and CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

36 

     Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                   Exhibit   
  Number    
      
    Description of Exhibits 

10.1 
      
    First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement by and among the Company, certain Guarantor subsidiaries, and JP Morgan, dated February 19, 2016. 

10.2 
      
    Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement by and amount the Company, certain Guarantor subsidiaries, and JP Morgan, dated August 9, 2016.  

31.1 
      
    Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
      
    Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
      
    Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
      
    Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

37 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 abl1stamendxrm-ex10x12016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
  THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this    Amendment   ) is made and entered into this 19th day of February, 2016, by and among   XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (the    Lead Borrower   ),   XERIUM CANADA INC.  , a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of New Brunswick (   Xerium Canada   ),   HUYCK. WANGNER GERMANY GMBH  , a limited liability company (  Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) Stuttgart under registration number HRB 353855 (the    European Lead Borrower   ),   ROBEC WALZEN GMBH  , a limited liability company (  Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) D ren under registration number HRB 2867 (   Robec Germany   ),   STOWE WOODWARD AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  , a stock corporation (  Aktiengesellschaft  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) D ren under registration number HRB 2635 (   Stowe Germany   ), (European Lead Borrower, Robec Germany and Stowe Germany are each a    European Borrower    and collectively, the    European Borrowers    and the European Borrowers, together with the Lead Borrower and Xerium Canada, collectively, the    Borrowers   ),   CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF THE LEAD BORROWER  , as Guarantors (together with Borrowers, collectively    Credit Parties   ), the Lenders party hereto,   JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.  , as Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    Administrative Agent   ) and as Collateral Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    Collateral Agent   ) and   J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED  , as European Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    European Administrative Agent   ) and as European Collateral Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    European Collateral Agent   ). 
  Recitals  : 
  Agents, Lenders and Credit Parties are parties to a certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of November 3, 2015 (as at any time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the    Credit Agreement   ) pursuant to which Lenders have made loans and other financial accommodations to Borrowers, which have been guaranteed by Guarantors in accordance with the Credit Agreement. 
  The parties desire to amend the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) in hand paid and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby severally acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
  1.      Definitions  .    Capitalized terms used in this Amendment, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
  2.      Amendment to Credit Agreement  .    The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definition of  Fixed Charges  set forth in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement and by substituting in lieu thereof the following: 

Fixed Charges    means, with respect to the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for any period, the sum (without duplication) of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense paid in cash during such period, plus (ii) all regularly scheduled (as determined as of the first day of the respective period) and mandatory principal payments of Indebtedness (including the principal component of Capital Leases) made or required to be made during such period, plus (iii) the applicable Monthly Amortization Amount for such period.  
  3.      Ratification and Reaffirmation  .    Each Borrower hereby ratifies and reaffirms the Obligations, each of the Credit Documents, and all of such Borrower's covenants, duties, indebtedness and liabilities under the Credit Documents.  Each Guarantor of the Obligations of Borrowers at any time owing to Administrative Agent hereby (i) consents to each Borrower's execution and delivery of this Amendment and of the other documents, instruments or agreements each Borrower agrees to execute and deliver pursuant thereto; (ii) agrees to be bound hereby; and (iii) affirms that nothing contained herein shall modify in any respect whatsoever its respective guaranty of the Obligations and reaffirms that such guaranty is and shall remain in full force and effect. 
  4.      Representations and Warranties  .    Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agents and Lenders, to induce Agents and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, that no Default or Event of Default exists on the date hereof; the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of such Credit Party and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Credit Party; and all of the representations and warranties made by such Credit Party in the Credit Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly relates to a particular date, in which case such representation and warranty is true and correct on and as of such date). 
  5.      Reference to Credit Agreement  .    Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement,   hereunder,  or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
  6.      Breach of Amendment  .    This Amendment shall be part of the Credit Agreement and a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant herein shall constitute an Event of Default. 
  7.      Conditions Precedent  .    The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, unless satisfaction thereof is specifically waived in writing by Administrative Agent: 
  (a)    Administrative Agent shall have received from each Credit Party, Agent and Lender a duly executed original counterpart of this Amendment; and 
  (b)    Administrative Agent shall have received such other certificates, documents and instruments as Administrative Agent may reasonably request, if any.  
  The Administrative Agent shall notify Lead Borrower upon satisfaction of all of the conditions in this Section 7. 
  8.      Expenses of Lender  .  In consideration of Agents  and Lenders  willingness to enter into this Amendment as set forth herein,     Borrowers agree to pay,   on demand  , all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment and any other Credit Documents executed pursuant hereto and any and all amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, including, without limitation, the reasonable costs and fees of  
  
   2 

Administrative Agent s legal counsel and any taxes, filing fees and other reasonable expenses associated with or incurred in connection with the execution, delivery or filing of any instrument or agreement referred to herein or contemplated hereby. 
  9.      Governing Law  .    This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 
  10.      No Novation, etc.    Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Amendment, nothing herein shall be deemed to amend or modify any provision of the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, each of which shall remain in full force and effect.  This Amendment is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or accord and satisfaction, and the Credit Agreement as herein modified shall continue in full force and effect. 
  11.      Successors and Assigns  .    This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
  12.      Further Assurances  .  Each Credit Party agrees to take such further actions as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request from time to time in connection herewith to evidence or give effect to the amendments set forth herein or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
  13.      Miscellaneous  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties to this Amendment on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Any manually executed signature page to this Amendment delivered by a party by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. Section titles and references used in this Amendment shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreements among the parties hereto. This Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended except in a writing signed by the parties. 
  14.      Waiver of Jury Trial  .      To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby waives the right to trial by jury in any action, suit, counterclaim or proceeding arising out of or related to this Amendment  . 
  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank;  
  signatures begin on following page.] 
  
   3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written above. 
                       
  XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  XERIUM CANADA, INC. 
  HUYCK LICENSCO INC. 
  ROBEC BRAZIL LLC 
  STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC 
  STOWE WOODWARD LLC 
  WANGNER ITELPA I LLC 
  WANGNER ITELPA II LLC 
  WEAVEXX, LLC 
  XERIUM ASIA, LLC 
  XERIUM III (US) LIMITED 
  XERIUM IV (US) LIMITED 
  XERIUM V (US) LIMITED 
  XTI LLC 
    
  By:   ___/s/ Cliff E. Pietrafitta   ____________________ 
  Name:   Cliff E. Pietrafitta 
  Title:   Vice President   Chief Financial  
  Officer 
    
  [Signatures continued on following page.] 

HUYCK. WANGNER GERMANY GMBH 
  ROBEC WALZEN GMBH 
    
  By: ______  /s/ David James     ____________________ 
  Name:   David James 
  Title:   Managing Director 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

STOWE WOODWARD AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
  XERIUM GERMANY HOLDING GMBH 
    
  By:      /s/ David J. Pretty                 
  Name:   David J. Pretty 
  Title:   Member of the Managing Board  
  (  Vorstand  ) 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
    
  By:      /s/ Kevin McDougall                 
  Name:   Kevin McDougall 
  Title:   Director 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,   as  
  Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and as a Lender 
    
  By:      /s/ Patrick Fravel                 
  Name:    Patrick Fravel 
  Title:    Authorized Officer 

[Signatures continued on following page] 

J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED,   as European Administrative Agent and European Collateral Agent   
           By: 
    ____  /s/ Matthew Sparkes  _______________________ 
     Name:    Matthew Sparkes 
  Title:   Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH,   as a Lender to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement 

By: 
    _____  /s/ Matthew Sparkes  _____________________ 
     Name:    Matthew Sparkes 
  Title:    Vice President 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., TORONTO BRANCH,   as a Lender to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement 
           By: 
    ____  /s/ Agostino Marchetti  _____________________ 
     Name:    Agostino Marchetti 
  Title:   Authorized Officer 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 abl2ndamendxrm-ex10x22016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
  THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this    Amendment   ) is made and entered into this 9th day of August, 2016, by and among   XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (the    Lead Borrower   ),   XERIUM CANADA INC.  , a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of New Brunswick (   Xerium Canada   ),   HUYCK. WANGNER GERMANY GMBH  , a limited liability company (  Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) Stuttgart under registration number HRB 353855 (the    European Lead Borrower   ),   ROBEC WALZEN GMBH  , a limited liability company (  Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) D ren under registration number HRB 2867 (   Robec Germany   ),   STOWE WOODWARD AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  , a stock corporation (  Aktiengesellschaft  ) organized under the laws of Germany and registered with the commercial register (  Handelsregister  ) of the local court (  Amtsgericht  ) D ren under registration number HRB 2635 (   Stowe Germany   ), (European Lead Borrower, Robec Germany and Stowe Germany are each a    European Borrower    and collectively, the    European Borrowers    and the European Borrowers, together with the Lead Borrower and Xerium Canada, collectively, the    Borrowers   ),   CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF THE LEAD BORROWER  , as Guarantors (together with Borrowers, collectively    Credit Parties   ), the Lenders party hereto,   JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.  , as Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    Administrative Agent   ) and as Collateral Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    Collateral Agent   ) and   J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED  , as European Administrative Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    European Administrative Agent   ) and as European Collateral Agent (together with its permitted successors, in such capacity,    European Collateral Agent   ). 
  Recitals  : 
  Agents, Lenders and Credit Parties are parties to a certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of November 3, 2015 (as at any time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the    Credit Agreement   ) pursuant to which Lenders have made loans and other financial accommodations to Borrowers, which have been guaranteed by Guarantors in accordance with the Credit Agreement. 
  Lead Borrower has informed Agents that it intends to issue $480 million of 9.500% Senior Secured Notes Due 2021 on the date hereof, the proceeds of which will be used to redeem all of the outstanding Senior Notes and terminate the Senior Notes Documents, repay all of the Term Loans and terminate the Term Credit Documents, pay premiums, fees and expenses in connection therewith, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes (the "  Notes Refinancing  ").  
  The Credit Parties have requested, among other things, that Agents and Lenders amend certain terms of the Credit Agreement in contemplation of the Notes Refinancing, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and as further set forth in this Amendment.   
  NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby severally acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
  i)        Definitions  .    Capitalized terms used in this Amendment, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
  ii)        Amendments to Credit Agreement  .   Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 8 of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
  (a)        By adding the following new definitions to Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement in appropriate alphabetical order:  

Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
     NYFRB    means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
     NYFRB Rate    means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Banking Day, for the immediately preceding Banking Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term  NYFRB Rate  means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
     Overnight Bank Funding Rate    means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 
  "  Relocated Asset  " means any tangible asset or property of any Credit Party that constitutes, or under this Agreement, any Collateral Document or any other Credit Document is required to constitute, Collateral that is located outside of the nation in which such Credit Party is organized (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any such asset or property shall be deemed to be ineligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base once it constitutes a Relocated Asset). 
  "  Second Amendment Effective Date  " means August 9, 2016.  
     Senior Secured Notes    means the Lead Borrower s 9.500% senior secured notes due 2021 issued pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes Indenture (and, upon the incurrence of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, the Senior Secured Notes shall be deemed to refer to such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness).   

"  Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent  " means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity (and, upon the incurrence of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent shall be deemed to refer to any Person acting as administrative agent, collateral agent or a similar capacity for the applicable holders of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness). 
     Senior Secured Notes Documents    means the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture and the other Term Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and any other indenture and/or other agreement governing the Senior Secured Notes, including any agreements evidencing the Liens securing the Senior Secured Notes, and all documentation delivered pursuant thereto (and, upon the incurrence of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Documents shall be deemed to refer to all agreements or documents governing or evidencing such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness). 
     Senior Secured Notes Indenture    means the Indenture, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Lead Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower, as guarantors, Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent and Senior Secured Notes Trustee, governing the Senior Secured Notes (and, upon the incurrence of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Indenture shall be deemed to refer to the credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, purchase agreement or other similar documentation evidencing such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness). 
  "  Senior Secured Notes Trustee  " means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as trustee under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity (and, upon the incurrence of any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes, the Senior Secured Notes Trustee shall be deemed to refer to any Person acting as trustee or a similar capacity for the applicable holders of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness). 
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.  
  (b)        By deleting the definitions of Alternate US Base Rate, Compliance Authority, Federal Funds Effective Rate, Intercreditor Agreement, Material Contract, Restricted, Revolving Commitment Termination Date, Sanctioned Country, Sanctioned Person, Senior Notes and Term Loans from Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement in in their entirety and substituting, respectively, the following in lieu thereof:  
     Alternate US Base Rate    means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the US Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus one half of one percent (0.5%), and (c) the sum of the Daily LIBOR Rate in effect on such day plus one percent (1.0%), so long as a Daily LIBOR Rate is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful. 
     Compliance Authority    means each and all of the (a) US Treasury Department/Office of Foreign Assets Control, (b) US Treasury Department/Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, (c) US State Department/Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, (d) US Commerce Department/Bureau of Industry and Security, (e) the US Internal Revenue Service, (f) the US Justice Department, (g) the US Securities and Exchange Commission, (h) Canadian Compliance Authorities, (i) the European Compliance Authorities, as applicable, and (j)  without limiting the foregoing, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union and any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom and any other relevant sanctions authority. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate    means, for any day, the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the  Federal Funds Effective Rate  as of the date of this Agreement; provided, if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the  Federal Funds Effective Rate  for such day shall be the Federal Funds Effective Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. 
     Intercreditor Agreement    means the Intercreditor Agreement dated the Second Amendment Effective Date among Collateral Agent, the Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent and acknowledged by the Lead Borrower and the other US Credit Parties (or such other intercreditor agreement agreed to by Collateral Agent in its discretion in connection with the incurrence of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the Senior Secured Notes).    
     Material Contract    means any Senior Secured Notes Document or any contract or other arrangement to which the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (other than the Credit Documents) for which breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
     Restricted    means, when referring to Cash or Cash Equivalents of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that such Cash or Cash Equivalents (i) appears (or would be required to appear) as  restricted  on a consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower or of any such Subsidiary (unless such appearance is related to the Credit Documents, the Senior Secured Notes Documents or Liens created thereunder), (ii) are subject to any Lien in favor of any Person other than (x) the Collateral Agent or European Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or (y) to the extent subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes or (iii) are not otherwise generally available for use by the Lead Borrower or such Subsidiary.  
     Revolving Commitment Termination Date    means the date that is five (5) years after the Closing Date. 
  "  Sanctioned Country    means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (which includes, at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
     Sanctioned Person    means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by any Compliance Authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any Person otherwise subject to, or specially designated under, any sanctions program maintained by any Compliance Authority. 
     Senior Notes    means the Lead Borrower s 8.875% senior unsecured notes due 2018 issued pursuant to the Senior Notes Indenture, which were repaid in full in connection with the termination of the Senior Notes Documents on the Second Amendment Effective Date.  
     Term Loans    means the term loans from time to time made under the Term Credit Agreement, which were repaid in full in connection with the termination of the Term Credit Documents on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
  (c)        By deleting the definition of "Federal Funds Open Rate" from Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement.  

(d)         By deleting each reference to "Term Credit Documents" contained in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement and substituting, in each case, in lieu thereof a reference to "Senior Secured Notes Documents".  
  (e)        By deleting clause (d) of the definition of Defaulting Lender in its entirety and substituting in lieu thereof the following:  
  (d) has become the subject of an Insolvency Event or a Bail-In Action;  
  (f)        By adding the following sentences to the end of the definition of Investments in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement:  
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the fair market value of Relocated Assets shall be deemed to be an Investment by the applicable Credit Parties that own such Relocated Assets in a Person that is not a Credit Party. The fair market value of a Relocated Asset will be determined at the time the applicable property is relocated to the applicable foreign jurisdiction, without giving effect to subsequent changes in value. 
  (g)         By deleting clause (b) of the definition of Lender Counterparty in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting in lieu the following:  
  (b) Intentionally Omitted.  
  (h)        By deleting each reference to "Term Loans" contained in the definition of Net Asset Sale Proceeds in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement and in Section 6.18 of the Credit Agreement and substituting in lieu thereof, in each instance, a reference to "Senior Secured Notes".  
  (i)        By adding the following clause (c) to the end of Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement:  
  (c)        No Borrower will request any Advance or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and each Borrower shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent that such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or the European Union, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
  (j)        By deleting Section 2.22(b)(i)(F) of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  
  (F)        Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it that such Revolving Commitment Increase and the additional debt incurred thereunder shall be permitted pursuant to the terms of the Senior Secured Notes Documents, in each case as may be amended in connection with such Revolving Commitment Increase.  
    
  (k)         By deleting the second sentence of Section 3.1(p) of the Credit Agreement.  
    
  (l)        By (i) deleting the phrase "Term Credit Documents in favor of the Term Agent" from Section 4.4 of the Credit Agreement and substituting in lieu thereof the phrase "Senior Secured Notes Documents in favor of the Senior Secured Notes Trustee" and (ii) by deleting the last sentence of Section 4.4 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  

Without limiting the foregoing, the execution, delivery and performance by the Credit Parties of the Credit Documents (including the all incurrences of debt hereunder) are permitted by the terms of the Senior Secured Notes Documents. 
  (m)        By adding the following new Section 4.29 to the end of Section 4 of the Credit Agreement:  
  4.29        EEA Financial Institution  . No Credit Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
  (n)         By deleting clauses (c), (g), (o) and (p) of Section 6.1 of the Credit Agreement and the paragraph at the end of Section 6.1 of the Credit Agreement, in their entirety, and substituting, respectively, the following in lieu thereof:  
  (c)        unsecured Debt (including Subordinated Debt) of the Lead Borrower (which may be guaranteed on a like basis by the US Credit Parties but shall not have any guarantors that are not US Credit Parties); provided, that (i) no Default or Event of Default is continuing under this Agreement or would result from such issuance, (ii) after giving effect to such issuance (as determined in accordance with Section 1.4(e)), the Leverage Ratio shall not be greater than 4.75:1.00, calculated on a pro forma basis as of the last day of the most recently ended four Fiscal Quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, (iii) the proceeds of such issuance shall be used for Permitted Acquisitions, to fund Capital Expenditures permitted under this Agreement or to prepay the Senior Secured Note in accordance with the terms of the Senior Secured Notes Documents, (iv) such Debt shall have a maturity of not earlier than six months after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, (v) such Debt has a weighted average life to maturity equal to or greater than the Advances, (vi) such Debt shall not be guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than Subsidiaries that are US Credit Parties, (vii) the documentation relating to such Debt shall not permit or provide for any scheduled amortization (or similar) payments prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and (viii) the documentation relating to such Debt shall not contain any covenant or event of default that is either (x) not substantially provided for in this Agreement or (y) more favorable to the holder of such Debt in any material respect than the comparable covenant or event of default set forth in this Agreement, and, with respect to Subordinated Debt, shall contain customary subordination provisions pursuant to which such Subordinated Debt is subordinate to the prior payment in full of the Obligations; 
  (g)        Intentionally Omitted; 
  (o)        Indebtedness of the US Credit Parties under the Senior Secured Notes Documents in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $480,000,000 (as reduced by any payments or prepayments of principal thereof after the Second Amendment Effective Date);  
  (p)        provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof, any replacement, renewal or refinancing of any Indebtedness described in Sections 6.1(c) and (o) (collectively, the  Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness ) that (i) does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced, except as to fees and expenses at refinancing, (ii) does not have a maturity date earlier than the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced, (iii) does not rank at the time of such replacement, renewal or refinancing senior to the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced, (iv) the obligors in respect of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (including in their capacities as primary obligor and guarantor) are the same as for the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced, (v) any Liens securing such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness are not extended to any property which does not secure the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced, (vi) does not have a weighted average life to maturity less than the Indebtedness being replaced, renewed or refinanced and (vii) the terms of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries than the terms of the replaced, renewed or refinanced Indebtedness and, if the terms of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness provide for additional or more restrictive covenants, representations, warranties, defaults or other terms (other  

than with respect to pricing) than the equivalent provisions of the Credit Documents, the Credit Parties shall offer to enter into an amendment to this Agreement incorporating such additional or more restrictive terms, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agents; and 
  For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Credit Parties shall not incur any Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Notes Documents or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof other than pursuant to clause (o) or (p) above and (ii) to the extent any Subsidiary incurs any Indebtedness pursuant to clauses (a) through (q) above, the guaranty of such Indebtedness by any other non-Credit Party shall not be required to comply with, or be counted against any baskets, in this Section 6.1. 
  (o)         By deleting clause (o) of Section 6.2 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  
  (o)        subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, Liens on US Collateral to secure obligations under the Senior Secured Notes Documents (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, Liens on the assets of any Foreign Subsidiary); 
  (p)        By deleting clause (b) of Section 6.4 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting in lieu the following:  
  (b) restrictions contained in any documents evidencing unsecured Debt or Subordinated Debt permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(c), in the Senior Secured Notes Documents and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto; provided, that in respect of such unsecured Debt or Subordinated Debt, in the Senior Secured Notes Documents and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto, such restrictions do not restrict the ability to grant security interests as required under the Credit Documents or any agreement that refinances this Agreement  
  (q)        By (i) deleting the reference to "Term Loans" in Section 6.5(d) of the Credit Agreement and substituting a reference to "Senior Secured Notes" in lieu thereof and (ii) deleting clause (e) of Section 6.5 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  
  (e)        repurchase or redeem Senior Secured Notes with the proceeds of (x) Debt incurred pursuant to Section 6.1(c), (y) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof incurred pursuant to Section 6.1(p) or (z) Term Priority Collateral, pursuant to a mandatory repurchase or redemption, to the extent not prohibited by the Intercreditor Agreement. 
  (r)         By deleting the phase ", in the Term Credit Documents and as provided in the Senior Notes Documents" from Section 6.6 of the Credit Agreement in substituting in lieu thereof the phrase "and as provided in the Senior Secured Notes Documents".  
  (s)        By adding the following new clause (l) to the end of Section 6.7 of the Credit Agreement:  
  (l)        Investments constituting Relocated Assets in an aggregate amount not to exceed a fair market value of $5.0 million at any time so long as no Default or Event of Default exists when the applicable assets become Relocated Assets.  
  (t)        By deleting Section 8.1(l)(ii) of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  
  (ii) this Agreement or any Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or the satisfaction in full of the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or shall be declared null and void, or the Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any Collateral (other than  

Relocated Asset constituting Investments permitted by Section 6.7(l)) purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant Collateral Document, in each case for any reason other than the failure of the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party to take any action within its control, 
  (u)         By deleting Section 10.26 of the Credit Agreement in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:  
  10.26        Designation of Debt for Purposes of the Senior Notes Indenture  .   Pursuant to the Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Lead Borrower hereby designates this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as the "ABL Credit Agreement" and a  Credit Facility  for all purposes under the Senior Secured Notes Indenture.  
    
  (v)         By adding the following new Sections 10.31 and 10.32 to the end of Section 10 of the Credit Agreement:  
  10.31        Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  .   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:  
    
  (a)        the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
    
  (b)        the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
    
  (i)        a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
    
  (ii)        a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or 
    
  (iii)        the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
    
  10.32        Additional Terms  . If the terms of any of the Senior Secured Notes Documents (as in effect on the Second Amendment Effective Date or as subsequently amended or otherwise modified with the approval of Administrative Agent for purposes of this Section) provide for additional or more restrictive covenants, representations, warranties, defaults or other terms (other than with respect to pricing) with respect to the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, however expressed (whether as an event of default or otherwise) (the    Additional Terms   ) than the provisions of the Credit Documents in favor of the Secured Parties, such Additional Terms shall be deemed automatically incorporated by reference into this Agreement, as if set forth fully herein, without any further action required on the part of any Person, effective as of the date when such Additional Terms became effective, and in addition to and without limiting any other provisions of the Credit Agreement. Upon the request of Administrative Agent, the Credit Parties shall enter into any additional agreement or amendment to this Agreement reasonably requested by Administrative Agent evidencing any of the foregoing, although any failure to enter into such additional agreement or amendment shall not impact the effectiveness of such Additional Terms.  A breach or violation of any Additional Term shall be deemed an Event of Default for all purposes of the Credit Documents. This Section is provided solely for the  

benefit of the Secured Parties and as a material inducement to the Secured Parties entering into the transactions occurring on or about the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
    
  iii)        Other Amendments  .    Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 8 hereof, (i) Section 13 of the US Pledge and Security Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to "Term Agent" and "Term Credit Documents" and substituting, respectively, in each instance a reference to "Senior Secured Notes Collateral Agent" and "Senior Secured Notes Documents"; (ii) Section 2 of the US Pledge and Security Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "Letter-of-Credit Rights" contained therein and substituting in lieu thereof the phrase "Letter of Credit Rights"; (iii) Section 4.4.1(a)(iii) of the US Pledge and Security Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "Security Interest" contained therein and substituting in lieu thereof the phrase "security interest";  and (iv) Section 13 of the Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement is hereby amended by deleting in such Section entirety and substituting the phrase "13. Intentionally Omitted" in lieu thereof.  Upon and after the consummation of the Notes Refinancing, the Credit Parties shall cooperate with Agents to enter into such amendments to the Credit Documents as Agents may request from time to time to reflect the Notes Refinancing and the Intercreditor Agreement in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Amendment, including amendments to US Mortgages as applicable. Agents are hereby authorized and may in their discretion amend, modify or supplement the Credit Documents from time to time, without further consent by any other Person (and, to the extent the consent of any Credit Party is required under the applicable Credit Document, it is hereby granted by the Credit Parties), to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency arising in connection with the Notes Refinancing or to reflect the consummation of the Notes Refinancing.  
  iv)        Ratification and Reaffirmation  .    Each Borrower hereby ratifies and reaffirms the Obligations, each of the Credit Documents, and all of such Borrower's covenants, duties, indebtedness and liabilities under the Credit Documents.  Each Guarantor hereby (i) consents to each Borrower's execution and delivery of this Amendment and of the other documents, instruments or agreements each Borrower agrees to execute and deliver pursuant thereto; (ii) agrees to be bound hereby; and (iii) affirms that nothing contained herein shall modify in any respect whatsoever its respective guaranty of the Obligations and reaffirms that such guaranty is and shall remain in full force and effect. 
  v)        Representations and Warranties  .    Each Credit Party represents and warrants to Agents and Lenders, to induce Agents and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, that no Default or Event of Default exists on the date hereof; the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of such Credit Party and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Credit Party; and all of the representations and warranties made by such Credit Party in the Credit Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly relates to a particular date, in which case such representation and warranty is true and correct on and as of such date). 
  vi)        Reference to Credit Agreement  .    Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement,   hereunder,  or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 
  vii)        Breach of Amendment  .    This Amendment shall be part of the Credit Agreement and a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant herein shall constitute an Event of Default. 
  viii)        Conditions Precedent  .    The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, unless satisfaction thereof is specifically waived in writing by Administrative Agent: 
  (a)        Administrative Agent shall have received from each Credit Party, Agent and Lender a duly executed original counterpart of this Amendment; 
  (b)        The applicable parties shall have entered into the Intercreditor Agreement (as such term is used in Section 2 hereof);  

(c)        Administrative Agent shall have received a closing certificate from Lead Borrower attaching and certifying as to true, correct and complete copies of the Senior Secured Notes Documents (as such term is used in Section 2 hereof), including any payoff letters, lien release documentations and terminations in connection with the Notes Refinancing and copies of authorizing resolutions for the Notes Refinancing and this Amendment, all of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agents, and certifying that the Notes Refinancing shall have been consummated and that there shall be no conflict between the terms of the Credit Documents and the Senior Secured Notes Documents; and 
  (d)         Administrative Agent shall have received such other certificates, documents and instruments as Administrative Agent may reasonably request, if any.  
  ix)        Expenses of Agents and Lenders  .  In consideration of Agents  and Lenders  willingness to enter into this Amendment as set forth herein,     Borrowers agree to pay,   on demand  , all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment and any other Credit Documents executed pursuant hereto and any and all amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, including, without limitation, the reasonable costs and fees of Administrative Agent s legal counsel and any taxes, filing fees and other reasonable expenses associated with or incurred in connection with the execution, delivery or filing of any instrument or agreement referred to herein or contemplated hereby. 
  x)        Governing Law  .    This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 
  xi)        No Novation, etc.    Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Amendment, nothing herein shall be deemed to amend or modify any provision of the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, each of which shall remain in full force and effect.  This Amendment is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or accord and satisfaction, and the Credit Agreement as herein modified shall continue in full force and effect. 
  xii)        Successors and Assigns  .    This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
  xiii)        Further Assurances  .  Each Credit Party agrees to take such further actions as Administrative Agent shall reasonably request from time to time in connection herewith to evidence or give effect to the amendments set forth herein or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
  xiv)        Miscellaneous  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties to this Amendment on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Any manually executed signature page to this Amendment delivered by a party by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. Section titles and references used in this Amendment shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreements among the parties hereto. This Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended except in a writing signed by the parties. 
  xv)        Waiver of Jury Trial  .      To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby waives the right to trial by jury in any action, suit, counterclaim or proceeding arising out of or related to this Amendment  . 
  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank;  signatures begin on following page.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written above. 
                       
    XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  XERIUM CANADA, INC. 
  HUYCK LICENSCO INC. 
  ROBEC BRAZIL LLC 
  STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC 
  STOWE WOODWARD LLC 
  WANGNER ITELPA I LLC 
  WANGNER ITELPA II LLC 
  WEAVEXX, LLC 
  XERIUM ASIA, LLC 
  XERIUM III (US) LIMITED 
  XERIUM IV (US) LIMITED 
  XERIUM V (US) LIMITED 
  XTI LLC 
  JJ PLANK COMPANY, LLC 
    
    By: ___  /s/ Cliff E. Pietrafitta     ____________________ 
    Name:   Cliff E. Pietrafitta 
    Title:   Vice President   Chief Financial  
  Officer 
    
  [Signatures continued on following page.] 

HUYCK. WANGNER GERMANY GMBH 
    
  By: ___  /s/ Michael F. Bly  ______________________ 
  Name:   Michael F. Bly 
  Title:   Managing Director 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

Robec Walzen GmbH 
    
  By: ___  /s/ Michael F. Bly  ______________________ 
  Name:   Michael F. Bly 
  Title:   Managing Director 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

STOWE WOODWARD AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
    
  By:        /s/ David J. Pretty                   
  Name:   David J. Pretty 
  Title:   Member of the Managing Board  
  (  Vorstand  ) 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

XERIUM GERMANY HOLDING GMBH 
    
  By:           /s/ David J. Pretty                   
  Name:   David J. Pretty 
  Title:   Managing Director   

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

XERIUM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
    
  By:        /s/ Kevin McDougall           
  Name:   Kevin McDougall 
  Title:   Director 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,   as  
  Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and as a Lender 
    
  By:        /s/ Patrick Fravel               
  Name:    Patrick Fravel 
  Title:    Authorized Officer 

[Signatures continued on following page] 

J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED,   as European Administrative Agent and European Collateral Agent   
           By: 
    ____  /s/ Matthew Sparkes  _____________________ 
     Name:    Matthew Sparkes 
  Title:   Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON BRANCH,   as a Lender to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement 

By: 
    ____  /s/ Matthew Sparkes  _____________________ 
     Name:    Matthew Sparkes 
  Title:    Vice President 

[Signatures continued on following page.] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., TORONTO BRANCH,   as a Lender to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement 
           By: 
    ___  /s/ Agostino Marchetti   ______________________ 
     Name:    Agostino Marchetti 
  Title:   Authorized Officer 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hbxrm-ex31x12016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
  I, Harold C. Bevis, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xerium Technologies, Inc. (the  registrant  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 27, 2016    

/s/ Harold C. Bevis 
      Harold C. Bevis 
      President and Chief Executive Officer  
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cpxrm-ex31_2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
  I, Clifford E. Pietrafitta, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xerium Technologies, Inc. (the  registrant  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
    
               /s/ Clifford E. Pietrafitta 
      Clifford E. Pietrafitta 
      Executive Vice President and CFO 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 hbxrm-ex321_2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as principal executive officer of Xerium Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify that, to his knowledge: 
  1) the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Harold C. Bevis 
      Harold C. Bevis 
      President and Chief Executive Officer  
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

October 27, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 cpxrm-ex322_2016q3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as principal financial officer of Xerium Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify that, to his knowledge: 
  1) the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ Clifford E. Pietrafitta 
      Clifford E. Pietrafitta 
      Executive Vice President and CFO 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

October 27, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 xrm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 xrm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 xrm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 xrm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 xrm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 xrm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

