<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1407583_0000721748-16-001751_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>952380</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92004</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>73660</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>223346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>268102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>251816</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721748-16-001751.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114114736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721748-16-001751
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIBERTY SILVER CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001407583
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				320196442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-150028
		FILM NUMBER:		161992374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		181 BAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2330
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5J 3T3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-749-4916

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		181 BAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2330
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5J 3T3

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Silver Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lincoln Mining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721748-16-001751.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 lbsv10q111116.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

[ X ]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

Commission File Number:   333-150028   

LIBERTY SILVER CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [ X ] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [ X ] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting Company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting Company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
    accelerated filer [ ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [ ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer [ ]  (Do not check if a smaller reporting Company)  
      Smaller
    reporting Company [ X ]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 [ ]Yes [X ] No 

As of November 14, 2016 the Issuer had 12,354,497
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The financial statements of Liberty Silver
Corp., ( Liberty Silver , the  Company , or the  Registrant ) a Nevada corporation, included
herein were prepared, without audit, pursuant to rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because certain
information and notes normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America were condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, these financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2016, and all amendments thereto. 

LIBERTY SILVER CORP.  

  (AN EXPLORATION STAGE COMPANY)  

  INTERIM UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

INDEX
    TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:  
      Page   

Balance
    Sheets   
      1   

Statements
    of Operations and Comprehensive Loss    
      2   

Statements
    of Cash Flows  
      3   

Notes
        to Interim Unaudited Financial Statements     
          
          5-9    

Liberty Silver Corp.   

  (An Exploration Stage Company)  

  Balance Sheets      

Basis of presentation and going concern  (note 1)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim unaudited financial statements  

Table Of Contents        1        

Liberty Silver Corp.   

  (An Exploration Stage Company)  

  Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  

  (Unaudited)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim unaudited financial statements  

Table Of Contents        2        

Liberty Silver Corp.   

  (An Exploration Stage Company)  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim unaudited financial statements  

Table Of Contents        3        

Liberty Silver Corp.   

  (An Exploration Stage Company)  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)      

For
    the three months ended September 30,       
           2016            
           2015        

$
                                                      
            $        

Supplemental
    Disclosures:       

Cash
    paid for:       

Interest       

Income
    tax       

Non-cash
    financing activities:       

Common
    stock issued to acquire mining interest       

Common
    stock issued to settle debt for services       

Common
    stock issued to settle loan payable       

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim unaudited financial statements 

Table Of Contents        4        

Liberty Silver Corp.   

  (An Exploration Stage Company)  

  Notes to Interim Unaudited Financial Statements  

  For the
three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Note 1   Basis of Presentation and
Going Concern  

The accompanying interim unaudited financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and
the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for interim financial information. Accordingly,
they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results
of operations, stockholders  equity or cash flows. It is management's opinion, however, that all material adjustments (consisting
of normal recurring adjustments) have been made which are necessary for a fair financial statement presentation. The interim unaudited
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which contains the annual
audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with the Management s Discussion and Analysis, for the year ended
June 30, 2016. The interim results for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results for the
full fiscal year. The interim unaudited financial statements are presented in USD, which is the functional currency. 

These interim unaudited financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated deficit
of $15,428,549 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. The ability of the Company to emerge from
the exploration stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, explore and
develop the mineral properties and the discovery, development, and sale of reserves. The Company does not have sufficient working
capital needed to meet its current fiscal obligations. In order to continue to meet its fiscal obligations in the current fiscal
year and beyond, the Company must seek additional financing. Its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the
ability of the Company to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations
and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The accompanying interim unaudited financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Management considers various financing alternatives
including, but not limited to, merger and acquisition activity, raising capital through the equity markets and debt financing.
These unaudited interim financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot
continue in existence. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

On January 30, 2015, the Company completed
a share consolidation of its common shares on the basis of one (1) new post-consolidation common share for every 15 pre-consolidated
common shares. The number of authorized shares was not reduced as a result of this share consolidation. The 185,309,574 common
shares of the Company outstanding immediately prior to consolidation were reduced to 12,354,497 common shares, as approved by
shareholders at the Company s annual general and special meeting held on December 5, 2014. No fractional shares were issued.
Any fractions of a share were rounded up to the next whole common share. A new CUSIP number of 53121P206 replaced the old CUSIP
number of 53121P107, to distinguish between the pre- and post-consolidated shares. In conjunction with this share consolidation,
corresponding adjustments were made in the number of options and warrants issued and outstanding, and in the exercise prices of
such options and warrants. All outstanding common shares and per share amounts contained in the interim unaudited financial statements
and related notes have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this share consolidation for all periods presented. 

Table Of Contents        5        

Note 2   Nature of Operations   

Liberty Silver Corp. was incorporated under
the laws of the state of Nevada, U.S.A on February 20, 2007 under the name Lincoln Mining Corp. Pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment
dated February 11, 2010, the Company changed its name to Liberty Silver Corp. The Company s registered office is located
at 1802 N. Carson Street, Suite 212, Carson City Nevada 89701, and its head office is located at 390 Bay Street, Suite 806, Toronto,
Ontario, Canada, M5H 2Y2, and its telephone number is 509-526-3491. As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the Company had no subsidiaries. 

The Company was incorporated for the purpose
of engaging in mineral exploration activities. On March 29, 2010, the Company entered into an Exploration Earn-In Agreement relating
to the Trinity Project located in Pershing County, Nevada. The Company is currently engaged in the exploration of the Trinity
Project, and has not yet commenced development stage activities, however, the Company intends to engage in efforts to develop
the Trinity Project in the future. Subject to securing adequate financing, the plan of operation for the fiscal year ending June
30, 2017 is to conduct additional mineral exploration activities at the Trinity Silver property, which plan will extend into the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2018. Subject to the availability of funding, operations at the Trinity Project will consist of (i)
an effort to expand the known mineralized material through drilling, (ii) permitting for operation, if deemed economically viable,
(iii) metallurgical studies aimed at enhancing the recovery of the silver and by-product lead and zinc, (iv) engineering design
related to potential construction of a new mine, and (v) complete feasibility studies relating to possible re-opening of the historic
mine. Exploration of the property would be conducted simultaneously with the mine development in order to locate additional mineralized
materials. 

Note 3 - Mineral Property  

The Company acquired its interest in the Trinity
Project through an Exploration Earn-In Agreement. On March 29, 2010, the Company entered into the Earn-In Agreement relating to
the Trinity Project with AuEx, Inc., a Nevada company beneficially owned by another Nevada company AuEx Ventures, Inc. AuEx, Inc.
held an exclusive interest in the Trinity Project by way of a Minerals Lease and Sublease with Newmont Mining USA Limited, a Delaware
corporation who owns or leases the various unpatented mining claims and portions of private land comprising the Trinity Project.
As part of a restructuring transaction by AuEx Ventures, Inc., another Nevada company Renaissance Exploration Inc. ( Renaissance )
was spun out, and on July 1, 2010 AuEx, Inc. assigned all of its interest in the Trinity Project and the Earn-In Agreement to
Renaissance, who currently holds a 100% leasehold interest in the Trinity Project. The Minerals Lease and Sublease grants to Newmont,
a right of first offer on any transfer of AuEx, Inc. s interests in the Trinity Project to any non-affiliate of AuEx, Inc.,
and also gives Newmont a right to either enter into a joint venture agreement covering the Trinity Project and any other real
property interests that AuEx, Inc. holds or acquires within the Trinity Project, or receive a royalty on all mineral production
from such properties. Currently the rights to the Trinity Project are held 100% by Renaissance, pursuant to an assignment of such
rights from AuEx, Inc. The Company entered into the Earn-In Agreement providing the Company with a right to earn a 70% undivided
interest in rights of Renaissance in the Trinity Project (the  70% Interest ). 

Under the Earn-In Agreement, the Company may
earn-in the 70% Interest in the Trinity Project during a 6-year period in consideration of (1) a signing payment of $25,000, which
has been made, (2) an expenditure of a cumulative total of $5,000,000 in exploration and development expenses on the Trinity Project
by March 29, 2016, including a minimum of $500,000 which must be expended within one year from the effective date of the Agreement,
and (3) completion of a bankable feasibility study on the Trinity Project on or before the 7 th  anniversary date of
the Agreement. Item (1) has been completed by the Company, and the Company has satisfied item (2), and has reported its compliance
as of March 29, 2013, which is the end of the third year from the inception of the Earn-in Agreement. 

On October 15, 2012, the Company entered into
and closed a Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Primus Resources, L.C. and James A. Freeman (collectively
 Seller ) to acquire unpatented mining claims, Nevada BLM Serial No. 799907, 799908, 799909, 799910, and 799911 covering
approximately 100 acres of property located adjacent to the former Trinity Silver mine on the Company s Trinity Project
(the  Hi Ho Properties ). The Hi Ho Properties were previously the only acreage not controlled by the Company or its
joint venture partner Renaissance Exploration Inc. in the Trinity Project. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
provided cash consideration of $250,000 and issued 172,222 restricted shares of common stock of the Company to Seller. In addition
the Seller was granted a 2% net smelter royalty on future production from the Hi Ho Properties pursuant to the terms of a Deed
with Reservation of Royalty Hi Ho Silver Claims. 

Table Of Contents        6        

The Trinity Project consists of a total of
approximately 10,020 acres, including 5,676 acres of fee land and 253 unpatented mining claims. 

The Company has completed some financing transactions,
and continues to pursue additional financing opportunities in order to obtain the capital needed to fulfill its obligations under
the terms of the Earn-In Agreement. There has been no mining of resources to date. 

During the interim period ended September
30, 2015, the Company had incurred approximately $62,656 in exploration related expenditures, which were reported under various
line items on the statement of operations. 

During the interim period ended September
30, 2016, the Company had incurred approximately $49,787 in exploration related expenditures, which were reported under various
line items on the statement of operations. 

Note 4   Convertible Loan Payable  

On October 17, 2014, the Company amended and
restated its agreement in relation to an existing $1,210,000 principal amount secured loan facility (the  Original Loan )
made available by BG Capital Group Ltd. ( BGCG ). Under the terms of the revised agreement, BGCG has made available
to the Company a committed non-revolving term credit facility in the principal amount of $1,250,000 (the  New Loan ),
which bore interest at a rate of 11% per annum and which was secured by a charge on all of the assets of the Company. The Company
repaid the indebtedness to BGCG under the Original Loan by converting the principal amount of the Original Loan, together with
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, being $1,248,654 (the  Debt ), into 6,659,487 common shares of the Company
( Common Shares ) at a price of $0.1875 per Common Share, in full satisfaction of the Debt under the Original Loan. 

The New Loan consists of up to $1,250,000
of new credit facilities, of which $25,000 had been advanced to the Company pursuant to a promissory note, which was superseded
by the New Loan and became part of the first advance under the New Loan in the aggregate amount of $350,000. 

The key terms of the New Loan are as follows: 

the
                                         outstanding principal amount bears interest at 11% per annum from date of advance and
                                         becomes due and payable in its entirety one year following the closing date of the New
                                         Loan (the  Maturity Date ). The Company exercised its option to extend the
                                         Maturity Date by six months, with interest payable at 15% per annum accruing on the outstanding
                                         principal amount during such extension period;    

the
                                         New Loan is secured by a charge on all of the assets of the Company; and    

BGCG,
                                         at any time up to one business day prior to the Maturity Date, at its sole option, shall
                                         be entitled to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the
                                         New Loan advanced to Liberty (including all deferred interest), together with all accrued
                                         interest, into Common Shares, on the basis of $0.1875 per Common Share. The conversion
                                         rights are subject to the Company having sufficient authorized capital available to satisfy
                                         the exercise of the conversion rights from time to time. To the extent there is not sufficient
                                         authorized capital at any time to permit the full exercise of all conversion rights available
                                         to BGCG at such time, the Company shall take all reasonable commercial efforts to hold,
                                         as expeditiously as possible, a shareholders  meeting to approve the necessary
                                         increase to the authorized capital in order that the conversion rights available to BGCG
                                         may be exercised to its fullest extent.    

Table Of Contents        7        

The carrying value of the conversion option
equity component of the convertible loan has been determined to be nil and the carrying value of the liability component is $1,250,000.
 The effective interest rate on the liability component of the convertible loan was 11% for the period ending October 15,
2015 and 15% per annum during the extended period beginning October 15, 2015. 

The lender pursuant to the New Loan is BGCG.
Immediately following the closing date, BGCG and certain of its related parties owned, directly and indirectly, 8,657,417 Common
Shares, which represented approximately 70.1% of the Company s 12,353,972 issued and outstanding Common Shares on the closing
date of the New Loan. Other than pursuant to the New Loan, the Company does not have any contractual or other relationship with
BGCG. 

As at April 15, 2016, the Maturity Date, the
Company has not repaid the loan and BGCG has not called the loan nor converted any portion of the outstanding balance into common
shares. In accordance with the default provision of the agreement, the loan is repayable on demand and from April 15, 2016, will
accrue interest until such time as the loan is repaid or converted into common shares. 

As at September 30, 2016, the $1,250,000 New
Loan has been fully utilized. 

Note 5   Capital Stock and Warrants  

Authorized  

The total authorized capital is as follows: 

 -         
300,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 per common share; and 

 -         
10,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per preferred share  

Issued and outstanding  

As at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016,
12,354,497 common shares are issued and outstanding. 

For the above share issuances, the shares
were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance upon the exemptions from registration contained in Regulation
S of the Securities Act of 1933. No underwriters were used, nor were any brokerage commissions paid in connection with the above
share issuances. 

Warrants   

On August 4, 2016, 13,333 warrants expired
with an exercise price of CAD $11.25. As at September 30, 2016, no warrants are outstanding. 

Stock Options   

On February 17, 2015, the Company granted
a total of 1,182,667 stock options to purchase common shares to directors, officers and an employee of the Company, at an exercise
price of $0.1875 per share and for a term of 5 years. 

Stock based compensation expense, resulting
from the vesting of stock options, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $NIL (2015 - $18,512), which is included
in operation and administration expense on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As at September 30, 2016 there were 1,182,667
stock options outstanding, exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of $0.1875 per share, and expiring on February 17,
2020. 

Table Of Contents        8        

Note 6   Commitments and Contingencies  

As at September 30, 2016, the Company did
not have any lease commitments. 

On September 12, 2013, the Company and certain
of its current and former officers and directors (the  Liberty Silver Parties ) were named as defendants in a proposed
securities class action lawsuit filed against Robert Genovese, certain individuals alleged to have collaborated with Mr. Genovese,
and an offshore investment firm allegedly controlled by Mr. Genovese (the  Action,  Case No. 9:13-cv-80923-KLR, Stanaford
v. Genovese et al.). The action alleged violations of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and rules thereunder relating
to anomalous trading activity and fluctuations in the Company s share price from August through October 2012. 

On December 8, 2014, without in any way acknowledging
any fault or liability, the Company reached a settlement in principle, providing for a payment of $1 million cash, to be paid
by the Company's D O insurance carriers. On August 17, 2015, with no admission of fault or liability by the Liberty Silver
Parties, the Court approved the settlement class and fully and finally dismissed with prejudice all claims against Liberty Silver,
Geoffrey Browne, and William Tafuri in the litigation. Although defendants continue to deny plaintiffs' allegations, the Company
believed it was in the best interests of its stockholders to focus its attention on its business and put the matter behind it. 

The Company had incurred substantial legal
fees in prior fiscal years in connection with SEC and OSC cease trade orders issued in October 2012, and until March 31, 2016,
those fees were being reported in accounts payable. As the legal fees were incurred, the Company submitted a claim for reimbursement
from the insurance underwriter pursuant to the terms of its directors  and officers  insurance policy. The insurance
underwriter denied coverage of this claim and the Company has since retained legal counsel, on a contingent fee basis, and is
challenging the position taken by Liberty International Underwriters Inc., the insurance underwriter, through litigation. In connection
with the substantial legal fees incurred by the Company with various law firms, the Company has entered into an assignment agreement
(the  Assignment Agreement ) with the various law firms that are owed these fees. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement,
the Company has irrevocably assigned the net proceeds of the Company s action against the insurance underwriter to each
of the law firms that are owed fees in connection with the SEC and OSC cease trade orders. Each of the law firms have agreed,
pursuant to the terms of the Assignment Agreement, to fully and finally release the Company from any and all claims, demands of
causes of action, in respect of the accounts rendered by the law firms. As a result of entering into the Assignment Agreement
with the various law firms that were owed fees in connection with the SEC and OSC cease trade orders, the Company was able to
extinguish approximately $708,000 of liabilities from its balance sheet as at June 30, 2016 and record a corresponding legal fees
expense recovery in the statements of operations for the year ended June 30, 2016. Without considering the legal fees expense
recovery, the Company incurred approximately $41,834 in other legal fees related to normal operations during the year ended June
30, 2016. 

Additionally, in the normal course of operations,
certain other contingencies may arise relating to legal actions undertaken against the Company. In the opinion of management,
whether the impact of such potential legal actions would have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations,
liquidity, or its financial position, cannot be determined in advance. 

Table Of Contents        9        

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

SPECIAL NOTE OF CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain
statements in this report, including statements in the following discussion, are what are known as  forward looking statements ,
which are basically statements about the future. For that reason, these statements involve risk and uncertainty since no one can
accurately predict the future. Words such as  plans,   intends,   will,   hopes,   seeks, 
 anticipates,   expects  and the like often identify such forward looking statements, but are not the only
indication that a statement is a forward looking statement. Such forward looking statements include statements concerning our
plans and objectives with respect to the present and future operations of the Company, and statements which express or imply that
such present and future operations will or may produce revenues, income or profits. Numerous factors and future events could cause
the Company to change such plans and objectives or fail to successfully implement such plans or achieve such objectives, or cause
such present and future operations to fail to produce revenues, income or profits. Therefore, the reader is advised that the following
discussion should be considered in light of the discussion of risks and other factors contained in this report on Form 10-Q and
in the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. No statements contained in the following discussion
should be construed as a guarantee or assurance of future performance or future results.  

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

The Corporation    

Liberty Silver Corp. was incorporated under
the laws of the state of Nevada, U.S.A on February 20, 2007 under the name Lincoln Mining Corp. Pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment
dated February 11, 2010, the Company changed its name to Liberty Silver Corp. The Company s registered office is located
at 1802 N. Carson Street, Suite 212, Carson City Nevada 89701, and its head office is located at 390 Bay Street, Suite 806, Toronto,
Ontario, Canada, M5H 2Y2, and our telephone number is 888-749-4916. 

Current Operations   

Overview  

The Company was incorporated for the purpose
of engaging in mineral exploration activities, and on May 24, 2007, purchased the Zone Lode mining claim located in Elko County,
Nevada, for a purchase price of $10,000. The objective was to conduct mineral exploration activities on the Zone Lode claim to
assess whether it contained economic reserves of copper, gold, silver, molybdenum or zinc. The Company was not able to determine
whether this property contained reserves that were economically recoverable and as a result, ceased to explore this property.
The Company s current business operations are focused on exploring and developing the Trinity Silver property located in
Pershing County, Nevada (the  Trinity Project ). 

The Company acquired its interest in the Trinity
Project through an Exploration Earn-In Agreement with AuEx, Inc., a Nevada company (the  Earn-In Agreement ), discussed
below. The Earn-In Agreement is subject to the rights and obligations of AuEx, Inc. and its successors and assigns under a Minerals
Lease and Sublease between AuEx, Inc. and Newmont Mining USA Limited. As part of a restructuring transaction by AuEx Ventures,
Inc., another Nevada company Renaissance Gold Inc. ( Renaissance ) was spun out, and on July 1, 2010 AuEx, Inc. assigned
all of its interest in the Trinity Project and the Earn-In Agreement to Renaissance, who currently holds a 100% leasehold interest
in the Trinity Project pursuant to the Minerals Lease and Sublease. The Company s rights in the Trinity Project are derived
from and based upon the rights of Renaissance through the Minerals Lease and Sublease.   

The Trinity Project consists of a total of
approximately 10,020 acres, including 5,676 acres of fee land and 253 unpatented mining claims.  Under the Earn-In Agreement,
the Company may earn-in the 70% Interest in the Trinity Project during a 6-year period in consideration of (1) a signing payment
of $25,000, which has been made, (2) an expenditure of a cumulative total of $5,000,000 in exploration and development expenses
on the Trinity Project by March 29, 2016, including a minimum of $500,000 which must be expended within one year from the effective
date of the Agreement, and (3) completion of a bankable feasibility study on the Trinity Project on or before the 7 th 
anniversary date of the Agreement. Item (1) has been completed by the Company, and the Company has satisfied item (2), and has
reported its compliance as of March 29, 2013, which is the end of the third year from the inception of the Earn-in Agreement. 

The Company s business operations are
currently focused on efforts to explore the Trinity Project. The Company has not yet commenced development stage activities, however,
subject to the availability of adequate funding, the Company intends to engage in efforts to develop the Trinity Project in the
future. The Company foresees future operations at the Trinity Project consisting of (i) an effort to expand the known mineralized
material through drilling, (ii) permitting for operation, if deemed economically viable, (iii) metallurgical studies aimed at
enhancing the recovery of the silver and by-product lead and zinc, and (iv) engineering design related to potential construction
of a new mine. Exploration of the property would be conducted simultaneously with the mine development in order to locate additional
mineralized materials. 

Products  

The Company s anticipated product will
be precious and base metal-bearing concentrates and/or precious metal bullion produced from ores from mineral deposits which it
hopes to discover and exploit through exploration and acquisition. The Company anticipates such products will be silver, lead
and zinc. 

Trinity Project Location  

The Trinity Project is located along the west
flank of the Trinity Range in Pershing County, Nevada, about 25 miles by road northwest of Lovelock, NV, the county seat. The
Trinity Project consists of approximately 10,020 acres, which includes 253 unpatented lode mining claims and portions of nine
sections of private land. Each claim filed with the BLM has an associated maintenance fee of $140 per year for each assessment
year (which runs from September 1 through August 31). This fee must be paid by midnight on August 31 of each year to maintain
the claim's validity for the succeeding assessment year. The fees for the claims comprising the Trinity Project are paid by Renaissance
in accordance with the Lease they hold with Newmont. The Company reimburses Renaissance for this expenditure. All of the fees
have been paid to the BLM for the current assessment year and all filings are current. There are 253 claims, which based upon
current maintenance fees, costs approximately $35,420 per assessment year to maintain. 

Infrastructure  

The Trinity Project is situated in western
Nevada, a locale which is host to many metal mines, mining equipment companies, drilling companies, mining and metallurgical consulting
expertise, and experienced mining personnel. Its location is accessible by all-weather road through an area of very sparse population.
There is no infrastructure on the property. All buildings have been removed, all wells have been properly abandoned, and there
is no equipment on site. The mine site has been totally reclaimed to the satisfaction of the State of Nevada. The need for power
and water would be defined by a feasibility study and mine plan both of which are premature at this point in time. 

Government Regulation and Approval  

The following permits will be necessary to
put the Trinity Project into production. 

Permit/notification   
       Agency    

- Mine registry  
      Nevada Division
    of Minerals   

- Mine Opening notification  
      State Inspector
    of Mines   

- Solid Waste Landfill  
      Nevada Bureau of
    Waste Management   

- Hazardous Waste
    Management Permit  
      Nevada Bureau of
    Waste Management   

- General Storm
    Water Permit  
      Nevada Bureau of
    Pollution Control   

- Hazardous material
    Permit  
      State Fire Marshal   

- Fire and Life
    Safety  
      State Fire Marshal   

- Explosives Permit  
      Bureau of Alcohol,
    Tobacco, Firearms   

- Notification of
    Commencement of Operations  
      Mine Safety and
    Health Administration   

- Radio License  
      Federal Communications
    Commission   

All of the Company's drilling operations to
date have been on private land and, as a result, have not been subject to U.S. Bureau of Land Management jurisdiction. On private
land in Nevada, the Company's activities are regulated by The Nevada Division of Environmental Protection and the Nevada Bureau
of Mining Regulation and Reclamation ( NBMRR ) and no permit is needed as long as the disturbance created is less
than five acres. Our total disturbance to date has been less than four acres, much of which has already been reclaimed, and as
a result, we have not yet applied for a NBMRR permit. However, as a matter of courtesy, we have provided written correspondence
to NBMRR to advise them of our activities. 

Environmental Regulations  

Our current exploration activities and any
future mining operations (of which we currently have none planned), are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the
protection of the environment, waste disposal, worker safety, mine construction, and protection of endangered and protected species.
We have made, and expect to make in the future, significant expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. Future changes
in applicable laws, regulations and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could have an adverse
impact on our financial condition or results of operations. In the event that we make a mineral discovery and decide to proceed
to production, the costs and delays associated with compliance with these laws and regulations could stop us from proceeding with
a project or the operation or further improvement of a mine or increase the costs of improvement or production. 

We anticipate that the following environmental
permits will be necessary for our anticipated operations: 

- Permit for Reclamation 

 -Water Pollution
Control Permit 

 -Air Quality Operating
Permit 

 - Industrial Artificial
Pond Permit 

 - Water Rights 

The Company anticipates that, subject to the
availability of funds or financing, it will begin soliciting bids for the programs necessary to obtain these permits. The cost,
timing, and work schedules are not yet available. 

Competition  

We compete with other mining and exploration
companies in connection with the acquisition of mining claims and leases on silver and other precious metals prospects and in
connection with the recruitment and retention of qualified employees. Many of these companies are much larger than we are, have
greater financial resources and have been in the mining business much longer than we have. As such, these competitors may be in
a better position through size, finances and experience to acquire suitable exploration properties. We may not be able to compete
against these companies in acquiring new properties and/or qualified people to work on our current Trinity Project, or any other
properties we may acquire in the future. 

Given the size of the world market for precious
metals such as silver and gold relative to the number of individual producers and consumers, we believe that no single company
has sufficient market influence to significantly affect the price or supply of precious metals such as silver and gold in the
world market. 

Employees  

The Company currently has three employees:
Howard Crosby, the President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of the Board; and, two
independent directors serving on the Company s board of directors. 

Trinity Project Agreements  

The Company acquired its interest in the Trinity
Project through an Exploration Earn-In Agreement executed on March 29, 2010 with AuEx, Inc., a Nevada corporation. AuEx, Inc.
held an exclusive interest in the Trinity Project by way of a Minerals Lease and Sublease with Newmont Mining USA Limited. Effective
as of July 1, 2010, AuEx, Inc., assigned all its rights in the Exploration Earn-In Agreement to another Nevada company, Renaissance
Exploration, Inc. The terms of the Minerals Lease and Sublease Agreement and the Exploration Earn-In Agreement are discussed below. 

Lease and Sublease Agreement   

Renaissance s rights in the Trinity
Project are derived through a Minerals Lease and Sublease dated July 29, 2005 (the  Lease ) by and between Newmont
Mining USA Limited, a Delaware corporation ( Newmont ) and AuEx, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Consideration  

The Lease was granted to Renaissance for the
following consideration: 

a)    Renaissance
                                         agreed to pay Newmont a claim fee reimbursement of $10,955 concurrently with the execution
                                         of the Lease (this amount was paid);    

b)    Renaissance
                                         is required to expend a total of $2,000,000 in ascertaining the existence, location,
                                         quantity, quality or commercial value of a deposit of minerals within the Trinity Project
                                         on or before the seventh anniversary of the Lease;    

c)    Prior
                                         to the commencement of any commercial production, Renaissance shall supply Newmont with
                                         a feasibility study with respect to the Trinity Project.    

In the event the Company did not meet its
minimum expenditure obligation in any year, it would have been obligated under the terms of the Earn-In Agreement to pay the amount
of any deficiency to Renaissance Exploration, Inc. However, the Company exceeded its minimum expenditure obligation in each of
the first three years, and by the end of the third year it had incurred a total of approximately $5,652,397 in expenses. As a
result, the Company will not be obligated to pay any deficiency amounts to Renaissance for any future years. 

Joint Venture / Royalty   

The Lease gives Newmont a right to either
enter into a joint venture with Renaissance covering the Trinity Project and any other real property interests that Renaissance
holds or acquires within the Trinity Project, or receive a royalty on all mineral production from such properties. 

Joint Venture:  The Lease contemplates
the following schedule with respect to Newmont s rights to enter into a joint venture with Renaissance: 

a)    Before
                                         Renaissance spends $5 million and provides a feasibility study, Newmont can elect at
                                         any time to enter into a joint venture in which event Newmont would be required to pay
                                         all future joint venture expenses up to 250% of the expenditures made by Renaissance
                                         as of the date of Newmont s election to enter into the joint venture.    

b)    Upon
                                         Renaissance spending $5 million, but before the feasibility study, Renaissance shall
                                         deliver written notice to Newmont containing a summary of the expenditures made by Renaissance
                                         on the Trinity Project. Newmont may thereafter elect to enter into a joint venture by
                                         notifying Renaissance in writing of such election within 60 days of Newmont s receipt
                                         of Renaissance s initial notice. Under the joint venture, Newmont would be required
                                         to pay all future joint venture expenses up to 250% of the expenditures made by Renaissance
                                         as of the date of Newmont s election to enter into the joint venture.    

c)    After
                                         Renaissance spending $5 million, but before the feasibility study, at any time after
                                         the expiration of the 60 day period identified in section b above, Newmont can elect
                                         to enter into a joint venture in which event Newmont would be required to pay Renaissance
                                         50% of the expenditures made in the Trinity Project up to the date of Newmont s
                                         election to participate in a joint venture, and all future joint venture expenses up
                                         to 200% of such expenditures.    

d)    At
                                         any time within 60 days after Renaissance s delivery of feasibility study, Newmont
                                         can elect to enter into a joint venture at which time Newmont would be required to pay
                                         Renaissance 200% of expenditures made by Renaissance as of the date of Newmont s
                                         election to enter into the joint venture. Additionally, Renaissance can elect to have
                                         Newmont finance Renaissance s share of the joint venture expenses until the Trinity
                                         Project is put into commercial production. Following the commencement of commercial production,
                                         Newmont shall be entitled to recover such paid expenses with interest at the London Interbank
                                         Offering Rate. If Newmont fails to elect to participate in the Joint Venture within 60
                                         days following the delivery of the feasibility study, Newmont s right to participate
                                         in a joint venture shall terminate.    

Should Newmont elect to participate in a joint
venture with Renaissance, pursuant to the Lease, and its payment terms, Newmont will serve as the manager of the joint venture
and own 51% of the joint venture with an option to acquire an additional 14% for additional payments to Renaissance (for a total
participating interest of 65%). Pursuant to the Earn-In Agreement, we are entitled to 70% interest in the Trinity Project, subject
only to the Newmont interest. Accordingly, if Newmont exercised all of its joint venture options under the Lease, we would own
a 35% interest in the Trinity Project. 

Royalty:  In the event Newmont does
not elect to participate in a joint venture, then Newmont shall have the right to receive a royalty on all mineral production
from the Trinity Project. Pursuant to the Lease, if Newmont elects to not participate in the joint venture, then Renaissance shall
pay to Newmont $1 million and the Lease shall terminate and Newmont shall transfer title to all property comprising the Trinity
Project to Renaissance, and thereafter receive a royalty payment of up to 5% of the net smelter returns generated from the properties
comprising the Trinity Project. 

Buyout Option  

The Lease provides Renaissance with a buyout
option pursuant to which Renaissance holds the right to purchase Newmont s rights in the Trinity Project through the payment
of $1 million to Newmont. In the event Renaissance elects the buyout option, Newmont would transfer title to the Trinity Project
to Renaissance through quit claim deed while retaining certain rights in the Trinity Project; such rights may include some form
of joint venture or a royalty interest. 

Ownership Interest   Earn-In Agreement   

As noted above, the rights to the Trinity
Project are held 100% by Renaissance, pursuant to an assignment of such rights from AuEx, Inc. The Company entered into the Earn-In
Agreement providing the Company with a right to earn a 70% undivided interest in rights of Renaissance in the Trinity Project
(the  70% Interest ), as set out below. The following is intended to be a summary of the material terms of the Earn-In
Agreement, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the full text of the Earn-In Agreement. 

Consideration  

The exclusive right to acquire the 70% Interest
in the Trinity Project was granted to the Company for the following consideration: 

a)    The
                                         Company agreed to pay $25,000 upon execution of the Earn-In Agreement (this amount was
                                         paid);    

Any excess expenditure in any year shall be
carried forward and applied to the subsequent year s expenditure requirement, and the Company may accelerate the expenditures
at its discretion. If the Company elects not to meet the minimum expenditure obligation during any year but wishes to maintain
the Earn-In Agreement in full force and effect, or if it is subsequently determined that the minimum amount was not expended in
any given year, the Company shall pay the amount of any deficiency to Renaissance. 

Work Program  

The Company shall be the operator and shall
have full control over the content of work programs and annual expenditure amounts during the earn-in period, including having
the authority to apply for all necessary permits, licenses and other approvals from the U.S., the State of Nevada or any other
governmental or other entity having regulatory authority over any part of the Trinity Project. 

Joint Venture  

Upon the Company having acquired the 70% Interest
in the Trinity Project by satisfying the minimum expenditure amounts and producing a bankable feasibility study, the Company and
Renaissance shall enter into a formal joint venture agreement, and the Company will be the operator of the joint venture. 

At such time as the Company earns the 70%
Interest in the Trinity Project, the parties will thereafter participate in expenditures on the Trinity Project in accordance
with their respective interests therein, or have their interest diluted in accordance with a straight-line dilution formula, as
set forth in the joint venture agreement. 

If through dilution the interest of a party
is reduced to less than 10%, then that party s participating interest shall automatically be converted to a 3% net smelter
returns royalty interest. Should third party claims be acquired with royalties within the area of interest, the 3% royalty described
above would be reduced by the amount of such royalty but not below 1%. This reduction does not apply to the royalty described
under the heading  Royalty upon Termination of Interest  below. 

Royalty upon Termination of Interest  

If the Company elects to terminate its right
to earn an interest in the Trinity Project prior to completing a bankable feasibility study by March 29, 2017, but has expended
at least $3,000,000, the Company shall be entitled to a 4% net smelter returns royalty capped at twice its expenditure on the
Trinity Project. 

Termination  

The Company may in its sole discretion terminate
the Earn-In Agreement at any time by giving not less than 30 days prior written notice to that effect to Renaissance. Upon expiry
of the 30-day notice period, the Earn-In Agreement will be of no further force and effect. Upon such termination, the Company
shall have no further obligation to incur expenses on or for the benefit of the Trinity Project and shall have no further obligations
or liabilities to Renaissance under the Earn-In Agreement or with respect to the Trinity Project (including without limitation
liability for lost profits or consequential damages as a result of an election by the Company to terminate the agreement), other
than (a) as set forth below, and (b) to reclaim (in accordance with applicable law) any disturbances of the Trinity Project made
by the Company. 

At any time the Company may, at its option,
terminate its interest in some but less than all of the claims comprising the Trinity Project by written notice to Renaissance,
provided that if such notice (or notice of termination of the Earn-In Agreement in its entirety) is received by Renaissance after
June 30 th  of any year, the Company shall remain obligated to pay the claim maintenance fees (and make all filings and
recordings required in connection therewith) for those claims to which such termination applies for the upcoming assessment year.
To the extent the Company terminates its interest in some but less than all of the claims, the Earn-In Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect with respect to the remaining claims. 

In the event the Company is in default in
the observance or performance of any of the Company s covenants, agreements or obligations under the Earn-In Agreement,
Renaissance may give written notice of such alleged default specifying the details of same. The Company shall have 30 days following
receipt of said notice within which to remedy any such default described therein, or to diligently commence action in good faith
to remedy such default. If the Company does not cure or diligently commence to cure such default by the end of the applicable
30-day period, then Renaissance shall have the right to terminate the Earn-In Agreement by providing 30 days advance written notice
to the Company. 

Confidentiality  

All data and information coming into possession
of Renaissance or the Company by virtue of the Earn-In Agreement with respect to the business or operations of the other party,
or the Trinity Project generally, shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed to any person not a party thereto without
the prior written consent of the other party, except: (a) as required by law, rule, regulation or policy of any stock exchange
or securities commission having jurisdiction over a party; (b) as may be required by a party in the prosecution or defense of
a lawsuit or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) as required by a financial institution in connection with a request
for financing relating to development or mining activities; or (d) as may be required in connection with a proposed conveyance
to a third party of an interest in the Trinity Project or the Earn-In Agreement, provided such third party agrees in writing in
a manner enforceable by the other party to abide by all of the applicable confidentiality provisions of the Earn-In Agreement
with respect to such data and information. 

To the extent either party intends to disclose
data or information via press release or other similar format as may be required, the disclosing party shall provide the other
party with not less than five business days  notice of the text of the proposed disclosure, and the other party shall have
the right to comment on the same. 

Deed With Reservation of Royalty Hi
Ho Silver Claims.   

On October 15, 2012, the Company entered into
and closed a Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Primus Resources, L.C. and James A. Freeman (collectively
 Seller ) to acquire unpatented mining claims, Nevada BLM Serial No. 799907, 799908, 799909, 799910, and 799911 covering
approximately 100 acres of property located adjacent to the former Trinity Silver mine on the Company s Trinity Project
(the  Hi Ho Properties ). The Hi Ho Properties were previously the only acreage not controlled by the Company or its
joint venture partner Renaissance Exploration Inc. in the Trinity Project. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
provided cash consideration of $250,000 and issued 172,222 restricted shares of common stock of the Company to Seller. In addition
the Seller was granted a 2% net smelter royalty on future production from the Hi Ho Properties pursuant to the terms of a Deed
with Reservation of Royalty Hi Ho Silver Claims. 

In conjunction with the entry into the Purchase
Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with Seller,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, within thirty (30) days of the closing, which registers the common stock issued to the Seller pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement the Company paid the Seller total consideration consisting of 190,741
of its common shares. 

Trinity Project Technical Report  

In the process of compiling and synthesizing
information on the Trinity Project, on February 15, 2011, the Company completed an independently verified mineralized materials
estimate on the Trinity Project (the  Trinity Project Technical Report ); the report was publicly released by the
Company on March 2, 2011. The Technical Report for the Trinity mine project was prepared in accordance with the Canadian Securities
Administrators  National Instrument 43-101 ( NI 43-101 ) by Mine Development Associates of Reno, Nevada, and
has been reviewed by the Toronto Stock Exchange. The Trinity Project Technical Report may be viewed on the Company s website
at www.libertysilvercorp.com, and also on   www.SEDAR.com  , where it has been filed. Mineralized
materials defined in the Trinity Project Technical Report are not recognized by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Work Completed by Company   Plan of
Operation  

As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the Company
has completed the following items: (a) a magnetotelluric geophysical survey has been completed; (b) the drill hole database has
been digitized; (c) a mineralized material estimate for the original deposit identified in the Earn-In Agreement; in addition,
environmental and permitting work has begun, and all of the past geologic data has been compiled.   

Past exploration activities consisted of a
magnetotelluric survey that was completed in August of 2010, a gravity survey that was completed in March of 2012, an induced
polarization survey that was completed in May of 2012 and a drill program that was started in January of 2012 and completed in
April of 2012, consisting of 20 reverse circulation holes comprising 22,565 ft of drill hole. The Magnetotelluric Survey was initiated
in June of 2010 and completed in August of 2010. The Gravity survey was initiated in February of 2012 completed in March of 2012.
The Induced Polarization Survey was initiated in April of 2012 completed in May of 2012. The drill program was started in January
of 2012 and completed in April of 2012. 

It is estimated that during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2011, the Company incurred approximately $554,145 in exploration expenses, and that during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2012, the Company incurred approximately $1,667,497 in exploration expenses, and that during the fiscal year ending June
30, 2013, the Company incurred approximately $3,299,000 in exploration expenses, and that during the fiscal year ending June 30,
2014, the Company incurred approximately $460,432 in exploration expenses, and that during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015,
the Company incurred approximately $398,975 in exploration expenses, and that during the fiscal year ending June 20, 2016, the
Company incurred approximately $128,690 in exploration expenses, and during the interim period ended September 30, 2016, the Company
incurred approximately $49,787 in exploration expenses. These amounts include both direct exploration costs as well as various
indirect costs related to exploration and the costs of acquiring mineral properties, which under the terms of the Earn-In Agreement,
are included in the calculations for purposes of determining whether the Company has met its minimum annual expenditure commitment. 

It is anticipated, subject to the availability
of financing, that additional exploration work will be needed, although specific plans for this additional work have not yet been
finalized. It is currently anticipated that the additional exploration work to be completed will include additional drilling to
upgrade the level of confidence in the mineralization and to expand the mineralized area, as well as drilling to collect metallurgical
samples. The estimated budgeted cost for this additional drilling is approximately $1,500,000, which the Company currently does
not have.  Metallurgical testing, which is budgeted to cost approximately $300,000, is expected to be undertaken for
the purpose of defining the estimated silver recovery of the mineralized rock. The Company may not be able to complete metallurgical
testing with the funds currently available to it. Once adequate funding is secured, engineering design work, budgeted at approximately
$500,000, is expected to be undertaken for the purpose of studying the feasibility of developing a mine, and as soon as design
work is completed, permitting will need to start. The budget for permitting work is expected to be approximately $100,000. No
further geophysical work is currently planned. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company has evaluated subsequent events
for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 through the date these interim unaudited financial statements were issued, and
concluded that there were no events or transactions occurring during this period that required recognition or disclosure in its
interim financial statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis provides
information that we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operation and financial condition
for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015. Unless otherwise
stated, all figures herein are expressed in U.S. dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company. 

Results of Operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Revenue  

During the three-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company generated no revenue. 

Operating expenses  

During the three month period ended September
30, 2016, the Company reported total operating expenses of $71,971 compared to $214,439 during the three month period ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $142,468, or approximately 66%. The net decrease in total operating expenses is comprised of: a decrease
of $96,497 in operation and administration expense; a decrease of $41,597 in the reported amount of legal and accounting expense;
a decrease of $1,374 in direct exploration expenses; and, a decrease of $3,000 in consulting expenses. 

Operation and administration expense decreased
by $96,497 to an expense of $53,251 during the period ended September 30, 2016, compared to an expense of $149,748 reported during
the period ended September 30, 2015. The net decrease was comprised of certain notable fluctuations, which are as follows: salaries
and related expenses decreased by $31,228, primarily due to the decrease in board fees and the no further stock based compensation
expense as all options outstanding have been fully vested and expensed; rent expense decreased by $20,921, due to the termination
of leases that existed in the prior period for office and warehouse space; insurance expense decreased by $19,000; public company
and related administrative expenses decreased by $21,540; and, most other individual expenses which comprise the total operation
and administration expense also experienced net decreases. 

The reported amount of legal and accounting
expense decreased by a net amount of $41,597 to an expense of $10,774 during the period ended September 30, 2016, compared to
a legal and accounting expense recovery of $52,371 reported during the period ended September 30, 2015. The primary reason for
the net decrease is that during the comparative period, the Company was still incurring legal fees in connection with the Class
Complaint against the Company, which has since been dismissed. During the current period, the Company did not incur any legal
expenses that were outside of the normal course of business. 

Exploration expense decreased by $1,374 to
an expense of $7,946 during the period ended September 30, 2016, compared to exploration expense of $9,320 reported during the
period ended September 30, 2015, which was relatively unchanged. 

For financial accounting purposes, the Company
reports all direct exploration expenses under the exploration expense line item of the statement of operations. Certain indirect
expenses, which are related to the exploration activities, may be reported as operation and administration expense or consulting
expense on the statement of operations, as the case may be, or in certain cases, these expenses may also be capitalized to the
balance sheet if they relate to costs incurred to acquire mineral properties. During the interim period ended September 30, 2016,
the Company incurred a total of $49,787 of direct and indirect expenses, which related to its exploration activities, as compared
to approximately $62,656 during the interim period ended September 30, 2015. 

Consulting expense decreased by $3,000 to
and expense of $NIL during the current period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3,000 during the comparative period. The Consulting
expense incurred during the comparative period related to fees paid to a former employee who provided consulting services to the
Company from time-to-time. 

Net loss and comprehensive loss   

The Company had a net loss and comprehensive
loss of $118,509 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net loss and comprehensive loss of $215,925 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015, a change of $97,416 or approximately 45%. The decrease in net loss and comprehensive
loss was due to: a net decrease in total operating expenses of $142,468 as described above, which decrease was partially offset
by fluctuations in foreign exchange period over period, which resulted in a loss during the current period, compared to a gain
during the comparative period; and, an increase in interest expense. 

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company does not have sufficient working
capital needed to meet its current fiscal obligations. In order to continue to meet its fiscal obligations in the current fiscal
year and beyond the next twelve months, the Company must seek additional financing. Management is considering various financing
alternatives including, but not limited to, merger and acquisition activity, raising capital through the equity markets and debt
financing. 

In order to acquire a 70% interest in the
Trinity Project, the Company is required to incur $5,000,000 in exploration expenditures over a six-year period from March 29,
2010, the date of the Earn-In Agreement, to March 29, 2016. In addition, by the end of March 29, 2017, the Company is required
to produce a bankable feasibility study. As of March 29, 2013, the end of the third year following the date of the Earn-In Agreement,
the Company had incurred approximately $5,652,397 in expenditures related to the Trinity Project, and therefore had satisfied
the $5,000,000 exploration expenditure commitment. The Company is seeking financing, as described above, with the objective to
raise approximately $5,000,000 to meet immediate financial obligations; to fund its near-term working capital requirements and
fieldwork plans; to secure its interest in the Trinity property; and, subject to favorable commodity prices, continue additional
development work on the property. The additional work would consist of engineering and metallurgical testing, confirmation drilling,
and an update of the National Instrument 43-101 compliant resource estimate. 

The primary source for capital for the Company
is the equity markets. Management plans to continue its canvassing efforts of investors and financial institutions to invest capital
in the Company through private placement offerings of common shares or units consisting of common shares and warrants. The terms
and pricing of any such financing would be determined in the context of the markets and the Company s financial condition.
The Company has not entered into an agency agreement or arrangement with any financial institution or investor group to raise
capital at this time. 

In such an event where the Company is not
successful at raising capital through the issuance of capital stock, the Company may consider raising capital by the issuance
of debt. However, unless the appropriate features, such as convertible options, are attached to the debt instruments, this form
of financing is less desirable until such time as the Company may be in a position to reasonably foresee the generation of cash
flow to service and repay debt. 

On October 17, 2014, the Company amended and
restated its agreement in relation to an existing $1,210,000 principal amount secured loan facility made available by BG Capital
Group Ltd. ( BGCG ) on November 14, 2013 ( Original Loan ). Under the terms of the revised agreement,
BGCG has made available to the Company a committed non-revolving term credit facility in the principal amount of $1,250,000 (the
 New Loan ), which bore interest at a rate of 11% per annum and which was secured by a charge on all of the assets
of the Company. The Company has also repaid the indebtedness to BGCG under the Original Loan by converting the principal amount
of the Original Loan, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, being $1,248,654 (the  Debt ), into 6,659,487
common shares of the Company ( Common Shares ) at a price of $0.1875 per Common Share, in full satisfaction of the
Debt under the Original Loan. Details of the New Loan are provided in Note 4 to the financial statements for the interim period
ended September 30, 2016. 

As at April 15, 2016, the Maturity Date of
the New Loan, the Company has not repaid the loan and BGCG has not called the loan nor converted any portion of the outstanding
balance into common shares. In accordance with the default provision of the agreement, the loan is repayable on demand and from
April 15, 2016, will accrue interest until such time as the loan is repaid or converted into common shares. 

Since November 14, 2013, to sustain operations,
the Company has been dependent on BGCG as the only available source of capital in the form of debt or equity. There is no assurance
that such financing will continue to be available from BGCG. 

Further, on an ongoing basis, management will
review potential merger or acquisition targets to determine if certain synergies exist for the Company and if the potential target
would strengthen the Company s financial position. Management does not currently have any merger or acquisition target identified,
and any such discussions are at the very preliminary stages. 

In the event that the Company raises some
funds, but, due to difficult capital market conditions or other factors, is not successful at raising all funds needed to complete
the bankable feasibility study and fund ongoing working capital, management plans to continue operations with the currently reduced
overheads and to maintain the Trinity Project under a care and maintenance program, until such time as the capital markets improve
for junior exploration companies. In order to secure the Company s interest in the Trinity Project before March 29, 2017,
on April 17, 2015 the Company signed a non-binding letter of intent with Renaissance to allow Liberty to purchase a 100% interest
in the Trinity Silver property for $1,000,000. Renaissance was paid $50,000 upon execution of the letter of intent, of which $15,000
was non-refundable. The remaining $950,000 is to be paid in stages over an eighteen-month period from the closing of an amended
agreement. This purchase was contingent upon certain renegotiations with the underlying owner Newmont being achieved. The Company
negotiated with Newmont the revision of the existing NSR royalty obligation to Newmont from 5% to a revised NSR royalty obligation
of 3.125%. The Company also negotiated the elimination of any joint venture options or back in rights to Newmont whatsoever. In
consideration for the reduction in the NSR royalty obligation and the elimination of any joint venture options or back in rights,
Liberty agreed to pay $1,000,000 to Newmont, staged in four payments over eighteen months. Liberty, Renaissance and Newmont have
since signed a non-binding letter of intent agreeing to those revised terms of the underlying agreement with an effective date
of February 2, 2016, with the amended agreement to be finalized within six months from the effective date of the letter of intent.
The Company did not raise the funds that would be required to close the amended agreement within six months from the effective
date of the letter of intent; however, the Company continues to seek the funds necessary to complete this or a similar transaction
with Renaissance and Newmont and will attempt to reengage with them in the event that the required funds are raised. 

On February 17, 2015, the Company granted
a total of 1,182,667 stock options to purchase common shares to directors, officers and an employee of the Company, at an exercise
price of $0.1875 per share and for a term of 5 years. 

As at the filing date of this Form 10-Q, there
were 1,182,667 stock options outstanding, which may be exercised for gross proceeds of $221,750, however the exercise price of
the stock options exceeds the market price of the Company s shares. 

Current Assets and Total Assets   

As of September 30, 2016, the unaudited balance
sheet reflects that the Company had: i) total current assets of $126,532, compared to total current assets of $112,236 at June
30, 2016, an increase of $14,296, or approximately 13%; and ii) total assets of $126,533, compared to total assets of $112,237
at June 30, 2016, an increase of $14,296, or approximately 13%. The increase in current and total assets was primarily due to
an increase in cash from the new loan facility partially offset by cash used to fund working capital during the period. 

Total Current Liabilities and Total
Liabilities   

As of September 30, 2016, the unaudited balance
sheet reflects that the Company had total current liabilities and total liabilities of $1,704,605, compared to total current liabilities
and total liabilities of $1,571,800 at June 30, 2016, an increase of $132,805, or approximately 8%. The increase in current and
total liabilities was due to: an increase of $86,085 in convertible loan payable; an increase of $44,691 in interest payable;
and, an increase of $34,085 in accrued liabilities. The increases in these amounts were partially offset by a decrease of $32,056
in accounts payable. 

Cash Flow   for the interim periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

During the three months ended September 30,
2016 cash was primarily used to fund working capital and operations. The Company reported a net increase in cash of $8,141 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net decrease in cash of $112,502 during the three months ended September
30, 2015. The following provides additional discussion and analysis of cash flow. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, net cash used in operating activities was $77,944, compared to net cash used in operating activities of $137,502 during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities of $59,558 is the result of a
net loss and comprehensive loss of $118,509 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a net loss and comprehensive
loss of $215,925 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase to cash resulting from the decrease in net loss
and comprehensive loss period-over-period, which resulted in less cash being used in operations, was partially offset by: the
effects of the net changes in working capital items, which contributed to an increase in cash of $$40,565 during the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to net changes in working capital items, which contributed to an increase in cash of $58,173
during the comparative period; and, non-cash items of $20,250 being reported during the comparative period, compared to no non-cash
items during the current period. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company reported no activity in investing activities. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company reported $86,085 of cash from financing activities, compared to cash from financing activities of $25,000 during
the comparative period. During the current period, the Company received more funds from the convertible loan facility compared
to the previous period. 

Going Concern  

These interim unaudited financial
statement filings have been prepared on the going concern basis, which assumes that adequate sources of financing will be obtained
as required and that the Company s assets will be realized and liabilities settled in due course of business. Accordingly,
the interim unaudited financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets and classification
of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company not be able to continue as a going concern. The going concern
assumption is discussed in the financial statements  Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Going Concern . 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Securities and Exchange Commission defines
the term  disclosure controls and procedures  to mean a Company's controls and other procedures of an issuer that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
The Company maintains such a system of controls and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required
to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified under the SEC's rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated
and communicated to principal executive and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

As of the end of the period covered by this
report, the Company s sole officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure
controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation management identified a material weakness in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting related to the fact that the Company has not established adequate financial reporting monitoring procedures
to mitigate the risk of management override. Specifically, because there is only a single officer and director with management
functions there is lack of segregation of duties. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, management concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management believes that the material weakness
identified above is temporary. The Company does not currently have the resources to fund sufficient staff to ensure a complete
segregation of responsibilities within the accounting function. However, the Company is currently seeking to raise additional
capital, and once adequate resources become available, the Company intends to hire additional management personnel. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in the Company's internal
control over financial reporting during the period ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

On September 12, 2013, the Company and certain
of its current and former officers and directors (the  Liberty Silver Parties ) were named as defendants in a proposed
securities class action lawsuit filed against Robert Genovese, certain individuals alleged to have collaborated with Mr. Genovese,
and an offshore investment firm allegedly controlled by Mr. Genovese (the  Action,  Case No. 9:13-cv-80923-KLR, Stanaford
v. Genovese et al.).  The action alleged violations of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and rules thereunder
relating to anomalous trading activity and fluctuations in the Company s share price from August through October 2012. 

On December 8, 2014, without in any way acknowledging
any fault or liability, the Company reached a settlement in principle, providing for a payment of $1 million cash, to be paid
by the Company's D O insurance carriers.  On August 17, 2015, with no admission of fault or liability by the Liberty
Silver Parties, the Court approved the settlement class and fully and finally dismissed with prejudice all claims against Liberty
Silver, Geoffrey Browne, and William Tafuri in the litigation.  Although defendants continue to deny plaintiffs' allegations,
the Company believed it was in the best interests of its stockholders to focus its attention on its business and put the matter
behind it. 

The Company is currently a party to litigation,
which it initiated against Liberty International Underwriters, Inc., the underwriter of its directors and officers liability insurance.
 The case is captioned:  Liberty Silver Corp. v. Liberty International Underwriters, Court File No. CV-15-529239, filed
on May 29, 2015, in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice.   In the legal action, the Company is seeking payment of
legal fees incurred in connection with SEC and OSC cease trade orders. 

Neither the Company nor its property is the
subject of any other pending legal proceedings, and no other such proceeding is known to be contemplated by any governmental authority.
The Company is not aware of any other legal proceedings in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner
of record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities, or any associate of any such director, officer,
affiliate or security holder of the Company, is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest
adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS.  

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS.  

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

The recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( the Act ) requires the operators of mines to include in each periodic report
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission certain specified disclosures regarding the Company s history of mine
safety. The Company is currently in the exploration phase and does not operate mines at any of its properties, and as such is
not subject to disclosure requirements regarding mine safety that were imposed by the Act. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.  

On October 6, 2016 Mr. Timothy N. Unwin, Mr.
Manish Z. Kshatriya and Mr. Eric R. Klein resigned as directors of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Howard Crosby, Mr. John
Ryan and Mr. Bruce Reid were appointed as directors of the Company. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.  

(a)       The
following exhibits are filed herewith: 

101.       CAL XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.       LAB XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.       PRE XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.       DEF XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

By: /s/ Howard Crosby 

 Howard Crosby, President and
Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 14, 2016 

By: /s/ Howard Crosby 

 Howard Crosby, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary 

Date: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lbsv10q111116ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Howard Crosby, certify that: 

1.        
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Liberty Silver Corp.; 

2.        
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.        
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.        
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a+15(e) and 15d+15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a+15(f) and 15d+15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.        
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lbsv10q111116ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Howard Crosby, certify that: 

 1.        
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Liberty Silver Corp.; 

2.        
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.        
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.        
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a+15(e) and 15d+15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a+15(f) and 15d+15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.        
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lbsv10q111116ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification of the Principal
Executive Officer   

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002   

In connection with the quarterly report of Liberty Silver Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the interim period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Howard
Crosby, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Howard Crosby 
Chief Executive Officer 

 Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lbsv10q111116ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification of the Principal Accounting
Officer   

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002   

In connection with the quarterly report of Liberty Silver Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the interim period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Howard
Crosby, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Howard Crosby 
Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fil-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fil-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fil-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fil-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fil-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fil-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

