<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1662972_0001193125-16-767517_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1746528</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535892</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107181</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>426832</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>345521</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>241713</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767517.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114140619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767517
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				810696966
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-213043
		FILM NUMBER:		161993532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-583-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Royal Blue Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767517.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d464593d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                           
  Commission File Number: 333-213043        

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)        

Maryland  
   
  81-0696966   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    345 Park Avenue   
  New York, New York 10154   
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)   
  (212) 583-5000   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of the Registrant s outstanding shares
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as of November 14, 2016 was 20,000, all of which were Class I shares.      

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I.   
   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
   
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31,
2016   

1 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

2 

ITEM 2.  
   
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
 OF OPERATIONS   

6 

ITEM 3.  
   
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

10 

ITEM 4.  
   
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

11 

PART II.   
   
     OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
   
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

12 

ITEM 1A.  
   
    RISK FACTORS   

12 

ITEM 2.  
   
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS   

12 

ITEM 3.  
   
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

12 

ITEM 4.  
   
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

12 

ITEM 5.  
   
    OTHER INFORMATION   

12 

ITEM 6.  
   
    EXHIBITS   

13 

SIGNATURES    

15 

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust,
Inc.      Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

     Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)      1. Organization and
Business Purpose     Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the  Company ) was formed on November 16, 2015 as a Maryland corporation
and intends to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company is the sole general partner of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ( BREIT OP ).
BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C. (the  Special Limited Partner ), a wholly owned subsidiary of The Blackstone Group L.P. (together with its affiliates  Blackstone ), owns a special limited partner interest in BREIT OP. The
Company was organized to invest primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States and to a lesser extent, invest in real estate-related securities. Substantially all of the Company s business will be conducted
through BREIT OP, which as of September 30, 2016 had not commenced its principal operations. The Company and BREIT OP are externally managed by BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the  Adviser ), an affiliate of Blackstone.  
 The Company had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any investments. The Adviser had not identified any real estate or real estate-related
investments in which it is probable that the Company will invest.     2. Capitalization   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had authority to issue 2,100,000,000 shares, consisting of the following:  
   
   The Company has registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) an offering of up to
$5,000,000,000 in shares of common stock, consisting of up to $4,000,000,000 in shares in its primary offering and up to $1,000,000,000 in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the  Offering ). The Company intends to sell
any combination of four classes of shares of its common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and
ongoing stockholder servicing fees. Until the release of proceeds from escrow, the per share purchase price for shares of the Company s common stock in its primary offering will be $10.00 per share plus applicable upfront selling commissions
and dealer manager fees. Thereafter, the purchase price per share for each class of common stock will vary and will generally equal the Company s prior month s net asset value ( NAV ) per share, as calculated monthly, plus
applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees.    On March 2, 2016, the Company was capitalized with a $200,000 investment by the
Adviser in exchange for 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock. On August 15, 2016, the Company amended its charter and the 20,000 shares of common stock held by the Adviser were converted into 20,000 shares of Class I common stock.
    3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Separate consolidated statements of income, changes in equity, and cash flows have not been presented in the financial statements because the principal operations have not commenced.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. The consolidated financial statements, including the notes
thereto, are unaudited and exclude some of the disclosures required in audited financial statements. Management believes it has made all necessary adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring items, so that the consolidated financial statements
are presented fairly and that estimates made in preparing its consolidated financial statement are reasonable and prudent. The accompanying unaudited consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statement as of March 31, 2016 included in the Company s Prospectus filed with the SEC on October 17, 2016.    The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
balance sheet. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash and cash equivalents represent cash held in banks, cash on hand, and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company may
have bank balances in excess of federally insured amounts; however, the Company deposits its cash and cash equivalents with high credit-quality institutions to minimize credit risk exposure. The Company did not hold cash equivalents as of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.     Income Taxes   
 The Company intends to make an election to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with its taxable year
ending December 31 for the year in which the proceeds from escrow are released. If the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes 90% of its
taxable income to its stockholders. REITs are subject to a number of other organizational and operational requirements. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and
property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income.     Organizational and Offering Expenses   
 The Adviser has agreed to advance organizational and offering expenses on behalf of the Company (including legal, accounting, and other expenses attributable
to the Company s organization, but excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through the first anniversary of the date on which escrow for the Offering is released. The Company will reimburse the
Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over a 60 month period following the first anniversary of the date the escrow for the Offering is released.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred organizational and offering expenses on the Company s
behalf of approximately $6.0 million and $2.2 million, respectively. These organizational and offering expenses are not recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet because such costs are not the Company s liability until the date
the escrow for the Offering is released. When recorded by the Company, organizational expenses will be expensed as incurred, and offering expenses will be charged to stockholders  equity as such amounts will be reimbursed to the Adviser or its
affiliates from the gross proceeds of the Offering. Any amount due to the Adviser but not paid will be recognized as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet.  
  Distribution Reinvestment Plan     The Company has adopted a
distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders (other than Maine, Maryland, New Jersey and Ohio investors) will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock unless they elect to receive their
distributions in cash. Maine, Maryland, New Jersey and Ohio investors will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock. The
per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the offering price before upfront selling commissions  
      3  

Table of Contents  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  and dealer manager fees (the  transaction price ) at the time the distribution is payable, which
will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share for that share class. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan.
The stockholder servicing fees with respect to shares of the Company s Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable
with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the distribution reinvestment plan.  
  Share Repurchases     The Company has adopted a share
repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The Company may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at
the end of any particular month, in its discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of Class T, Class S, Class D, and Class I shares will be limited to 2% of the aggregate NAV per
month and 5% of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. Shares would be repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any early repurchase deduction. Shares that have not been outstanding for at
least one year will be repurchased at 95% of the transaction price. Due to the illiquid nature of investments in real estate, the Company may not have sufficient liquid resources to fund repurchase requests and has established limitations on the
amount of funds the Company may use for repurchases during any calendar month and quarter. Further, the Company s board of directors may modify, suspend or terminate the share repurchase plan.  
  4. Related Party Transactions     Pursuant to the advisory
agreement between the Company and the Adviser, the Adviser is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Company s investment opportunities and making decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of
the Company s assets, in accordance with the Company s investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by the Company s board of directors.  
 Certain affiliates of the Company, including the Adviser, will receive fees and compensation in connection with the ongoing management of the assets of the
Company. The Adviser will be paid a management fee equal to 1.25% of NAV per annum, payable monthly. The management fee will be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, shares of common stock, or BREIT OP units. The Adviser has agreed to waive
its management fee for the first six months following the date the escrow for the Offering is released.    The Special Limited Partner will hold a
performance participation interest in the BREIT OP that entitles it to receive an allocation from BREIT OP equal to 12.5% of the annual Total Return, subject to a 5% annual Hurdle Amount and a High Water Mark, with a Catch-Up (each term as defined
in the BREIT OP limited partnership agreement). Such allocation will be made annually and accrue monthly.    In addition, Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.
(the  Dealer Manager ) will serve as the dealer manager for the Offering. The Dealer Manager is a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Adviser. The Company entered into an agreement (the  Dealer Manager Agreement ) with
the Dealer Manager in connection with the Offering. Subject to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Company s obligations to pay stockholder servicing fees with respect to the Class T, Class S and Class D shares distributed in the
Offering shall survive until such shares are no longer outstanding (including because such shares converted into Class I shares).  
      4  

Table of Contents  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions of up to 3.0%, and dealer manager fees of 0.5%,
of the transaction price of each Class T share sold in the primary offering. The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions of up to 3.5% of the transaction price of each Class S share sold in the primary offering. The Dealer Manager
also receives a stockholder servicing fee of 0.85%, 0.85% and 0.25% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares, respectively. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements
with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Offering, which provide, among other things, for the reallowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees to such selected dealers. The
Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class T share, Class S share or Class D share sold in the primary offering at the end of the month in which the total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and
stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to such share would exceed 8.75% of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share. The Company will accrue the cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time each Class T, Class S
and Class D share is sold during the primary offering. There will not be a stockholder servicing fee with respect to Class I shares.    The Company may
retain certain of the Adviser s affiliates for services relating to the Company s investments or its operations, including any administrative services, construction, special servicing, leasing, development, property oversight and other
property management services, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, group purchasing, healthcare, consulting/brokerage, capital markets/credit origination, loan servicing, property, title and/or other types of insurance, management
consulting and other similar operational matters. Any such arrangements will be at market terms and rates. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company has not retained an affiliate of the Adviser for any such services.  
  5. Economic Dependency     The Company will be dependent on
the Adviser and its affiliates for certain services that are essential to it, including the sale of the Company s shares of common stock, acquisition and disposition decisions, and certain other responsibilities. In the event that the Adviser
and its affiliates are unable or unwilling to provide such services, the Company would be required to find alternative service providers.     6.
Commitments and Contingencies     As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company is not subject to any material litigation nor is the
Company aware of any material litigation threatened against it.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  References herein to  Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust,   BREIT,   Company,   we,   us,  or
 our  refer to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise.      The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains
forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result
of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed under  Risk Factors  in our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-213043) and elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. We do not undertake to revise
or update any forward-looking statements.      Forward-Looking Statements   
 This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about our business, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. You can
generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe, 
 continue  or other similar words. These statements include our plans and objectives for future operations, including plans and objectives relating to future growth and availability of funds, and are based on current expectations that
involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to these statements involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or
impossible to accurately predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, and the forward-looking statements themselves, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be
inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate and our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from that expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans,
which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved.     Overview   
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on November 16, 2015. We were formed to invest primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the
United States. We are an externally advised, perpetual-life real estate investment trust ( REIT ) formed to directly and indirectly acquire real estate and real estate-related assets. Our investment objectives are to invest in assets that
will enable us to:      

provide current income in the form of regular, stable cash distributions to achieve an attractive dividend yield;        

preserve and protect invested capital;        

realize appreciation in net asset value from proactive investment management and asset management; and        

provide an investment alternative for stockholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to commercial real estate with lower volatility than public real estate companies.
     We cannot assure you that we will achieve our investment objectives.  
 Our investments in primarily stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the United States will focus on a range of asset types. These may include
multifamily, retail assets, office, hotel, and industrial, as well as others, including, without limitation, healthcare, student housing, senior living, data centers, manufactured housing and storage properties. To a lesser extent, we also plan to
invest in real estate-related securities to provide a source of liquidity for our share repurchase plan, cash management and other purposes.    We intend to
qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We plan to own all or substantially all of our assets through the BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. ( BREIT OP ), a Delaware limited partnership of which we are the general partner.  
 Our board of directors will at all times have ultimate oversight and policy-making authority over us, including responsibility for governance, financial
controls, compliance and disclosure. However, pursuant to the advisory  
      6  

Table of Contents  

agreement between us and BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the  Adviser ), we have delegated to the Adviser the authority to source, evaluate and monitor our investment opportunities and make
decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of our assets, in accordance with our investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by our board of directors.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues. Our entire activity since inception to September 30,
2016 was to prepare for our proposed fundraising through our initial public offering of our common stock. The Company has registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) an offering of up to $5,000,000,000 in shares of
common stock, consisting of up to $4,000,000,000 in shares in our primary offering and up to $1,000,000,000 in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the  Offering ).  
 After we have received purchase orders for at least $150,000,000 (excluding shares purchased by The Blackstone Group L.P. (together with its affiliates
 Blackstone ) and our directors and officers), in any combination of purchases of Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares of our common stock, and our board of directors has authorized the release of such funds to us from escrow, we
intend to contribute the net proceeds from the Offering which are not used or retained to pay the fees and expenses attributable to our operations to the Operating Partnership in respect of a corresponding number of Class T, Class S, Class D and
Class I units. The Operating Partnership will use the net proceeds received from us to make investments in accordance with our investment strategy and policies.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we have not entered into any arrangements to acquire any properties or real estate-related securities with the net proceeds
from the Offering. The number and type of properties or real estate-related securities that we acquire will depend upon real estate market conditions, the amount of proceeds we raise in the Offering and other circumstances existing at the time we
are acquiring such assets. We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on
either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from acquiring properties or real estate-related securities, other than those referred to in the latest prospectus for the Offering (File No. 333-213043).  
  Results of Operations     As of September 30, 2016, we
were in our organizational period and had not commenced our principal operations.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our primary needs for liquidity and capital resources are to fund our investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our
common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering costs, operating fees and expenses and to pay interest on any outstanding indebtedness we may incur. We anticipate our offering and operating fees and expenses will include,
among other things, the management fee we will pay to the Adviser, the performance participation allocation that the Operating Partnership will pay to BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C., an affiliate of the Adviser, stockholder servicing fees,
legal, audit and valuation expenses, federal and state filing fees, printing expenses, administrative fees, transfer agent fees, marketing and distribution expenses and fees related to acquiring, financing, appraising and managing our properties. We
do not have any office or personnel expenses as we do not have any employees.    We will reimburse the Adviser for certain out-of-pocket expenses in
connection with our operations. The Adviser has agreed to advance all of our organizational and offering expenses on our behalf (other than upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees) through the first anniversary of the date on
which we break escrow for the Offering. We will reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following the first anniversary of the date on which we break escrow for the Offering. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, the Adviser had incurred approximately $6.0 million and $2.2 million, respectively, of organizational and offering expenses on our behalf.  
 We intend to elect to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, beginning with our taxable year
ending December 31 of the year in which the escrow period concludes. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to, among other things, distribute as dividends at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without
regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Over time, we generally intend to fund our cash needs for items other than asset acquisitions from operations.
Our cash needs for acquisitions will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and through the assumption or incurrence of debt.  
 Although we have not received any commitments from lenders to fund a line of credit, we may decide to obtain a line of credit to fund acquisitions, to
repurchase shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan and for any other corporate purpose. If we decide to obtain a line of credit, we would expect that it would afford us borrowing availability to fund repurchases. As our assets increase,
however, it may not be commercially feasible or we may not be able to secure an adequate line of credit to fund share repurchases. Moreover, actual availability may be reduced at any given time if we use borrowings under the line of credit to fund
share repurchases or for other corporate purposes.    Other potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other
lenders and proceeds from the sale of assets. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. We have not yet identified any sources for these types of financings.  
  Cash Flows     On March 2, 2016, the Company was
capitalized with a $200,000 investment by the Adviser. There have been no other cash flows from inception through September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we had not declared or paid any distributions.  
  Critical Accounting Policies     Below is a discussion of
the accounting policies that management believes will be critical once we commence operations. We consider these policies critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently
uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our accounting policies have been established to conform with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ).
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to use judgments in the application of such policies. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be
reported in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses.  
   Principles of Consolidation and Variable Interest Entities    
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board has recently issued guidance that clarifies the methodology for determining whether an entity is a variable interest
entity ( VIE ), and the methodology for assessing who is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. VIEs are defined as entities in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient
equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. A VIE is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary, and only by its primary beneficiary, which is defined as
the party with both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be
significant to the VIE.    There are judgments and estimates involved in determining if an entity in which we will make an investment will be a VIE and if
so, if we will be the primary beneficiary. The entity will be evaluated to determine if it is a VIE by, among other things, calculating the percentage of equity being risked compared to the total equity of the entity. The minimum equity at risk
percentage can vary depending upon the industry or the type of operations of the entity and it will be up to us to determine that minimum percentage as it relates to our business and the facts surrounding each of our acquisitions. In addition, even
if the entity s equity at risk is a very low percentage, we will be required to evaluate the equity at risk compared to the entity s expected future losses to determine if there could still in fact be sufficient equity at the entity.
Determining expected future losses involves assumptions of various possibilities of the results of future operations of the entity, assigning a probability to each possibility and using a discount rate to determine the net present value of those
future losses. A change in the judgments, assumptions and estimates outlined above could result in consolidating an entity that had not been previously consolidated or accounting for an investment on the equity method that had been previously
consolidated, the effects of which could be material to our results of operations and financial condition.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

    Real Estate Joint Ventures and Partnerships    
 To determine the method of accounting for partially owned real estate joint ventures and partnerships, management evaluates the characteristics of associated
entities and determines whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, determines if we are the primary beneficiary by analyzing whether we have both the power to direct the entity s significant economic activities and the obligation to absorb
potentially significant losses or receive potentially significant benefits. Significant judgments and assumptions inherent in this analysis include the design of the entity structure, the nature of the entity s operations, future cash flow
projections, the entity s financing and capital structure, and contractual relationships and terms. We consolidate a VIE when we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary.  
 Primary risks associated with our VIEs include the potential funding of the entities  debt obligations or making additional contributions to fund the
entities  operations.    Partially owned, non-variable interest real estate joint ventures and partnerships over which we have a controlling financial
interest are consolidated in our consolidated financial statements. In determining if we have a controlling financial interest, we consider factors such as ownership interest, authority to make decisions, kickout rights and substantive participating
rights. Partially owned real estate joint ventures and partnerships where we do not have a controlling financial interest, but have the ability to exercise significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method.  
 Management will analyze and assess reconsideration events, including changes in the factors mentioned above, to determine if a consolidation treatment remains
appropriate. Decisions regarding consolidation of partially owned entities frequently require significant judgment by our management. Errors in the assessment of consolidation could result in material changes to our consolidated financial
statements.      Investment Property and Lease Intangibles    
 Acquisitions of properties will be accounted for utilizing the acquisition method and, accordingly, the results of operations of acquired properties will be
included in our results of operations from their respective dates of acquisition. Estimates of future cash flows and other valuation techniques that we believe are similar to those used by independent appraisers will be used to record the purchase
of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed such as land, buildings and improvements, equipment and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities such as amounts related to in-place leases, acquired above- and below-market leases,
tenant relationships, asset retirement obligations and mortgage notes payable. Values of buildings and improvements will be determined on an as-if-vacant basis. Initial valuations may be subject to change until such information is finalized, no
later than 12 months from the acquisition date.    The estimated fair value of acquired in-place leases will be the costs we would have incurred to lease
the properties to the occupancy level of the properties at the date of acquisition. Such estimates include the fair value of leasing commissions, legal costs and other direct costs that would be incurred to lease the properties to such occupancy
levels. Additionally, we will evaluate the time period over which such occupancy levels would be achieved. Such evaluation will include an estimate of the net market-based rental revenues and net operating costs (primarily consisting of real estate
taxes, insurance and utilities) that would be incurred during the lease-up period. Acquired in-place leases as of the date of acquisition will be amortized over the remaining lease terms.  
 Acquired above- and below-market lease values will be recorded based on the present value (using an interest rate that reflects the risks associated with the
lease acquired) of the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and management s estimate of fair market value lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases. The capitalized above- and
below-market lease values will be amortized as adjustments to rental revenue over the remaining terms of the respective leases, which include periods covered by bargain renewal options. Should a tenant terminate its lease, the unamortized portion of
the in-place lease value will be charged to amortization expense and the unamortized portion of out-of-market lease value will be charged to rental revenue.  
   Value of Real Estate Portfolio      We will review our
real estate portfolio to ascertain if there are any indicators of impairment in the value of any of our real estate assets, including deferred costs and intangibles, in order to determine if there is any need for an impairment charge. In reviewing
the portfolio, we will examine the type of asset, the economic situation in the area in which the asset is located, the economic situation in the industry in which the tenant is involved and the timeliness of the payments made by the tenant under
its lease, as well as any current correspondence that may have been had  
      9  

Table of Contents  

with the tenant, including property inspection reports. For each real estate asset owned for which indicators of impairment exist, if the undiscounted cash flow analysis yields an amount which is
less than the assets  carrying amount, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the estimated fair value is lower than the asset s carrying amount. The estimated fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow model of
the expected future cash flows through the useful life of the property. Real estate assets that are expected to be disposed of are valued at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell on an individual asset basis. Any impairment
charge taken with respect to any part of our real estate portfolio will reduce our earnings and assets to the extent of the amount of any impairment charge, but it will not affect our cash flow or our distributions until such time as we dispose of
the property.      Revenue Recognition      Our
revenues, which we expect will be substantially derived from rental income, will include rental income that our tenants pay in accordance with the terms of their respective leases reported on a straight line basis over the initial lease term of each
lease. Since we expect many of our leases will provide for rental increases at specified intervals, straight line basis accounting requires us to record as an asset and include in revenues unbilled rent receivables, which we will only receive if the
tenant makes all rent payments required through expiration of the initial term of the lease. Accordingly, management must determine, in its judgment, that the unbilled rent receivable applicable to each specific tenant is collectible. We will review
unbilled rent receivables and take into consideration the tenant s payment history and the financial condition of the tenant. In the event that the collectability of an unbilled rent receivable is in doubt, we will be required to take a reserve
against the receivable or a direct write-off of the receivable, which will have an adverse effect on earnings for the year in which the reserve or direct write-off is taken.  
 Rental revenue will also include amortization of above- and below-market leases. Revenues relating to lease termination fees will be recognized at the time
that a tenant s right to occupy the leased space is terminated.      Income Taxes    
 As a REIT, we will not be subject to federal income tax with respect to the portion of our income that meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to
stockholders. We intend to operate in a manner that allows us to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially
impact our REIT status. If we were to fail to meet these requirements, we could be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions paid to stockholders in any year in which
it fails to qualify as a REIT. We would also be disqualified for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless we were entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We currently have no
off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We had no significant operations as of
September 30, 2016. When we commence operations, we expect that our primary market risk exposure will be interest rate risk with respect to our indebtedness and credit risk and market risk with respect to use of derivative financial
instruments. As of September 30, 2016, we had no indebtedness and did not use any derivative financial instruments.    We may be exposed to interest
rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds
needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek
to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Also, we
will be exposed to both credit risk and market risk.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair
value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We will seek to
minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties.    Market risk is the adverse effect on
the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be
undertaken. With regard to variable rate financing, we will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating
hedging opportunities. We will maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this
hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rule  13a-15(e)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and
(b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   
 There have been no changes in our  internal control over financial reporting  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during
the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in
the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2016, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       We have disclosed under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Registration Statement
on Form S-11 (File No. 333-213043), filed with the SEC, risk factors which materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed. You should
carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the Registration Statement and the other information set forth elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. You should be aware that these risk factors and other information may not describe every
risk facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
    On March 2, 2016, we issued 20,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, to the Adviser for an aggregate purchase price of $200,000
in connection with our formation. No sales commission or other consideration was paid in connection with the sale. The sale was consummated without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), in
reliance upon the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving any public offering.  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act.
    Use of Proceeds     On August 31, 2016, our
Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-213043), covering our public offering of up to $5 billion of common stock, was declared effective under the Securities Act. As of September 30, 2016, we had not received subscriptions for
our common stock sufficient to allow us to break escrow and, therefore, we had not received any proceeds from the Offering.      

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       Not applicable.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

1.1 
    
 Dealer Manager Agreement, by and between Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.  

3.1 
    
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2016
(file number 333-213043))  

3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2016 (file
number 333-213043))  

3.3 
    
 Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated October 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2016)  

4.1 
    
 Share Repurchase Plan  

4.2 
    
   Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on
Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2016 (file number 333-213043))   

10.1 
    
 Advisory Agreement, by and among Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., BREIT Operating Partnership, L.P. and BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.  

10.2 
    
 BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. Partnership Agreement, by and between Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C. and the limited partners party thereto from time to time.  

10.3 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C. and BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.  

10.4 
    
 Escrow Agreement, by and among Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. and UMB Bank, N.A.  

10.5 
    
 Trademark License Agreement, by and among Blackstone TM L.L.C., Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and BREIT Operating Partnership L.P.  

10.6 
    
 Valuation Services Agreement, by and among Altus Group U.S. Inc., Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and BREIT Operating Partnership L.P.  

10.7 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2016
(file number 333-213043))  

10.8 
    
 Form of Independent Directors Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on August 30, 2016 (file number 333-213043))  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1 + 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
      13  

Table of Contents  

32.2 + 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

+ 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section.
Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.      The agreements and other
documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In
particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they
were made or at any other time.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.  

November 14, 2016  

/s/ Frank Cohen   
 
 Date 

Frank Cohen  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 14, 2016  

/s/ Paul D. Quinlan   
 
 Date 

Paul D. Quinlan  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer and  

Principal Accounting Officer)  
 
      15  

<EX-1.1>
 2
 d464593dex11.htm
 EX-1.1

EX-1.1 

Exhibit 1.1   
  DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT     August 31,
2016    Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.    345 Park Avenue
   New York, NY 10154    This Dealer Manager
Agreement (this  Agreement ) is entered into by and between Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ) and Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. (the  Dealer Manager ).  
 The Company has filed one or more registration statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) that are
listed on  Schedule 1  to this Agreement (each, a  Registration Statement ), which  Schedule 1  may be amended from time to time with the written consent of the Company and the Dealer Manager. In this Agreement, unless explicitly
stated otherwise,  the Registration Statement  means, at any given time, each of the registration statements listed on  Schedule 1 , as such  Schedule 1  may be amended from time to time, as each such registration statement is
finally amended and revised at the effective date of the registration statement (including at the effective date of any post-effective amendment thereto).  
 Each Registration Statement shall register an ongoing offering (each, an  Offering ) of the Company s common stock, $0.01 par
value per share ( Common Stock ), which may consist of Class T, Class S, Class D and/or Class I shares of Common Stock (the  Shares ). In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise,  the Offering  means each
Offering covered by a Registration Statement and  Shares  means the Shares being offered in the Offering.    The Offering is and
shall be comprised of a maximum amount of Shares set forth in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 1.a. below) that will be issued and sold to the public at the public offering prices per Share set forth in the Prospectus pursuant to a primary
offering (the  Primary Shares ) and the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP Shares ). In connection with the Offering, the minimum purchase by any one person shall be as set forth in the Prospectus (except as
otherwise indicated in any letter or memorandum from the Company to the Dealer Manager).    In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated
otherwise, any references to the Registration Statement, the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus with respect to each other shall mean only those that are all related to the same Registration Statement.  
 The Company is offering to the public four classes of Shares, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares. The
differences between the classes of Shares and the eligibility requirements for each class are described in detail in the Prospectus. The Shares are to be offered and sold to the public as described under the caption  Plan of Distribution 
in the Prospectus. Except as otherwise agreed by the Company and the Dealer Manager, Shares sold through the Dealer Manager are to be sold through the Dealer Manager, as the dealer manager, and the broker-dealers (each a  Dealer  and
collectively, the  Dealers ) with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected dealer agreement related to the distribution of Shares substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit  A 
or such other form as approved by the Company (each a  Selected Dealer Agreement ) at a purchase price generally equal to the Company s prior month s net asset value ( NAV ) per share applicable to the class of Shares
being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Prospectus), or at a different offering price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share
since the end of the prior month, plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Prospectus. For stockholders who participate in the
Company s distribution reinvestment plan, the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each stockholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to
stockholders of the Company at a purchase price equal to the Primary Share offering price per share before any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees (the  transaction price ) of the applicable class of Shares on the date
that the distribution is payable.  

Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Prospectus. Now, therefore, the
Company hereby agrees with the Dealer Manager as follows:    1.  Representations and Warranties of the Company : The Company represents
and warrants to the Dealer Manager and each Dealer participating in an Offering, with respect to such Offering, as applicable, that:  
 a. A Registration Statement with respect to the Shares has been prepared by the Company in accordance with applicable
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the applicable rules and regulations (the  Rules and Regulations ) of the SEC promulgated thereunder, covering the Shares. Copies of such
Registration Statement and each amendment thereto have been or will be delivered to the Dealer Manager. The prospectus contained therein, as finally amended and revised at the effective date of the Registration Statement (including at the effective
date of any post-effective amendment thereto), is hereinafter referred to as the  Prospectus,  except that if the prospectus or prospectus supplement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act shall differ
from the Prospectus on file at the Effective Date, the term  Prospectus  shall also include such prospectus or prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b).  Effective Date  means the applicable date upon which the
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto is or was first declared effective by the SEC.  Filing Date  means the applicable date upon which the initial Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed with
the SEC.    b. The Company has been duly and validly organized and formed as a corporation under the laws of the state of
Maryland, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus.    c. As of the Effective Date
or Filing Date, as applicable, the Registration Statement and Prospectus complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the applicable Effective Date, does
not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus as of the applicable Filing
Date, does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.c. will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or Prospectus as are primarily within the knowledge of the
Dealer Manager or any of the Dealers and are based upon information furnished by the Dealer Manager in writing to the Company specifically for inclusion therein.  
 d. The Company intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Prospectus.  
 e. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the
execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares, except such as may be required under the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
( FINRA ) or applicable state securities laws.    f. Unless otherwise described in the Registration Statement and
Prospectus, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other
governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Company.  
 g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with
the terms of this Agreement by the Company will not conflict with or constitute a default under any charter, by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental
instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under
applicable securities laws.    h. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws.  
 i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as
contemplated by the Prospectus and the Company s charter, as amended and supplemented, and upon payment therefor as provided by the Prospectus and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the
description thereof contained in the Prospectus.  

j. The Company has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax
returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and all assessments received by the Company
to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Company is contesting such assessments in good faith.  
 k. The financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the financial
position of the Company as of the date indicated and the results of its operations for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis.
   l. The Company does not intend to conduct its business so as to be an  investment company  as that term is
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.    m. Any and all printed sales literature or other materials which have been approved in
advance in writing by the Company and appropriate regulatory agencies for use in the Offering ( Authorized Sales Materials ) prepared by the Company and any of its affiliates (excluding the Dealer Manager) specifically for use with
potential investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Prospectus, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a
material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Prospectus, not misleading. If at any time any event occurs which is known to the Company as a result of which such Authorized Sales Materials when used in conjunction with the
Prospectus would include an untrue statement of a material fact or, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, the Company will notify the Dealer
Manager thereof.    2.  Covenants of the Company.  The Company covenants and agrees with the Dealer Manager that:  
 a. It will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies of the
Registration Statement, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. It will similarly furnish to the Dealer Manager and others designated by the Dealer Manager as many copies of the following
documents as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request: (a) the Prospectus in preliminary and final form and every form of supplemental or amended prospectus; (b) this Agreement; and (c) any other Authorized Sales Materials (provided
that the use of said Authorized Sales Materials has been first approved for use by all appropriate regulatory agencies).  
 b. It will furnish such proper information and execute and file such documents as may be necessary for the Company to qualify
the Shares for offer and sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Dealer Manager may reasonably designate and will file and make in each year such statements and reports as may be required. The Company will furnish to the Dealer
Manager upon request a copy of such papers filed by the Company in connection with any such qualification.    c. It will:
(a) use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective; (b) furnish copies of any proposed amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or Prospectus to the Dealer Manager; (c) file every amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that may be required by the SEC; and (d) if at any time the SEC shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, it will promptly notify the
Dealer Manager and, to the extent the Company determines such action is in the best interests of the Company, use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting of such order.  
 d. If at any time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act any event occurs as a result of which,
in the opinion of either the Company or the Dealer Manager, the Prospectus would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in view of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Dealer Manager) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemental Prospectus which will
correct such statement or omission. The Company will then promptly prepare such amended or supplemental Prospectus or Prospectuses as may be necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.  
 e. It will disclose a per share estimated value of the Shares and related information in accordance with the requirements of
FINRA Rule 2310(b)(5).    3.  Obligations and Compensation of Dealer Manager.   
 a. The Company hereby appoints the Dealer Manager as its agent and principal distributor for the purpose of selling for cash to
the public up to the maximum amount of Shares set forth in the Prospectus (subject to the Company s right of reallocation, as described in the Prospectus) through Dealers, all of whom shall be members of FINRA. The Dealer Manager

hereby accepts such agency and distributorship and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on said terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus with respect to each Offering and any
additional terms or conditions specified in  Schedule 2  to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. The Dealer Manager represents to the Company that it is a member in good standing of FINRA and that it and its employees and
representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. With respect to the Dealer Manager s participation in the distribution of the Shares in the Offering, the Dealer Manager agrees to comply in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Rules and Regulations, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other state or
federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares, all applicable state securities or blue sky laws and regulations, and the rules of FINRA applicable to the Offering, from time to time in effect, including,
without limitation, FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, 2310, 5110 and 5141.    b. Promptly after the initial Effective Date of the
Registration Statement, the Dealer Manager and the Dealers shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash to the public in jurisdictions in which the Shares are registered or qualified for sale or in which such offering is
otherwise permitted. The Dealer Manager and the Dealers will immediately suspend or terminate offering of the Shares upon request of the Company at any time and will resume offering the Shares upon subsequent request of the Company.  
 c. Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under
the caption  Plan of Distribution  in the Prospectus, which may be amended and restated from time to time, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in connection with sales of Class T Primary Shares and Class S
Primary Shares, as described in  Schedule 2  to this Agreement. The applicable selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of
Class T Primary Shares and Class S Primary Shares and all or a portion of the selling commissions may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class T Primary Shares or Class S Primary Shares giving rise to such selling
commissions, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer.    d. Subject to
volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the caption  Plan of Distribution  in the Prospectus, which may be amended and restated from time to time, the Company will pay
to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in connection with sales of Class T Primary Shares, as described in  Section 2  to this Agreement. The applicable dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially
concurrently with the execution by the Company of orders submitted by purchasers of Class T Primary Shares and all or a portion of the dealer manager fees may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Dealers who sold the Class T Primary Shares
giving rise to such dealer manager fees, as described more fully in the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Dealer.  
 e. Except as may be provided in the  Plan of Distribution  section of the Prospectus, which may be amended and
restated from time to time, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3.f. below, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a stockholder servicing fee with respect to sales of Class T, Class S and Class D shares as described in
 Schedule 2  to this Agreement (the  Servicing Fee ). The Company will pay the Servicing Fee to the Dealer Manager monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Servicing Fee to any Dealers who sold the
Class T, Class S or Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of such Servicing Fee to the extent the Selected Dealer Agreement with such Dealer provides for such a reallowance and such Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such Selected Dealer
Agreement related to such reallowance; provided, however, that upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Dealer who sold the Class T, Class S or Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of the Servicing Fee is no longer the
broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class T, Class S or Class D Shares or that the Dealer no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Selected Dealer Agreement for the receipt of the Servicing Fee, then Dealer s entitlement
to the Servicing Fees related to such Class T, Class S and/or Class D shares, as applicable, shall cease, and Dealer shall not receive the Servicing Fee for any portion of the quarter in which Dealer is not eligible on the last day of the quarter;
provided, however, if there is a change in the broker-dealer of record with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D shares, as applicable, made in connection with a change in the registration of record for the Class T, Class S or Class D shares
on the Company s books and records (including, but not limited to, a reregistration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Dealer shall be entitled to a pro rata portion of the Servicing Fees
related to the Class T, Class S and/or Class D shares, as applicable, for the portion of the quarter for which the Dealer was the broker-dealer of record.  
 Thereafter, such Servicing Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class T, Class S and/or
Class D shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the  Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager
( Servicing Agreement ), such Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance.
In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Dealer is not entitled to any Servicing Fee with respect to Class I shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the
Servicing Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant  

to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such
agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement.    f. The Dealer Manager
shall cease receiving the Servicing Fee with respect to any Class T, Class S share or Class D share purchased in the Primary Offering at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total
selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees paid with respect to such share would exceed 8.75% of the gross proceeds from the sale of such primary share (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under the DRIP with respect
thereto). At the end of such month, such Class T, Class S share or Class D share (and any shares issued under the DRIP with respect thereto) will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate
NAV as such share. In addition, the Dealer Manager will cease receiving the Servicing Fee on Class T, Class S shares and Class D shares in connection with an Offering (i.e., pursuant to the Registration Statement for such Offering) upon the earlier
to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or
(iii) the date following the completion of such Offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with such Offering, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, the Servicing Fee and other
underwriting compensation, is equal to ten percent (10%) of the gross proceeds from Primary Shares sold in such Offering, as determined in good faith by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, the portion of
the Servicing Fee accruing with respect to Class T, Class S and Class D shares of the Company s common stock issued (publicly or privately) by the Company during the term of a particular Offering, and not issued pursuant to a prior Offering,
shall be underwriting compensation with respect to such particular Offering and not with respect to any other Offering.    g.
The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Servicing Fee shall be set forth in the Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Dealers or Servicing Dealers, as applicable. The Company
will not be liable or responsible to any Dealer or Servicing Dealer for direct payment of commissions, or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Servicing Fee to such Dealer or Servicing Dealer, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility
of the Dealer Manager for payment of commissions or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Servicing Fee to Dealers and Servicing Dealers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Company, the Company may act as agent of the
Dealer Manager by making direct payment of commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fees to Dealers on behalf of the Dealer Manager without incurring any liability.  
 h. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 3, the Company and/or BX REIT
Advisors L.L.C. (the  Advisor ) shall reimburse the Dealer Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Prospectus, to the extent the Prospectus indicates that they will be paid by the Company or the Advisor, as
applicable, and to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA.    i. In addition to
reimbursement as provided under Section 3.h, and subject to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA, the Company shall also pay directly or reimburse the Dealer Manager for reasonable  bona fide  due diligence expenses incurred by any
Dealer as described in the Prospectus. The Dealer Manager shall obtain from any Dealer and provide to the Company a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no
payments or reimbursements made by the Company with respect to a particular Offering hereunder shall cause total organization and offering expenses, defined under NASAA Guidelines (as defined in Section 4.a. below) and FINRA rules, to exceed
15% of gross proceeds from such Offering.    j. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Company and each person and
firm that signs the Registration Statement that the information under the caption  Plan of Distribution  in the Prospectus and all other information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the
Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading.    k. The Dealer Manager and all Dealers will offer and sell the Shares at the public
offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Prospectus.    4.  Indemnification .  
 a. To the extent permitted by the Company s charter and the provisions of Article II.G of the Statement of Policy
Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts of the North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. (the  NASAA Guidelines ), and subject to the limitations below, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Dealers and the
Dealer Manager, their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Dealer or Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the  Indemnified Persons ) from and against any losses, claims,
damages or liabilities ( Losses ), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are
based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective  

date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or (ii) in any blue sky application or other document executed by the Company or on its behalf
specifically for the purpose of qualifying any or all of the Shares for sale under the securities laws of any jurisdiction or based upon written information furnished by the Company under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document
or information being hereinafter called a  Blue Sky Application ) or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials, or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to
the effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company will reimburse the Dealer Manager and each Indemnified Person of the Dealer Manager for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the
Dealer Manager or such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating or defending such Loss.    Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 4.a., the Company may not indemnify or hold harmless the Dealer Manager, any Dealer or any of their affiliates in any manner that would be inconsistent with the provisions to Article II.G of the NASAA Guidelines. In
particular, but without limitation, the Company may not indemnify or hold harmless the Dealer Manager, any Dealer or any of their affiliates for liabilities arising from or out of a violation of state or federal securities laws, unless one or more
of the following conditions are met:    (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving
alleged securities law violations;    (ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of
competent jurisdiction; or    (iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the
indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the Commission and of the published position of any state
securities regulatory authority in which the securities were offered as to indemnification for violations of securities laws.    Further
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Loss or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished (x) to the Company by the Dealer Manager or (y) to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of any Dealer specifically for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any
Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them, any Blue Sky Application or any Authorized Sales Materials, and, further, the Company will not be
liable for the portion of any Loss in any such case if it is determined that such Dealer or the Dealer Manager was at fault in connection with such portion of the Loss, expense or action.  
 The foregoing indemnity agreement of this Section 4.a. is subject to the further condition that, insofar as it relates to any untrue
statement or omission made in the Prospectus (or amendment or supplement thereto) that was eliminated or remedied in any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of an Indemnified Party from
whom the person asserting any Losses purchased the Shares that are the subject thereof, if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented was not sent or given to such person at or prior to the time the subscription of such person was
accepted by the Company, but only if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented had been supplied to the Dealer Manager or the Dealer prior to such acceptance.  
 b. The Dealer Manager will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers and directors (including any person named in
the Registration Statement, with his consent, as about to become a director), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
(the  Company Indemnified Persons ), from and against any Losses to which any of the Company Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials; or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary
Prospectus used prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the
effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials; or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved
by the Company or any use of  broker-dealer use only  materials with members of the public by the Dealer Manager in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a
legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of  

the public in such jurisdiction; or (d) any untrue statement made by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares; or (e) any material violation of this Agreement; or (f) any failure to comply with applicable laws
governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the  USA Patriot Act  or (g) any other failure to comply with
applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Dealer Manager will reimburse the aforesaid parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection
with investigating or defending such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Dealer Manager may otherwise have.  
 c. Each Dealer severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager, each of their officers and directors
(including any person named in the Registration Statement, with his consent, as about to become a director), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company or the Dealer Manager within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the  Dealer Indemnified Persons ) from and against any Losses to which a Dealer Indemnified Person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar
as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective
date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials; or (b) the omission to state in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon
and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of the Dealer specifically for use with reference to the Dealer in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any
Preliminary Prospectus used prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or supplement to any of them or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials; or (c) any use of
sales literature not authorized or approved by the Company or any use of  broker-dealer use only  materials with members of the public by the Dealer in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular
jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction; or (d) any untrue statement made by the Dealer or its representatives or agents
or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares; or (e) any material violation of this
Agreement or the Selected Dealer Agreement entered into between the Dealer Manager and the Dealer; or (f) any failure or alleged failure to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, laws governing privacy issues, money
laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act; or (g) any other failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities
laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each such Dealer will reimburse each Dealer Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss,
expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that such Dealer may otherwise have.    d.
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 4 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 4,
notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of an indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 4 as to the particular item
for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement
thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such
indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section 4.e.) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the
indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any
settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any indemnified party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected
without the consent of such indemnified party    e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the
indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of
the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against
more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the  

indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought; and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties are unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be
reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm
and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm.    f. The
indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Dealer, or any person controlling any Dealer or by or on behalf of the
Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Dealer Manager, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A
successor of any Dealer or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4.  
 5.  Survival of Provisions.   
 a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement
shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or any person controlling the Dealer Manager or any Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company or any
person controlling the Company, and (b) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares.    b. The respective agreements of
the Company and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections 3.c. through 3.i. and Sections 4 through 14 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement.  
 6.  Applicable Law.  This Agreement was executed and delivered in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed
by, the laws of the State of New York; provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in New York, New
York.    7.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and
delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement.    8.
 Successors and Amendment.     a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager
and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of the Dealers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 4 hereof.    b. This Agreement may be amended by the written
agreement of the Dealer Manager and the Company.    c.  Schedule 1  may be amended from time to time with the written
consent of the Company and the Dealer Manager. However, the addition or removal of Registration Statements from  Schedule 1  shall only apply prospectively and shall not affect the respective agreements, representations and warranties of the
Company and the Dealer Manager prior to such amendments to  Schedule 1 . For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that, upon the removal of a Registration Statement from  Schedule 1 , the representations, warranties
and covenants in Sections 1 and 2 shall no longer continue to be made with respect to the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement.  
 9.  Term and Termination.   
 Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days  written notice or immediately upon notice to the
other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, (a) the Company shall pay to the Dealer Manager all earned but unpaid compensation
and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled under Section 3 pursuant to the requirements of that Section 3 at such times as such amounts become payable pursuant to
the terms of such Section 3, offset by any losses suffered by the Company or any officer or director of the Company arising from the Dealer Manager s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an
indemnification claim against the Dealer Manager under Section 4.b. herein, and (b) the Dealer Manager shall promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering other than as required by
law to be retained by the Dealer Manager. Dealer Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company.  

10.  Confirmation . The Company hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf
and on behalf of Dealers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Company. Such confirmations will comply with the rules of the SEC and FINRA, and will comply with applicable laws of such other jurisdictions to the
extent the Company is advised of such laws in writing by the Dealer Manager.    11.  Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials . Dealer
Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Prospectus and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer Manager further
agrees (a) not to deliver any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or prospective investor, to any broker-dealer that has not entered into a Selected Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement, or to any representatives or other associated
persons of such a broker-dealer, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Prospectus as amended and supplemented, (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by
the Company and marked  dealer only  or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public and (c) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor
in a particular jurisdiction (and will similarly require Dealers pursuant to the Selected Dealer Agreement) any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in
connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will include requirements and obligations of the Dealers similar to those imposed upon the Dealer Manager pursuant to
this section.    12.  Suitability of Investors.  The Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will require that the Dealers
offer Shares only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Prospectus or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in
writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. In offering Shares, the Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will require that the Dealer comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and
regulations relating to suitability of investors, including, without limitation, the provisions of Article III.C. of the NASAA Guidelines. The Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Dealers, will require that the Dealers shall sell Class D
shares and Class I shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such shares as described in the Prospectus and only through those Dealers who are authorized to sell such shares. The Dealer Manager, in its agreements with the Dealers,
shall require the Dealers to maintain, for at least six years, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares.  
 13.  Submission of Orders.  The Dealer Manager will require in its agreements with each Dealer that each Dealer comply with the
submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement attached as Exhibit  A  to this Agreement. To the extent the Dealer Manager is involved in the distribution process other than through a Dealer, the Dealer
Manager will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription agreement in the form filed as an appendix to the Prospectus (a
 Subscription Agreement ) in the form provided by the Company to the Dealer Manager for use in connection with the Offering and to deliver to the Dealer Manager or as otherwise directed by the Dealer Manager such completed and executed
Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer ( instrument of payment ) in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Prospectus. Subscription Agreements
and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Dealer Manager to the escrow agent described in the Prospectus and Subscription Agreement for any Offering in which there is a minimum offering contingency described in the Prospectus
( Minimum Offering ) that has not yet been satisfied or, after any such Minimum Offering is satisfied or if no such Minimum Offering is applicable to an Offering, to the Company, as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the
second business day following receipt by the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Selected Dealer Agreement, the Dealer Manager
shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such
subscribers.  

14.  Notice . Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered
via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows:

If to the Dealer Manager: 
    
 Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.  

Attn: Douglas Krupa  

345 Park Avenue, 29 th  Floor 
 New York, New York 10154   

Email: douglas.krupa@blackstone.com  

With a copy to:  

Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.  

Attn: C.B. Richardson  

345 Park Avenue, 29 th  Floor 
 New York, New York 10154   

Email: cb.richardson@blackstone.com  

If to the Company: 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  

Attn: Chief Financial Officer  

345 Park Avenue, 42 nd  Floor 
 New York, New York 10154   

Email: paul.quinlan@blackstone.com  

With copies to:  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  

Attn: Judy Turchin  

345 Park Avenue, 42 nd  Floor 
 New York, New York 10154   

Email: judy.turchin@blackstone.com  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  

Attn: Leon Volchyok  

345 Park Avenue, 42 nd  Floor 
 New York, New York 10154   

Email: leon.volchyok@blackstone.com  

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof
in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written.  

Very truly yours,  

BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 President  

Accepted and agreed to as of the 
 date first above written:   

BLACKSTONE ADVISORY PARTNERS L.P.  

By: 
   
   /s/ C.B. Richardson   

Name: 
   
 C.B. Richardson  

Title: 
   
 Managing Director  

Schedule 1    
  Registration Statement(s)       

Schedule 2    
  Compensation       

I. 
  Selling Commissions        Subject to certain Dealers  right to retain selling commissions as described
in the Selected Dealer Agreement, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of (a) up to 3.0% of the transaction price per share of each sale of Class T Primary Shares, and (b) up to 3.5% of the
transaction price per share of each sale of Class S Primary Shares. The Company will not pay to the Dealer Manager any selling commissions in respect of the purchase of any Class D shares, Class I shares or DRIP Shares.  

II. 
  Dealer Manager Fees        The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in the amount of up
to 0.5% of the transaction price per share of each sale of Class T Primary Shares. The Company will not pay to the Dealer Manager any dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares or DRIP
Shares.      

III. 
  Servicing Fee        The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to outstanding
Class T shares that is paid monthly in an amount equal to 0.85% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class T shares, consisting of an advisor stockholder servicing fee of 0.65% per annum, and a dealer stockholder servicing fee
of 0.20% per annum, of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class T shares. The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to outstanding Class S shares and Class D shares that is paid monthly in an amount equal to
0.85% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class S shares and in an amount equal to 0.25% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D shares. The Company will not pay the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with
respect to Class I shares.  

</EX-1.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 d464593dex41.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

Exhibit 4.1   
  BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.   
 Class T, S, D and I Share Repurchase Plan  
 Effective as of August 31, 2016     Definitions
     Class D shares    shall mean the shares of the Company s common stock classified as Class D.  
  Class I shares    shall mean the shares of the Company s common stock classified as Class I.  
  Class S shares    shall mean the shares of the Company s common stock classified as Class S.  
  Class T shares    shall mean the shares of the Company s common stock classified as Class T.  
  Company    shall mean Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation.  
  Dealer Manager    shall mean Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P.  
  NAV    shall mean the net asset value of the Company or a class of its shares, as the context requires, determined in accordance with the
Company s valuation policies and procedures.     Operating Partnership    shall mean BREIT Operating Partnership L.P.  
  Operating Partnership units    shall mean limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership.  
  Special Limited Partner    shall mean BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C.  
  Stockholders    shall mean the holders of Class T, Class S, Class D or Class I shares.  
  Transaction Price    shall mean the repurchase price per share for each class of common stock, which shall be equal to the then-current
offering price before applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees.     Share Repurchase Plan   
 Stockholders may request that the Company repurchase shares of its common stock through their financial advisor or directly with the Company s transfer
agent. The procedures relating to the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock are as follows:      

Under this share repurchase plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase shares in any particular month the Company will only repurchase shares as of the last calendar day of that month (a  Repurchase
Date ). To have shares repurchased, a Stockholder s repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month. Settlements of share
repurchases will be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. The Company will begin this share repurchase plan in the first month of the first full calendar quarter following the conclusion of its escrow period. Repurchase requests
received and processed by the Company s transfer agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the Transaction Price on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per
share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction (as defined below).    

A Stockholder may withdraw his or her repurchase request by notifying the transfer agent, directly or through the Stockholder s financial intermediary, on our toll-free, automated telephone line, 844-702-1299. The
line is open on each business day between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. (Eastern time). Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable month.    

If a repurchase request is received after 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month, the purchase order will be executed, if at all, on the next month s Repurchase Date at
the Transaction Price applicable to that month (subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction), unless such request is withdrawn prior to the repurchase. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Company s transfer agent on a business day,
but after the close of business on that day or on a day that is not a business day, will be deemed received on the next business day.        

Repurchase requests may be made by mail or by contacting a financial intermediary, both subject to certain conditions described in this share repurchase plan. If making a repurchase request by contacting the
Stockholder s financial intermediary, the Stockholder s financial intermediary may require the Stockholder to provide certain documentation or information. If making a repurchase request by mail to the transfer agent, the Stockholder must
complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which can be found at the end of this share repurchase plan and which will also be available on our website,  www.bxreit.com . Written requests should be sent to the transfer agent at the
following address:      DST Systems, Inc.  
 PO Box 219349    Kansas City, MO
64121-9349    Overnight Address:  
 DST Systems, Inc.    430 W 7th St.
Suite 219349    Kansas City, MO 64105  
 Toll Free Number: 844-702-1299  
 Corporate investors and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file authorizing repurchases. A signature
guarantee may be required.      

For processed repurchases, Stockholders may request that repurchase proceeds are to be paid by mailed check provided that the amount is less than $100,000 and the check is mailed to an address on file with the transfer
agent for at least 30 days.        

Processed repurchases of more than $100,000 will be paid only via wire transfer. For this reason, Stockholders who own more than $100,000 of the Company s common stock must provide wiring instructions for their
brokerage account or designated U.S. bank account. Stockholders who own less than $100,000 of the Company s common stock may also receive repurchase proceeds via wire transfer, provided the payment amount is at least $2,500. For all repurchases
paid via wire transfer, the funds will be wired to the account on file with the transfer agent or, upon instruction, to another financial institution provided that the Stockholder has made the necessary funds transfer arrangements. The customer
service representative can provide detailed instructions on establishing funding arrangements and designating a bank or brokerage account on file. Funds will be wired only to U.S. financial institutions (ACH network members).    

A medallion signature guarantee will be required in certain circumstances described below. A medallion signature guarantee may be obtained from a domestic bank or trust company, broker-dealer, clearing agency, savings
association or other financial institution which participates in a medallion program recognized by the Securities Transfer Association. The three recognized medallion programs are the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock Exchanges
Medallion Program and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. Medallion Signature Program. Signature guarantees from financial institutions which are not participating in any of these medallion programs will not be accepted. A notary public cannot provide
signature guarantees. The Company reserves the right to amend, waive or discontinue this policy at any time and establish other criteria for verifying the authenticity of any repurchase or transaction request. The Company may require a medallion
signature guarantee if, among other reasons: (1) the amount of the repurchase request is over $500,000; (2) a Stockholder wishes to have repurchase proceeds transferred by wire to an account other than the designated bank or brokerage
account on file for at least 30 days or sent to an address other than such Stockholder s address of record for the past 30 days; or (3) the Company s transfer agent cannot confirm a Stockholder s identity or suspects fraudulent
activity.        

If a Stockholder has made multiple purchases of shares of the Company s common stock, any repurchase request will be processed on a first in/first out basis unless otherwise requested in the repurchase request.
       Minimum Account Repurchases      In
the event that any Stockholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of $500 of shares of the Company s common stock, the Company may repurchase all of the shares held by that Stockholder at the repurchase price in effect on the date the
Company determines that such Stockholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any Early Repurchase Deduction. Minimum account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline
in the Company s NAV. Minimum account repurchases are subject to Early Repurchase Deduction.      Sources of Funds for Repurchases    
 The Company may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings,
return of capital or offering proceeds (including from sales of the Company s common stock or Operating Partnership units to the Special Limited Partner, an affiliate of Blackstone), and the Company has no limits on the amounts it may pay from
such sources.      Repurchase Limitations      The
Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under this share repurchase plan, or none at all, in its discretion at any time. In addition, the total amount of aggregate repurchases of Class
T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares will be limited to no more than 2% of the Company s aggregate NAV per month and no more than 5% of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter.  
 In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares submitted for
repurchase during such month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of this share repurchase plan, as applicable.  
 If the Transaction Price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed
after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following month must resubmit their repurchase requests.  

Should repurchase requests, in the Company s judgment, place an undue burden on the Company s
liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather
than repurchasing the Company s shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular month than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the
Company s board of directors may modify, suspend or terminate this share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the best interest of the Company and its Stockholders. Material modifications, including any amendment to the 2% monthly
or 5% quarterly limitations on repurchases, to and suspensions of the share repurchase plan will be promptly disclosed to stockholders in a prospectus supplement (or post-effective amendment if required by the Securities Act) or special or periodic
report filed by us. Material modifications will also be disclosed on the Company s website. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this share repurchase plan due to regulatory changes, changes in law or if the Company becomes aware
of undisclosed material information that it believes should be publicly disclosed before shares are repurchased. Once this share repurchase plan is suspended, the Company s board of directors must affirmatively authorize the recommencement of
this plan before Stockholder requests will be considered again.      Early Repurchase Deduction    
 There is no minimum holding period for shares of the Company s common stock and Stockholders can request that the Company repurchase their shares at any
time. However, subject to limited exceptions, shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 95% of the Transaction Price (an  Early Repurchase Deduction ) on the applicable Repurchase Date. This Early
Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases.    The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction
in the following circumstances:      

repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability; or        

in the event that a Stockholder s shares are repurchased because such Stockholder has failed to maintain the $500 minimum account balance.    
 As set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchase of shares resulting from the death of a Stockholder who is a
natural person, subject to the conditions and limitations described above, including shares held by such Stockholder through a revocable grantor trust or an IRA or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after receiving written notice from the
estate of the Stockholder, the recipient of the shares through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a revocable grantor trust, the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust. The Company
must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Stockholder in order for the requesting party to rely on any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death of a
Stockholder. Such a written request must be accompanied by a certified copy of the official death certificate of the Stockholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of shares, the request to repurchase the shares may be made if either of the
registered holders dies. If the Stockholder is not a natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right of repurchase upon death does not apply.  
 Furthermore, as set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchase of shares held by a Stockholder who is a
natural person who is deemed to have a qualifying  

disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code), subject to the conditions and limitations described above, including shares held by such Stockholder through a revocable
grantor trust, or an IRA or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after receiving written notice from such Stockholder, provided that the condition causing the qualifying disability was not pre-existing on the date that the Stockholder became a
Stockholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months of the initial determination of the Stockholder s disability in order for the Stockholder to rely on any of the waivers described above that may be granted in
the event of the disability of a Stockholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of shares, the request to repurchase the shares may be made if either of the registered holders acquires a qualifying disability. If the Stockholder is not a
natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right of repurchase upon disability does not apply.  
   Items of Note        

Stockholders will not receive interest on amounts represented by uncashed repurchase checks;        

Under applicable anti-money laundering regulations and other federal regulations, repurchase requests may be suspended, restricted or canceled and the proceeds may be withheld;    

IRS regulations require the Company to determine and disclose on Form 1099-B the adjusted cost basis for shares of the Company s stock sold or repurchased. Although there are several available methods for
determining the adjusted cost basis, unless a Stockholder elects otherwise, which such Stockholder may do by checking the appropriate box on the subscription agreement or calling the Company s customer service number at 844-702-1299, the
Company will utilize the first-in-first-out method; and        

All shares of the Company s common stock requested to be repurchased must be beneficially owned by the Stockholder of record making the request or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, or the party requesting the
repurchase must be authorized to do so by the Stockholder of record of the shares or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, and such shares of common stock must be fully transferable and not subject to any liens or encumbrances. In certain cases,
the Company may ask the requesting party to provide evidence satisfactory to the Company that the shares requested for repurchase are not subject to any liens or encumbrances. If the Company determines that a lien exists against the shares, the
Company will not be obligated to repurchase any shares subject to the lien.       Mail and Telephone Instructions   
 The Company and its transfer agent will not be responsible for the authenticity of mail or phone instructions or losses, if any, resulting from unauthorized
Stockholder transactions if they reasonably believe that such instructions were genuine. The Company and the its transfer agent have established reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine including requiring the Stockholder to
provide certain specific identifying information on file and sending written confirmation to Stockholders of record no later than five days following execution of the instruction. Failure by the Stockholder or its agent to notify the Company s
transfer agent in a timely manner, but in no event more than 60 days from receipt of such confirmation, that the instructions were not properly acted upon or any other discrepancy will relieve the Company, the Company s transfer agent and the
financial advisor of any liability with respect to the discrepancy.  

REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION  
       FOR Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.     
   Use this form to request repurchase of your shares in Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Please complete all sections
below.     1 REPURCHASE FROM THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNT       

Name(s) on the Account 

Account Number 

Social Security Number/TIN   

Financial Advisor
Name      
    
 Financial Advisor Phone Number  

2 REPURCHASE AMOUNT   (Check one)  
    
  3 REPURCHASE TYPE   (Check one)   

All Shares 
    
   Normal  

Number of
Shares                                        
    
   Death  

Dollar Amount
$                                        
    
   Disability  
    Additional documentation is required if repurchasing due to Death or Disability. Contact Investor Relations
for detailed instructions at 844-702-1299.      4 PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS   (Select only one)     
 Indicate how you wish to receive your repurchase payment below. If an option is not selected, a check will be sent to your address of record. Repurchase
proceeds for qualified accounts, including IRAs and other Custodial accounts, and certain Broker-controlled accounts as required by your Broker/Dealer of record, will automatically be issued to the Custodian or Broker/Dealer of record, as
applicable.   All Custodial held and Broker-controlled accounts must include the Custodian and/or Broker/Dealer signature.        

Cash/Check Mailed to Address of Record   

Cash/Check Mailed to Third Party/Custodian   (Signature Guarantee required)   

Name /
Entity Name / Financial Institution      
    
   Mailing
Address            

City 

State 

Zip Code 

Account Number 
     
     Cash/Direct Deposit Attach a  pre-printed voided check .  (Non-Custodian Investors Only)   
  I authorize Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. or its agent to deposit my distribution into my checking or savings account. In the event that
Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. deposits funds erroneously into my account, they are authorized to debit my account for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit.   

Financial Institution
Name      
    
   Mailing Address 

City 

State 

Your
Bank s ABA Routing Number      
    
   Your
Bank Account Number       
    P LEASE  A TTACH   A  P RE -P RINTED 
V OIDED  C HECK    
      1  

5 SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN CONSIDERATIONS    (Select only one)      
 Our share repurchase plan contains limitations on the number of shares that can be repurchased under the plan during any month and quarter. In addition to
these limitations, we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds to accommodate all repurchase requests made in any applicable repurchase period and we may elect to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month,
or none at all. If the number of shares subject to repurchase requests exceeds the then applicable limitations, or if we otherwise do not make all requested repurchases, each shareholder s request will be reduced on a pro rata basis after we
have repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death or disability. If repurchase requests are reduced on a pro rata basis, you may elect (at the time of your repurchase request) to either withdraw your entire request for
repurchase or have your request honored on a pro-rata basis. If you wish to have the remainder of your initial request repurchased, you must resubmit a new repurchase request for the remaining amount.  Please select one of the following options
below. If an option is not selected, your repurchase request will be processed on a pro-rata basis, if needed.       

Process my repurchase request on a pro-rata basis.        

Withdraw (do not process) my entire repurchase request if amount will be reduced on a pro-rata basis.       6
COST BASIS SELECTION    (Select only one)        U.S. federal income tax information reporting rules generally apply to certain
transactions in our shares. Where they apply, the  cost basis  calculated for the shares involved will be reported to the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) and to you. Generally these rules apply to our shares, including those
purchased through our distribution reinvestment plan. You should consult your own tax advisor regarding the consequences of these new rules and your cost basis reporting options.  
 Indicate below the cost basis method you would like us to apply.  
 IMPORTANT: If an option is not selected, your cost basis will be calculated using the FIFO method.  

FIFO (First   In / First Out)        

LIFO (Last   In / First Out)  Consult your tax advisor to determine whether this method is available to you .          

Specific Lots      If you have selected  Specific Lots,  please identify the lots below:  

Date of Purchase: 

Amount of Purchase:   

Date of Purchase: 

Amount of Purchase:   

Date of Purchase: 

Amount of Purchase:  
    7 AUTHORIZATION AND SIGNATURE   
  IMPORTANT: Signature Guarantee is required if any of the following applies:       

The repurchase is to be sent to an address other than the address we have had on record for the past 30 days.        

The repurchase is to be sent to an address other than the address on record.        

If name has changed from the name in the account registration, we must have a one-and-the-same name signature guarantee. A one-and-the-same signature guarantee must state   Previous Name  is one-and-the-same
as  New Name   and you must sign your old and new name.        

The repurchase proceeds are deposited directly according to banking instructions provided on this form.  (Non-Custodial Investors Only)     

Investor Name (Please
Print)      
    
   Signature 

Date 

Co-Investor Name
(Please Print)      
    
   Signature 

Date 

Signature Guarantee  
  (Affix Medallion or Signature Guarantee Stamp Below)   

Custodian and/or Broker/Dealer Authorization  
  (if applicable)      

Signature of Authorized Person   

* 
 Please refer to the prospectus you received in connection with your initial investment in Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as amended by any amendments or supplements to that prospectus, for a description of
the current terms of our share repurchase plan. A copy of the prospectus, as amended and supplemented to date, is located at  www.bxreit.com  and at  www.sec.gov . The repurchase price will be available in our prospectus supplements and at
 www.bxreit.com  and  www.sec.gov . There are various limitations on your ability to request that we repurchase your shares, including, subject to certain exceptions, an early repurchase deduction if your shares have been outstanding for
less than one year. Please see a copy of the applicable prospectus, as amended and supplemented to date, for the current repurchase price. Our board of directors may determine to amend, suspend or terminate our share repurchase plan without
stockholder approval. We will provide written notice of any amendment, suspension or termination of the plan in a filing with the SEC at  www.sec.gov , which will also be made available at  www.bxreit.com . Repurchase of shares, when
requested, will generally be made monthly; provided however, that the board of directors may determine from time to time to adjust the timing of repurchases. All requests for repurchases must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on
the second to last business day of the applicable month. A Stockholder may withdraw his or her repurchase request by notifying the transfer agent, directly or through the Stockholder s financial intermediary, on our toll-free, automated
telephone line, 844-702-1299. Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the applicable Repurchase Date (or if such Repurchase Date is not a business day, the prior business day). We cannot guarantee that we will have
sufficient available funds or that we will otherwise be able to accommodate any or all requests made in any applicable repurchase period.        
       
  Mail to:  Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust   DST Systems, Inc.   PO Box 219349   Kansas City, MO 64121-9349  
  Overnight Delivery:  Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust   DST Systems, Inc.   430 W. 7th St.   Kansas City, MO 64105  
  Investor Relations:  844-702-1299  
      3  

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 4
 d464593dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  ADVISORY AGREEMENT   
  AMONG      BLACKSTONE REAL
ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.,      BREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.,   
  AND      BX REIT ADVISORS
L.L.C.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

i  

ADVISORY AGREEMENT    
 THIS ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ), dated as of the 31 st  day of
August, 2016 and effective as of the date the Registration Statement (as defined below) is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   Effective Date  ), is by and among Blackstone Real Estate Income
Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the   Company  ), BREIT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the   Operating Partnership  ), and BX REIT Advisors L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company
(the   Adviser  ). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below.     W I T
N E S S E T H     WHEREAS, the Company intends to qualify as a REIT, and to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of
Sections 856 through 860 of the Code;    WHEREAS, the Company is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and intends to
conduct all of its business and make all or substantially all Investments through the Operating Partnership;    WHEREAS, the Company and the
Operating Partnership desire to avail themselves of the knowledge, experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities available to the Adviser and to have the Adviser undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter
set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board, all as provided herein; and    WHEREAS, the Adviser is willing to
undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.    NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:  
 1.  DEFINITIONS.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated:  
    Acquisition Expenses    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Adviser    shall mean BX REIT Advisors L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.  
    Adviser Expenses    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b).  
    Affiliate    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Average Invested Assets    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Blackstone    means, collectively, The Blackstone Group L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and any Affiliate
thereof.       Board    shall mean the board of directors of the Company, as of any particular time.  
    Business Day    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Bylaws    shall mean the bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time.  
    Cause    shall mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful
misconduct or willful or negligent breach of fiduciary duty by the Adviser in connection with performing its duties hereunder.  
    CEA    shall mean the U.S. Commodities Exchange Act, as amended.  
    Change of Control    shall mean any event (including, without limitation, issue, transfer or other disposition of
shares of capital stock of the Company or equity interests in the Operating Partnership, merger, share exchange or consolidation) after which any  person  (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended) is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company or the Operating Partnership representing greater
than 50% or more of the combined voting power of Company s or the Operating Partnership s then outstanding securities, respectively; provided, that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as a result of any widely distributed
public offering of the Shares.  

Charter    shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Company filed
with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time.  
    Class D Common Shares    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class I Common Shares    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class S Common Shares    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class T Common Shares    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class D NAV per Share    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class I NAV per Share    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class S NAV per Share    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Class T NAV per Share    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Code    shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
    Commencement Date    shall mean the date on which the Company breaks escrow for its initial Offering.  
    Company    shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.  
    Director    shall mean a member of the Board.  
    Distributions    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Effective Date    shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.  
    Excess Amount    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.  
    Exchange Act    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Expense Year    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.  
    GAAP    shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time
to time.       Gross Proceeds    shall mean the aggregate purchase price of all Shares sold for the account of the
Company through an Offering, without deduction for Selling Commissions. The purchase price of any Class T Common Share or Class S Common Share shall be deemed to be the full, non-discounted offering price at the time of purchase of each such Class T
Common Share or Class S Common Share.       Independent Appraiser    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.
      Independent Director    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Initial Investment    shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24.  
    Investment Company Act    shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  
    Investment Guidelines    shall mean the investment guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time,
pursuant to which the Adviser has discretion to acquire and dispose of Investments for the Company without the prior approval of the Board.  
      2  

Investments    shall mean any investments by the Company or the
Operating Partnership, directly or indirectly, in Real Property, Real Estate-Related Assets or other assets.       Joint
Ventures    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.       Management Fee    shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 10(a).       Mortgage    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    NASAA REIT Guidelines    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    NAV    shall mean the Company s net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines.  
    Net Income    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Offering    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Operating Partnership    shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.  
    Operating Partnership Agreement    shall mean the Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership, as
amended from time to time.       Organization and Offering Expenses    shall have the meaning set forth in the
Charter.       Other Blackstone Accounts    shall mean investment funds, REITs, vehicles, accounts, products and/or
other similar arrangements sponsored, advised and/or managed by Blackstone, whether currently in existence or subsequently established (in each case, including any related successor funds, alternative vehicles, supplemental capital vehicles, surge
funds, over-flow funds, co-investment vehicles and other entities formed in connection with Blackstone side-by-side or additional general partner investments with respect thereto).  
    Person    shall mean an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, joint venture,
limited liability company or other legal entity.       Prospectus    shall have the meaning set forth in the
Charter.       Real Estate-Related Securities    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Real Estate-Related Assets    shall mean any investments by the Company or the Operating Partnership in Mortgages
and Real Estate-Related Securities.       Real Property    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Registration Statement    shall mean the registration statement on Form S-11, as may be amended from time to time,
of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission related to the registration of the Shares for the Company s initial Offering.  
    REIT    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Securities Act    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Select Opportunistic Blackstone Accounts    shall mean Other Blackstone Accounts that invest in
 opportunistic  real estate and real estate-related assets globally that receive priority over the Company with respect to investments.  
    Selling Commissions    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Shares    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
      3  

Stockholder Servicing Fee    shall have the meaning set forth in the
Charter.       Stockholders    shall have the meaning set forth in the Charter.  
    Termination Date    shall mean the date of termination of this Agreement or expiration of this Agreement in the
event this Agreement is not renewed for an additional term.       Total Operating Expenses    shall have the
meaning set forth in the Charter.       Treasury Regulations    shall mean the Procedures and Administration Regulation
promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury under the Code, as amended.       2%/25% Guidelines    shall have
the meaning set forth in the Charter.       Valuation Guidelines    shall mean the valuation guidelines adopted by
the Board, as amended from time to time.    2.  APPOINTMENT.  The Company and the Operating Partnership hereby appoint the Adviser
to serve as their investment adviser on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Adviser hereby accepts such appointment. By accepting such appointment, the Adviser acknowledges that it has a contractual and fiduciary
responsibility to the Company and the Stockholders. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Adviser hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform the duties set forth herein, provided that the Company reimburses the
Adviser for costs and expenses in accordance with Section 12 hereof.    3.  DUTIES OF THE ADVISER.  Subject to the oversight
of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the Investment Guidelines) and consistent with the provisions of the Company s most recent Prospectus for the Shares, the Charter and Bylaws and the Operating Partnership
Agreement, the Adviser will have plenary authority with respect to the management of the business and affairs of the Company and the Operating Partnership and will be responsible for implementing the investment strategy of the Company and the
Operating Partnership. The Adviser will perform (or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates or third parties) such services and activities relating to the selection of investments and rendering investment advice to the Company
and the Operating Partnership as may be appropriate or otherwise mutually agreed from time to time, which may include, without limitation:  
 (a) serving as an advisor to the Company and the Operating Partnership with respect to the establishment and periodic review of the Investment
Guidelines for the Company s and the Operating Partnership s investments, financing activities and operations;    (b) sourcing,
evaluating and monitoring the Company s and Operating Partnership s investment opportunities and executing the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of the Company s and Operating Partnership s assets, in accordance
with the Company s Investment Guidelines, policies and objectives and limitations, subject to oversight by the Board;    (c) with
respect to prospective acquisitions, purchases, sales, exchanges or other dispositions of Investments, conducting negotiations on the Company s and Operating Partnership s behalf with sellers, purchasers, and other counterparties and, if
applicable, their respective agents, advisors and representatives, and determining the structure and terms of such transactions;    (d)
providing the Company with portfolio management and other related services;    (e) serving as the Company s advisor with respect to
decisions regarding any of the Company s financings, hedging activities or borrowings undertaken by the Company, including (1) assisting the Company in developing criteria for debt and equity financing that is specifically tailored to the
Company s investment objectives, and (2) advising the Company with respect to obtaining appropriate financing for the Investments (which, in accordance with applicable law and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Company s Charter and Bylaws, may include financing by the Adviser or its Affiliates) and (3) negotiating and entering into, on the Company s and Operating Partnership s behalf, financing arrangements (including one or more
credit facilities), repurchase agreements, interest rate or currency swap agreements, hedging arrangements, foreign exchange transactions, derivative transactions, and other agreements and instruments required or appropriate in connection with the
Company s and Operating Partnership s activities;    (f) engaging and supervising, on the Company s and Operating
Partnership s behalf and at the Company s and Operating Partnership s expense, independent contractors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, administrators, auditors, appraisers, independent valuation agents, escrow agents
and other service providers (which may include Affiliates of the Adviser) that provide various services with respect to the Company and Operating Partnership, including, without limitation, on-site managers, building and maintenance personnel,
investment banking, securities brokerage, mortgage brokerage, credit analysis, risk management services, asset management services, loan servicing, other financial, legal or accounting services, due diligence services, underwriting review services,
and all other services (including custody and transfer agent and registrar services) as may be required relating to the Company s and Operating Partnership s activities or investments (or potential Investments);  
      4  

(g) coordinating and managing operations of any Joint Venture or co-investment interests held by
the Company or Operating Partnership and conducting matters with the Joint Venture or co-investment partners;    (h) communicating on the
Company s and Operating Partnership s behalf with the holders of any of the Company s equity or debt securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any governmental bodies or agencies or trading markets and
to maintain effective relations with such holders;    (i) advising the Company in connection with policy decisions to be made by the Board;
   (j) engaging one or more subadvisors with respect to the management of the Company and Operating Partnership, including, where
appropriate, Affiliates of the Adviser;    (k) evaluating and recommending to the Board hedging strategies and engaging in hedging
activities on the Company s and Operating Partnership s behalf, consistent with the Company s qualification as a REIT and with the Investment Guidelines;  
 (l) investing and reinvesting any moneys and securities of the Company and the Operating Partnership (including investing in short-term
investments pending investment in other investments, payment of fees, costs and expenses, or payments of dividends or distributions to the Company s stockholders and partners) and advising the Company as to the Company s and Operating
Partnership s capital structure and capital raising;    (m) determining valuations for the Company s Real Property and Real
Estate-Related Assets and calculate, as of the last Business Day of each month, the Class T NAV per Share, Class S NAV per Share, Class D NAV per Share and Class I NAV per Share in accordance with the Valuation Guidelines, and in connection
therewith, obtain appraisals performed by an Independent Appraiser and other independent third party appraisal firms concerning the value of the Real Properties and obtain market quotations or conduct fair valuation determinations concerning the
value of Real Estate-Related Assets;    (n) providing input in connection with the appraisals performed by the Independent Appraisers;  
 (o) monitoring the Company s Real Property and Real Estate Related Assets for events that may be expected to have a material impact on
the most recent estimated values;    (p) monitoring each Independent Appraiser s valuation process to ensure that it complies with the
Company s valuation guidelines;    (q) delivering to, or maintain on behalf of, the Company copies of appraisals obtained in connection
with the investments in any Real Property;    (r) in the event that the Company is a commodity pool under the CEA, acting as the
Company s commodity pool operator for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the authority to make any filings, submissions or registrations (including for exemptive or
 no action  relief) to the extent required or desirable under the CEA (and the Company hereby appoints the Adviser to act in such capacity and the Adviser accepts such appointment and agrees to be responsible for such services);  
 (s) placing, or arranging for the placement of, orders of Real Estate-Related Assets pursuant to the Adviser s investment determinations
for the Company and the Operating Partnership either directly with the issuer or with a broker or dealer (including any Affiliated broker or dealer); and  
 (t) performing such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the Company s investment activities as the
Board shall reasonably request and/or the Adviser shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances.    4.  AUTHORITY OF
ADVISER.     (a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in
Section 7), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Company, the Board (by virtue of its approval of this Agreement and authorization of the execution hereof by the officers of the Company)
hereby delegates to the Adviser the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the
judgment of the Adviser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Adviser s duties described in Section 3, including the making of any Investment that fits within the Company s investment objectives, strategy and
guidelines, policies and limitations and within the discretionary limits and authority as granted to the Adviser from time to time by the Board.  
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Investment that does not fit within the Investment Guidelines will require the prior approval of the
Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, as the case may be. Except as otherwise set forth herein, in the  
      5  

Investment Guidelines or in the Charter, any Investment that fits within the Investment Guidelines may be made by the Adviser on the Company s or the Operating Partnership s behalf
without the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board.    (c) The prior approval of a majority of the
Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction will be required for each transaction to which the Adviser or its Affiliates is a party.  
 (d) The Board will review the Investment Guidelines with sufficient frequency and at least annually and may, at any time upon the giving of
notice to the Adviser, amend the Investment Guidelines;  provided ,  however , that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Adviser or such later date as is specified by the Board and included in the notice
provided to the Adviser and such modification or revocation shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Adviser has committed the Company or the Operating Partnership prior to the date of receipt by the Adviser of such
notification, or if later, the effective date of such modification or revocation specified by the Board.    (e) The Adviser may retain, for
and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of the Company, such services as the Adviser deems necessary or advisable in connection with the management and operations of the Company, which may include Affiliates of the Adviser; provided, that
any such services may only be provided by Affiliates to the extent such services are approved by a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in such transactions as being fair and
reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. In performing its duties under Section 3, the Adviser shall be entitled to rely reasonably on
qualified experts and professionals (including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers) hired by the Adviser at the Company s sole cost and expense.  
 5.  BANK ACCOUNTS.  The Adviser may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in the name of the Company and the Operating
Partnership and any subsidiary thereof and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company or the Operating Partnership, consistent with the Adviser s
authority under this Agreement, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Adviser; and the Adviser shall from time to time render, upon request by the Board, its audit committee or the auditors of the Company, appropriate
accountings of such collections and payments to the Board, its audit committee and the auditors of the Company, as applicable.    6.
 RECORDS; ACCESS.  The Adviser shall maintain appropriate records of its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at any time or from
time to time during normal business hours. The Adviser shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Company and the Operating Partnership.  
 7.  LIMITATIONS ON ACTIVITIES.  The Adviser shall refrain from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, (i) is
not in compliance with the Investment Guidelines, (ii) would adversely and materially affect the qualification of the Company as a REIT under the Code or the Company s and the Operating Partnership s status as entities excluded from
investment company status under the Investment Company Act, or (iii) would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company and the Operating Partnership or of any exchange
on which the securities of the Company may be listed or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Charter, Bylaws or Operating Partnership Agreement. If the Adviser is ordered to take any action by the Board, the Adviser shall seek to notify the
Board if it is the Adviser s reasonable judgment that such action would adversely and materially affect such status or violate any such law, rule or regulation or the Charter, Bylaws or Operating Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable to the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Board, or the Stockholders for any act or omission by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 20 of this
Agreement.    8.  OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE ADVISER.   
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from engaging in
other businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or policies of any such other Person or entity are similar to those of the Company, including, without limitation, the
sponsoring, closing and/or managing of any Other Blackstone Accounts, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from buying, selling or trading any securities or commodities for
their own accounts or for the account of others for whom the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees may be acting, or (iii) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates from receiving fees or other compensation or
profits from such activities described in this Section 8(a) which shall be for the Adviser s (and/or its Affiliates ) sole benefit. While information and recommendations supplied to the Company shall, in the Adviser s reasonable
and good faith judgment, be appropriate under the circumstances and in light of the investment objectives and policies of the Company, such information and recommendations may be different in certain material respects from the information and
recommendations supplied by the Adviser or any Affiliate of the Adviser to others (including, for greater certainty, the Other Blackstone Accounts and their investors, as described more fully in Section 8(b)).  
      6  

(b) The Adviser and the Company acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, (i) Affiliates of the Adviser sponsor, advise and/or manage Other Blackstone Accounts and may in the future sponsor, advise and/or manage additional Other Blackstone Accounts (including Select Opportunistic Blackstone
Accounts), (ii) with respect to Other Blackstone Accounts with investment objectives or guidelines that overlap with the Company s but that do not have priority over the Company, the Adviser and its Affiliates will allocate investment
opportunities between the Company and such Other Blackstone Accounts in accordance with Blackstone s prevailing policies and procedures on a basis that the Adviser and its Affiliates determine to be reasonable in their sole discretion, and
there may be circumstances where investments that are consistent with the Company s Investment Guidelines may be shared with or allocated to one or more Other Blackstone Accounts (in lieu of the Company) in accordance with Blackstone s
prevailing policies and procedures and (iii) Select Opportunistic Blackstone Accounts will receive priority over the Company with respect to investments within such accounts  investment objectives and guidelines and the Adviser will not
allocate investment opportunities to the Company unless the investment advisers of the Select Opportunistic Blackstone Accounts forgo, in their sole discretion, all or a portion of such investments because of such accounts  investment
objectives, guidelines, concentration limitations or otherwise.    (c) In connection with the services of the Adviser hereunder, the Company
and the Board acknowledge and/or agree that (i) as part of Blackstone s regular businesses, personnel of the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time-to-time work on other projects and matters (including with respect to one or more Other
Blackstone Accounts), and that conflicts may arise with respect to the allocation of personnel between the Company and one or more Other Blackstone Accounts and/or the Adviser and such other Affiliates, (ii) unless prohibited by the Charter,
Other Blackstone Accounts may invest, from time to time, in investments in which the Company also invests (including at a different level of an issuer s capital structure ( e.g ., an investment by an Other Blackstone Account in a debt or
mezzanine interest with respect to the same portfolio entity in which the Company owns an equity interest or vice versa) or in a different tranche of equity or debt with respect to an issuer in which the Company has an interest) and while Blackstone
will seek to resolve any such conflicts in a fair and reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of the Select Opportunistic Blackstone Accounts) in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among
Other Blackstone Accounts generally, such transactions are not required to be presented to the Board or any committee thereof for approval (unless otherwise required by the Charter or Investment Guidelines), and there can be no assurance that any
conflicts will be resolved in the Company s favor, (iii) the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time to time receive fees from portfolio entities or other issuers for the arranging, underwriting, syndication or refinancing of investments
or other additional fees, including fees related to administrative services, construction, special servicing, leasing, development, property oversight and other property management services, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, group
purchasing, healthcare, consulting/brokerage, capital markets/ credit origination, loan servicing, property, title and/or other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational matters, including with respect to Other
Blackstone Accounts and related portfolio entities, and while such fees may give rise to conflicts of interest the Company will not receive the benefit of any such fees, and (iv) the terms and conditions of the governing agreements of such
Other Blackstone Accounts (including with respect to the economic, reporting, and other rights afforded to investors in such Other Blackstone Accounts) are materially different from the terms and conditions applicable to the Company and the
Stockholders, and neither the Company nor the Stockholders (in such capacity) shall have the right to receive the benefit of any such different terms applicable to investors in such Other Blackstone Accounts as a result of an investment in the
Company or otherwise. The Adviser shall keep the Board reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing.    (d) The
Adviser is not permitted to consummate on the Company s behalf any transaction that involves (i) the sale of any investment to or (ii) the acquisition of any investment from Blackstone, any Other Blackstone Account or any of their
Affiliates unless such transaction is approved by a majority of the Directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. In addition, for any such
acquisition by the Company, the Company s purchase price will be limited to the cost of the property to the Affiliate, including acquisition-related expenses, or if substantial justification exists, the current appraised value of the property
as determined by an Independent Appraiser. In addition, the Company may enter into Joint Ventures with Other Blackstone Accounts, or with Blackstone, the Adviser, one or more Directors, or any of their respective Affiliates, only if a majority of
the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on substantially the same, or no less favorable, terms and
conditions as those received by other Affiliate joint venture partners. The Adviser will seek to resolve any conflicts of interest in a fair and reasonable manner (subject to any priorities of the Select Blackstone Accounts) in accordance with its
prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other Blackstone Accounts generally, but only those transactions set forth in this Section 8(d) will be expressly required to be presented for approval to the
Independent Directors or any committee thereof (unless otherwise required by the Charter or the Investment Guidelines).    (e) For the
avoidance of doubt, it is understood that neither the Company nor the Board has the authority to determine the salary, bonus or any other compensation paid by the Adviser to any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or stockholder of the
Adviser or its Affiliates, including any person who is also a director or officer employee of the Company.  
      7  

9.  RELATIONSHIP WITH DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.  Subject to Section 7 of this
Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Company as a REIT, directors, managers, officers and employees of the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser or any corporate parent of an Affiliate, may serve as a
Director or officer of the Company, except that no director, officer or employee of the Adviser or its Affiliates who also is a Director or officer of the Company shall receive any compensation from the Company for serving as a Director or officer
other than (a) reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or (b) as otherwise approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, and no such Director shall be
deemed an Independent Director for purposes of satisfying the Director independence requirement set forth in the Charter.    10.
 MANAGEMENT FEE.     (a) The Company will pay the Adviser a management fee (the   Management Fee  ) equal to 1.25% of
NAV per annum payable monthly, before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Stockholder Servicing Fee, the Performance Allocation (as defined in the Operating Partnership Agreement) or any Distributions. The Adviser shall receive
the Management Fee as compensation for services rendered hereunder. The Adviser has agreed to waive its management fee for the first six months following the Commencement Date.  
 (b) The Management Fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Class I Common Shares
or Class I units of the Operating Partnership. If the Adviser elects to receive any portion of its Management Fee in Class I Common Shares or Class I units of the Operating Partnership, the Adviser may elect to have the Company repurchase such Class
I Common Shares or Class I units of the Operating Partnership from the Adviser at a later date. Class I Common Shares and Class I units of the Operating Partnership obtained by the Adviser will not be subject to the repurchase limits of the
Company s share repurchase plan or any reduction or penalty for an early repurchase. The Operating Partnership will repurchase any such Operating Partnership units for cash unless the Board determines that any such repurchase for cash would be
prohibited by applicable law or the Charter, in which case such Operating Partnership units will be repurchased for the Company s Class I Common Shares with an equivalent aggregate NAV. The Adviser will have the option of exchanging Class I
Common Shares for an equivalent aggregate NAV amount of Class T Shares, Class S Common Shares or Class D Common Shares and will have registration rights with respect to shares of the Company s common stock.  
 (c) In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the Adviser will be entitled to receive its prorated
Management Fee through the date of termination. Such pro ration shall take into account the number of days of any partial calendar month or calendar year for which this Agreement was in effect.  
 (d) In the event the Company or the Operating Partnership commences a liquidation of its Investments during any calendar year, the Company
will pay the Adviser the Management Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation.    11.  EXPENSES.   
 (a) As required by the NASAA REIT Guidelines, the cumulative Selling Commissions, Stockholder Servicing Fees and Organization and Offering
Expenses paid by the Company will not exceed 15.0% of Gross Proceeds from the sale of Shares in an Offering.    (b) Subject to Sections 4(e)
and 11(c), the Adviser shall be responsible for the expenses related to any and all personnel of the Adviser who provide investment advisory services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, each of the officers of
the Company and any Directors who are also directors, officers or employees of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates), including, without limitation, salaries, bonus and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans of such
personnel, and costs of insurance with respect to such personnel (  Adviser Expenses  ).    (c) In addition to the
compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Company or the Operating Partnership shall pay all of its costs and expenses directly or reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for costs and expenses of the Adviser and its
Affiliates incurred on behalf of the Company, other than Adviser Expenses. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically agreed that the following costs and expenses of the Company or the Operating Partnership are not Adviser
Expenses and shall be paid by the Company or the Operating Partnership and shall not be paid by the Adviser or Affiliates of the Adviser:  
 (i) Organization and Offering Expenses;  provided  that within 60 days after the end of the month in which an
Offering terminates, the Adviser shall reimburse the Company to the extent the Organization and Offering Expenses, Selling Commissions and Stockholder Servicing Fees borne by the Company exceed 15.0% of the Gross Proceeds raised in the completed
Offering;    (ii) Acquisition Expenses, subject to limitations set forth in the Charter;  
    (iii) fees, costs and expenses in connection with the
issuance and transaction costs incident to the trading, settling, disposition and financing of the Investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries (whether or not consummated), including brokerage commissions, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees,
custodial expenses, clearing and settlement charges, forfeited deposits, and other investment costs fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with the pursuit, making, holding, settling, monitoring or disposing of actual or potential
investments;    (iv) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Company and obtained from Persons not Affiliated with
the Adviser, including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other services providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the purchase and sale of Investments  
      8  

(v) all fees, costs and expenses of legal, tax, accounting, consulting, auditing
(including internal audit), finance, administrative, investment banking, capital market, transfer agency, escrow agency, custody, prime brokerage, asset management, property management, data or technology services and other non-investment advisory
services rendered to the Company by the Adviser or its Affiliates in compliance with Section 4(e);    (vi) expenses of
managing and operating the Company s and the Operating Partnership s Real Properties, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Adviser or a non-Affiliated Person;  
 (vii) the compensation and expenses of the Directors (excluding those directors who are directors, officers or employees of the
Adviser) and the cost of liability insurance to indemnify the Company s directors and officers;    (viii) interest and
fees and expenses arising out of borrowings made by the Company, including, but not limited to, costs associated with the establishment and maintenance of any of the Company s credit facilities, other financing arrangements, or other
indebtedness of the Company (including commitment fees, accounting fees, legal fees, closing and other similar costs) or any of the Company s securities offerings;  
 (ix) expenses connected with communications to holders of the Company s securities or securities of the Subsidiaries and
other bookkeeping and clerical work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of such securities and in complying with the continuous reporting and other requirements of governmental bodies or agencies, including, without limitation, all costs
of preparing and filing required reports with the SEC, the costs payable by the Company to any transfer agent and registrar, expenses in connection with the listing and/or trading of the Company s securities on any exchange, the fees payable by
the Company to any such exchange in connection with its listing, costs of preparing, printing and mailing the Company s annual report to the Stockholders and proxy materials with respect to any meeting of the Stockholders and any other reports
or related statements;    (x) the Company s allocable share of costs associated with technology-related expenses,
including without limitation, any computer software or hardware, electronic equipment or purchased information technology services from third-party vendors or Affiliates of the Adviser, technology service providers and related software/hardware
utilized in connection with the Company s investment and operational activities;    (xi) the Company s allocable
share of expenses incurred by managers, officers, personnel and agents of the Adviser for travel on the Company s behalf and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with the purchase, financing, refinancing, sale or other
disposition of an Investment;    (xii) expenses relating to compliance-related matters and regulatory filings relating to the
Company s activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and filing of Form PF, Form ADV, reports to be filed with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, reports, disclosures, and/or other regulatory
filings of the Adviser and its Affiliates relating to the Company s activities (including the Company s pro rata share of the costs of the Adviser and its Affiliates of regulatory expenses that relate to the Company and Other Blackstone
Accounts));    (xiii) the costs of any litigation involving the Company or the Operating Partnership or their assets and the
amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance and indemnification or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Company;  
 (xiv) all taxes and license fees;  
 (xv) all insurance costs incurred in connection with the operation of the Company s business except for the costs
attributable to the insurance that the Adviser elects to carry for itself and its personnel;    (xvi) expenses of managing,
improving, developing, operating and selling Investments, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Adviser or a non-Affiliated Person;  
 (xvii) expenses connected with the payments of interest, dividends or distributions in cash or any other form authorized or
caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the Company s securities, including, without limitation, in connection with any distribution reinvestment plan;  
 (xviii) any judgment or settlement of pending or threatened proceedings (whether civil, criminal or otherwise) against the
Company or the Operating Partnership, or against any Director or officer of the Company or in his or her capacity as such for which the Company is required to indemnify such Director or officer by any court or governmental agency; and  
 (xix) expenses incurred in connection with the formation, organization and continuation of any corporation, partnership, Joint
Venture or other entity through which the Company s investments are made or in which any such entity invests.    (d) The Adviser may,
at its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given period, which determination shall not be deemed to construe a waiver of reimbursement for similar expenses in future periods.  
      9  

(e) Any reimbursement payments owed by the Company to the Adviser may be offset by the Adviser
against amounts due to the Company from the Adviser. Cost and expense reimbursement to the Adviser shall be subject to adjustment at the end of each calendar year in connection with the annual audit of the Company.  
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser shall pay for all Organization and Offering Expenses (other than Selling Commissions and
Stockholder Servicing Fees) incurred prior to the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. All Organization and Offering Expenses (other than Selling Commissions and Stockholder Servicing Fees) paid by the Adviser pursuant to this
Section 11(f) shall be reimbursed by the Company to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first anniversary of the Commencement Date.  
 12.  OTHER SERVICES.  Should the Board request that the Adviser or any director, officer or employee thereof render services for the
Company and the Operating Partnership other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Adviser and the Independent Directors, subject to the limitations
contained in the Charter, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.    13.  REIMBURSEMENT TO THE
ADVISER.  Commencing upon the earlier to occur of four fiscal quarters after (i) the Corporation s acquisition of its first asset or (ii) six months after the Commencement Date, the Company shall not reimburse the Adviser at
the end of any fiscal quarter for Total Operating Expenses that in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended (the   Expense Year  ) exceed (the   Excess Amount  ) the greater of 2.0% of Average Invested Assets or
25.0% of Net Income (the   2%/25% Guidelines  ) for such four fiscal quarters unless the Independent Directors determine that such Excess Amount was justified, based on unusual and nonrecurring factors that the Independent Directors
deem sufficient. If the Independent Directors do not approve such Excess Amount as being so justified, the Adviser shall reimburse the Company the amount by which the Total Operating Expenses exceeded the 2%/25% Guidelines. If the Independent
Directors determine such Excess Amount was justified, then, within 60 days after the end of any fiscal quarter of the Company for which Total Operating Expenses for the Expense Year exceed the 2%/25% Guidelines, the Adviser, at the direction of
the Independent Directors, shall cause such fact to be disclosed to the Stockholders in writing (or the Company shall disclose such fact to the Stockholders in the next quarterly report of the Company or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 days of such quarter end), together with an explanation of the factors the Independent Directors considered in determining that such excess were justified. The Company will ensure that such
determination will be reflected in the minutes of the meetings of the Board. All figures used in the foregoing computation shall be determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis.  
 14.  NO JOINT VENTURE.  The Company and the Operating Partnership, on the one hand, and the Adviser on the other, are not partners
or joint venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them.  
 15.  TERM OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement shall continue in force for a period of one year from the Effective Date, subject to an
unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. It is the duty of the Board to evaluate the performance of the Adviser annually before renewing the Agreement, and each such renewal shall be for a term of no more
than one year.    16.  TERMINATION BY THE PARTIES.  This Agreement may be terminated (i) at the option of the Adviser
immediately upon a Change of Control of the Company or Operating Partnership; (ii) immediately by the Company or the Operating Partnership for Cause or upon the bankruptcy of the Adviser; or (iii) upon 60 days  written notice
without Cause or penalty by a majority vote of the Independent Directors; or (iv) upon 60 days  written notice by the Adviser. The provisions of Sections 18 through 22 survive termination of this Agreement.  
 17.  ASSIGNMENT TO AN AFFILIATE.  This Agreement may be assigned by the Adviser to an Affiliate of the Adviser with the approval of
a majority of the Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors). The Adviser may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the consent of the Board. This Agreement shall
not be assigned by the Company or the Operating Partnership without the approval of the Adviser, except in the case of an assignment by the Company or the Operating Partnership to a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all of
the assets, rights and obligations of the Company or the Operating Partnership, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Company and the Operating Partnership
are bound by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding on successors to the Company resulting from a Change in Control or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company or the Operating Partnership, and shall likewise be binding on
any successor to the Adviser.  
      10  

18.  PAYMENTS TO AND DUTIES OF ADVISER UPON TERMINATION .  
 (a) After the Termination Date, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled
to receive from the Company or the Operating Partnership within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this
Agreement, subject to the 2%/25% Guidelines to the extent applicable.    (b) The Adviser shall promptly upon termination:  
 (i) pay over to the Company and the Operating Partnership all money collected and held for the account of the Company and the
Operating Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled;  
 (ii) deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all
money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board;    (iii) deliver to
the Board all assets, including all Investments, and documents of the Company and the Operating Partnership then in the custody of the Adviser; and  
 (iv) cooperate with, and take all reasonable actions requested by, the Company and Board in making an orderly transition of the
advisory function.    19.  INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY AND THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP.  The Company and the Operating
Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless the Adviser and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder,
and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, to the extent such liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance, and to the fullest extent possible without such indemnification
being inconsistent with the laws of the State of Maryland, the Charter or the provisions of Section II.G of the NASAA REIT Guidelines.  
 20.  INDEMNIFICATION BY ADVISER.  The Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Operating Partnership from
contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys  fees, to the extent that (i) such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by
insurance and (ii) are incurred by reason of the Adviser s bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement;  provided ,  however , that the Adviser shall not be held
responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Adviser.    21.
 NON-SOLICITATION.  In the event of a termination without Cause of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 16(iii) hereof, for two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Company shall not, without the consent of the
Adviser, employ or otherwise retain any employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any person who has been employed by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates at any time within the two (2) year period immediately preceding the date on
which such person commences employment with or is otherwise retained by the Company. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Adviser may be entitled to equitable relief for any violation of this Section 21 by
the Company, including, without limitation, injunctive relief.  
      11  

22.  MISCELLANEOUS .  
 (a)   Notices  . Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless
some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Charter, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand, by courier or overnight carrier, by
registered or certified mail, by electronic mail or posted on a password protected website maintained by the Adviser and for which the Company has received access instructions by electronic mail, when posted, using the contact information set forth
herein:      

The Company: 
    
   Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue, 10th Floor   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer   Email:
paul.quinlan@blackstone.com   

with required copies to: 
    
   Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   425
Lexington Avenue   New York, New York 10017   Attention: Andrew
R. Keller   Email: akeller@stblaw.com   

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue, 10th Floor   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: Leon Volchyok   Email:
leon.volchyok@blackstone.com   

The Adviser: 
    
   BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.   c/o The Blackstone
Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor   New York, New York
10154   Attention: General Counsel   Email:
judy.turchin@blackstone.com   

with required copies to: 
    
   Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   425
Lexington Avenue   New York, New York 10017   Attention: Michael
Wolitzer   Email: mwolitzer@stblaw.com   

BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.   c/o The Blackstone
Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor   New York, New York
10154   Attention: Leon Volchyok   Email:
leon.volchyok@blackstone.com   
   Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the
purposes of this Section 22(a).    (b)   Modification  . This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or
discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees.  
 (c)   Severability  . The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be
affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.  
 (d)   Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction; Jury Trial  . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in Borough of Manhattan, New
York for purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is not
subject thereto or that such action,  
      12  

suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or
by such courts. Each of the parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.    (e)   Entire
Agreement  . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and
conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms
hereof.    (f)   Indulgences, Not Waivers  . Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right,
remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy,
power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective
unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.    (g)   Gender; Number  . Words used
herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires.  
 (h)   Headings  . The titles and headings of Sections and Subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they
neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof.    (i)   Execution in
Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.  
 23.  INITIAL INVESTMENT.  The Adviser or one of its Affiliates has contributed $200,000 (the   Initial Investment  )
in exchange for the initial issuance of Shares of the Company. The Adviser or its Affiliates may not sell any of the Shares purchased with the Initial Investment while the Adviser acts in an advisory capacity to the Company. The restrictions
included above shall not apply to any Shares acquired by the Adviser or its Affiliates other than the Shares acquired through the Initial Investment. Neither the Adviser nor its Affiliates shall vote any Shares they now own, or hereafter acquire, or
consent that such Shares be voted, on matters submitted to the Stockholders regarding (i) the removal of BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. as the Adviser; (ii) the removal of any member of the Board; or (iii) any transaction by and between the
Company and the Adviser, a member of the Board or any of their Affiliates.  
      13  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Advisory Agreement as of the date and
year first above written.       

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 President  

BREIT Operating Partnership L.P.  

By: 
   
   Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as 
 general partner   

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 President  

BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 5
 d464593dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT   
  OF      BREIT OPERATING
PARTNERSHIP L.P.      A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   
  August 25, 2016   

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

i  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    
 (continued)      

ii  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    
 (continued)      

iii  

TABLE OF CONTENTS    
 (continued)      

EXHIBITS    

EXHIBIT A    - 
    
 Partners, Capital Contributions, Units and Percentage Interests  

EXHIBIT B    -  
    
 Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right  
 
      iv  

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT   
  OF      BREIT OPERATING
PARTNERSHIP L.P.     This Limited Partnership Agreement (this  Agreement ) is entered into as of August 25, 2016, between
Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, as general partner (the  General Partner ) and as a Limited Partner, BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the  Special Limited
Partner ) and the Limited Partners party hereto from time to time.     RECITALS:   
 WHEREAS, BREIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the  Partnership ) was formed on August 5, 2016, as a limited partnership under the
laws of the State of Delaware and a certificate of limited partnership was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the  Certificate ).  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of mutual covenants between the parties hereto, and of other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:     ARTICLE 1   
   DEFINED TERMS    
  1.1.  Definitions  . The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings specified below:  
   Act   means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as it may be amended from time to time.  
   Additional Funds   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.  
   Additional Securities   means any additional REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares issued in connection with a redemption
pursuant to Section 8.5) or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, as set forth in Section 4.3(a)(iii).  
   Administrative Expenses   means (i) all administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership,
(ii) those administrative costs and expenses of the General Partner, including any salaries or other payments to directors, officers or employees of the General Partner, and any accounting and legal expenses of the General Partner, which
expenses are expenses of the Partnership and not the General Partner, and (iii) to the extent not included in clause (ii) above, REIT Expenses;  provided ,  however , that Administrative Expenses shall not include any
administrative costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner that are attributable to assets that are not owned directly or indirectly by the Partnership.  

Adviser   means the Person appointed, employed or contracted with by the General
Partner and the Partnership and responsible for directing or performing the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner and the Partnership, including any Person to whom the Adviser subcontracts all or substantially all of such functions.
     Advisory Agreement   means the agreement between the General Partner, the Partnership and the Adviser pursuant to which
the Adviser will direct or perform the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner and the Partnership.  
   Affiliate   means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding with
the power to vote 10% of more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person 10% or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such
other Person; (iii) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person, including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner; (iv) any executive officer, director,
trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (v) any legal entity for which such Person acts an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner.  
   Aggregate Share Ownership Limit   shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.  
   Agreed Value   means the fair market value of a Partner s non-cash Capital Contribution as of the date of contribution
as agreed to by such Partner and the General Partner. The Agreed Value of any non-cash Capital Contributions by a Partner as of the date of contribution are set forth on  Exhibit A .  
   Agreement   means this Limited Partnership Agreement, as amended, modified supplemented or restated from time to time, as the
context requires.      Applicable Percentage   has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(b).  
   Articles of Incorporation   means the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the General Partner filed with the
Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation on August 25, 2016, as further amended or supplemented from time to time.  
   Capital Account   has the meaning provided in Section 4.5.  
   Capital Contribution   means the total amount of cash, cash equivalents, and the Agreed Value of any Property or other asset
(other than cash or cash equivalents) contributed or agreed to be contributed, as the context requires, to the Partnership by each Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Any reference to the Capital Contribution of a Partner shall include
the Capital Contribution made by a predecessor holder of the Partnership Interest of such Partner.      Carrying Value  
means, with respect to any asset of the Partnership, the asset s adjusted net basis for federal income tax purposes or, in the case of any asset contributed to the Partnership, the fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution,
reduced by any amounts attributable to the inclusion of liabilities in basis pursuant to Section 752 of the Code,  
      2  

except that the Carrying Values of all assets may, at the discretion of the General Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective fair market values (as determined by the General Partner), in
accordance with the rules set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), as provided for in Section 4.5. In the case of any asset of the Partnership that has a Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted tax basis, the Carrying
Value shall be adjusted by the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization calculated for purposes of the definition of Profit and Loss rather than the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization determined for federal income tax
purposes.      Cash Amount   means an amount of cash per Partnership Unit equal to the applicable Redemption Price determined
by the General Partner.      Certificate   means any instrument or document that is required under the laws of the State of
Delaware, or any other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business, to be signed and sworn to by any of the Partners of the Partnership (either by themselves or pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted to the General Partner in
Section 8.2) and filed for recording in the appropriate public offices within the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction to perfect or maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership, to effect the admission, withdrawal, or substitution
of any Partner of the Partnership, or to protect the limited liability of the Limited Partners as limited partners under the laws of the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction.  
   Class   means a class of REIT Shares or Partnership Units, as the context may require.  
   Class D Conversion Rate   means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class D Unit
and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.      Class D REIT Shares   means the REIT
Shares referred to as  Class D  shares in the Prospectus.      Class D Unit   means a Partnership Unit entitling
the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class D Unit as provided in this Agreement.      Class I REIT Shares  
means the REIT Shares referred to as  Class I  shares in the Prospectus.      Class I Unit   means a Partnership
Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I Unit as provided in this Agreement.      Class S Conversion
Rate   means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class S Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.  
   Class S REIT Shares   means the REIT Shares referred to as  Class S  shares in the Prospectus.  
   Class S Unit   means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class S Unit as
provided in this Agreement.  
      3  

Class T Conversion Rate   means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net
Asset Value Per Unit for each Class T Unit and the denominator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.  
   Class T REIT Shares   means the REIT Shares referred to as  Class T  shares in the Prospectus.  
   Class T Unit   means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class T Unit as
provided in this Agreement.      Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as hereafter amended from
time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Code shall mean that provision in the Code at the date hereof and any successor provision of the Code.  
   Commission   means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  
   Common Share Ownership Limit   shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.  
   Director   shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.  
   Event of Bankruptcy   as to any Person means the filing of a petition for relief as to such Person as debtor or bankrupt
under the Bankruptcy Code of 1978 or similar provision of law of any jurisdiction (except if such petition is contested by such Person and has been dismissed within 90 days); insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person as finally determined by a court
proceeding; filing by such Person of a petition or application to accomplish the same or for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee for such Person or a substantial part of his assets; commencement of any proceedings relating to such Person as a
debtor under any other reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now in existence or hereinafter in effect, either by such Person or by another, provided that if such proceeding is
commenced by another, such Person indicates his approval of such proceeding, consents thereto or acquiesces therein, or such proceeding is contested by such Person and has not been finally dismissed within 90 days.  
   Excepted Holder Limit   shall have the meaning set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.  
   General Partner   means Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and any Person who becomes a
substitute or additional General Partner as provided herein, and any of their successors as General Partner, in such Person s capacity as a General Partner of the Partnership.  
   General Partnership Interest   means any Partnership Interest held by the General Partner, other than any Partnership
Interest it holds as a Limited Partner.      Hurdle Amount   for any period during a calendar year means that amount that
results in a 5% annualized internal rate of return on the Net Asset Value of the Partnership Units outstanding at the beginning of the then-current calendar year and all Partnership Units issued  
      4  

since the beginning of the then-current calendar year, taking into account the timing and amount of all distributions accrued or paid (without duplication) on all such Partnership Units and all
issuances of Partnership Units over the period and calculated in accordance with recognized industry practices. The ending Net Asset Value of the Partnership Units used in calculating the internal rate of return will be calculated before giving
effect to any allocation or accrual to the Performance Allocation and any applicable stockholder servicing fee expenses, provided that the calculation of the Hurdle Amount for any period will exclude any Partnership Units repurchased during such
period, which Partnership Units will be subject to the Performance Allocation upon such repurchase as described in Section 5.3(b).  
   Indemnitee   means (i) any Person made a party to a proceeding by reason of its status as the General Partner or a
director, officer or employee of the General Partner or the Partnership, (ii) the Adviser, (iii) the Special Limited Partner and (iv) such other Persons (including Affiliates of the General Partner or the Partnership) as the General
Partner may designate from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion.      Joint Venture   means any joint venture or
partnership arrangement (other than the Partnership) in which the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries is a co-venturer or partner established to acquire or hold assets of the Partnership.  
   Limited Partner   means the General Partner in its capacity as a Limited Partner, and any other Person identified as a
Limited Partner on  Exhibit A , upon the execution and delivery by such Person of an additional limited partner signature page, and any Person who becomes a Substitute Limited Partner, in such Person s capacity as a Limited Partner in
the Partnership.      Limited Partnership Interest   means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership at
any particular time, including the right of such Limited Partner to any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner may be entitled as provided in this Agreement and in the Act, together with the obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with
all the provisions of this Agreement and of such Act. A Limited Partnership Interest may be expressed as a number of Partnership Units.  
   Listing   means the listing of the shares of the General Partner s common stock on a national securities exchange. Upon
such Listing, the shares shall be deemed  Listed.       Loss   has the meaning provided in Section 5.1(g).
     Loss Carryforward Amount   shall initially equal zero and shall cumulatively increase by the absolute value of any
negative annual Total Return and decrease by any positive annual Total Return, provided that the Loss Carryforward Amount shall at no time be less than zero and provided further that the calculation of the Loss Carryforward Amount will exclude the
Total Return related to any Partnership Units repurchased during such year, which Partnership Units will be subject to the Performance Allocation upon such repurchase as described in Section 5.3(b).  
   Net Asset Value   means (i) for any Partnership Units, the net asset value of such Partnership Units, determined as of
the last business day of each month as described in the Prospectus and (ii) for any REIT Shares, the net asset value of such REIT Shares, determined as of the last business day of each month as described in the Prospectus.  
      5  

Net Asset Value Per Unit   means, for each Class of Partnership Unit, the net
asset value per unit of such Class of Partnership Unit, determined as of the last business day of each month as described in the Prospectus.  
   Net Asset Value Per REIT Share   means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the net asset value per share of such Class of REIT
Shares, determined as of the last business day of each month as described in the Prospectus.      Notice of Redemption  
means the Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right substantially in the form attached as  Exhibit B .      Offer  
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c).      Offering   means an offer and sale of REIT Shares to the public.  
   Partner   means any General Partner, Special Limited Partner or Limited Partner.  
   Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain   means an amount with respect to each Partner s nonrecourse debt (as defined in
U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) equal to the Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if such partner nonrecourse debt were treated as a nonrecourse liability (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations
Section 1.752-1(a)(2)) determined in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).  
   Partnership   means BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.  
   Partnership Interest   means an ownership interest in the Partnership held by a Limited Partner, the General Partner or the
Special Limited Partner and includes any and all benefits to which the holder of such a Partnership Interest may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of such Person to comply with the terms and provisions of this
Agreement.      Partnership Minimum Gain   has the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and
1.704-2(d).      Partnership Record Date   means the record date established by the General Partner for the distribution of
cash pursuant to Section 5.2, which record date shall be the same as the record date established by the General Partner for a distribution to its stockholders of some or all of its portion of such distribution.  
   Partnership Representative   has the meaning described in Section 10.5(a).  
   Partnership Unit   means a fractional, undivided share of the Partnership Interests (other than the General Partnership
Interest and the Special Limited Partnership Interest) of all Partners issued hereunder, including Class T Units, Class S Units, Class D Units and Class I Units. The allocation of Partnership Units of each Class among the Partners shall be as
set forth on  Exhibit A .  
      6  

Percentage Interest   means the percentage ownership interest in the Partnership
of each Partner, as determined by dividing the Partnership Units owned by a Partner by the total number of Partnership Units then outstanding. The Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on  Exhibit A .  
   Performance Allocation   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).  
   Person   means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified
under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of
Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other legal entity.      Profit   has the meaning provided in
Section 5.1(g) hereof.      Property   means any Real Property, Real Estate Securities or other investment in which the
Partnership holds an ownership interest.      Prospectus   means the prospectus included in the most recent effective
registration statement filed by the General Partner with the Commission with respect to the applicable Offering, as such prospectus may be amended or supplemented from time to time.  
   Real Estate Securities   means equity and debt securities of both publicly traded and private companies, including REITs and
pass-through entities, that own Real Property or loans secured by real estate, including investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities and derivative instruments, owned by the General Partner or the Partnership directly or indirectly through
one or more of its Affiliates.      Real Property   means land, rights in land (including leasehold interests) and any
buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment located on or used in connection with land and rights or interests in land.  
   Redemption Price   means the Value of the REIT Shares Amount as of the end of the Specified Redemption Date.
 Value  means, for any Class of REIT Shares: (i) if such Class of REIT Shares are Listed, the average closing price per share for the previous 30 trading days, or (ii) if such Class of REIT Shares are not Listed, the Net Asset
Value Per REIT Share for REIT Shares of that Class.      Redemption Right   has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a).
     Regulations   means the Federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended and as hereafter amended
from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Regulations shall mean that provision of the Regulations on the date hereof and any successor provision of the Regulations.  
      7  

Regulatory Allocations   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(h).  
   REIT   means a corporation, trust, association or other legal entity (other than a real estate syndication) that is engaged
primarily in investing in equity interests in real estate (including fee ownership and leasehold interests) or in loans secured by real estate or both as defined pursuant to Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and any successor or other provisions
of the Code relating to real estate investment trusts (including provisions as to the attribution of ownership of beneficial interests therein) and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  
   REIT Expenses   means (i) costs and expenses relating to the formation and continuity of existence and operation of the
General Partner and any Subsidiaries thereof (which Subsidiaries shall, for purposes of this defined term, be included within the definition of General Partner), including taxes, fees and assessments associated therewith, any and all costs, expenses
or fees payable to any director, officer, or employee of the General Partner or service providers to the General Partner (including service providers affiliated with the Adviser), (ii) costs and expenses relating to any public offering and
registration of securities by the General Partner and all filings, statements, reports, fees and expenses incidental thereto, including, without limitation, underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to any such offering of
securities, any stockholder servicing fees, and any costs and expenses associated with any claims made by any holders of such securities or any underwriters or placement agents thereof, (iii) costs and expenses associated with any repurchase of
any securities by the General Partner, (iv) costs and expenses associated with the preparation and filing of any periodic or other reports and communications by the General Partner under federal, state or local laws or regulations, including
filings with the Commission, (v) costs and expenses associated with compliance by the General Partner with laws, rules and regulations promulgated by any regulatory body, including the Commission and any securities exchange, (vi) the
management fee payable to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement and other fees and expenses payable to other services providers of the General Partner, (vii) costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner relating to any issuing or
redemption of Partnership Interests and/or REIT Shares, and (viii) all other operating or administrative costs of the General Partner incurred in the ordinary course of its business on behalf of or in connection with the Partnership.  
   REIT Share   means a common share of the General Partner (or successor entity, as the case may be), including Class T
REIT Shares, Class S REIT Shares, Class D REIT Shares and Class I REIT Shares.      REIT Shares Amount   means a number of
REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Class of Partnership Units offered for exchange by a Tendering Party equal to such number of Partnership Units; provided that in the event the General Partner issues to all holders of REIT Shares
rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities entitling the stockholders to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares, or any other securities or property (collectively, the  rights ), and the rights have not expired at
the Specified Redemption Date, then the REIT Shares Amount shall also include the rights issuable to a holder of the REIT Shares Amount of REIT Shares on the record date fixed for purposes of determining the holders of REIT Shares entitled to
rights.  
      8  

Related Party   means, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose
ownership of shares of the General Partner s capital stock would be attributed to the first such Person under Code Section 544 (as modified by Code Section 856(h)(1)(B)).  
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference
to any provision of the Securities Act shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time.  
   Service   means the United States Internal Revenue Service.  
   Special Limited Partner   means BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, which shall be a
limited partner of the Partnership and recognized as such under applicable Delaware law, but not a  Limited Partner  within the meaning of this Agreement (other than to the extent it owns Partnership Units).  
   Special Limited Partnership Interest   means the interest of the Special Limited Partner in the Partnership representing
solely its right as the holder of an interest in distributions described in Section 5.3 (and any corresponding allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction under this Agreement), and not any interest in Partnership Units it may own from time
to time.      Specified Redemption Date   means the first business day of the month following the month of the day that is
45 days after the receipt by the General Partner of the Notice of Redemption.      Subsidiary   means, with respect to
any Person, any corporation or other entity of which a majority of (i) the voting power of the voting equity securities or (ii) the outstanding equity interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.  
   Substitute Limited Partner   means any Person admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 9.3.
     Survivor   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d).  
   Tax Matters Partner   has the meaning described in Section 10.5(a).  
   Tendered Units   has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a).  
   Tendering Party   has the meaning provided in Section 8.5(a).  
   Total Return   for any period since the end of the prior calendar year shall equal the sum of: (i) all distributions
accrued or paid (without duplication) on the Partnership Units outstanding at the end of such period since the beginning of the then-current calendar year  plus  (ii) the change in aggregate Net Asset Value of such Partnership Units since
the beginning of such year, before giving effect to (x) changes resulting solely from the proceeds of issuances of Partnership Units, (y) any allocation or accrual to the Performance Allocation and (z) any applicable stockholder
servicing fee expenses (including any payments made to the General Partner for payment of such expenses). For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Total Return will (i) 
      9  

include any appreciation or depreciation in the Net Asset Value of Partnership Units issued during the then-current calendar year but (ii) exclude the proceeds from the initial issuance of
such Partnership Units.      Transfer   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a).  
  1.2.  Interpretation    .   The definitions in Section 1.1 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms
of the terms defined. Wherever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. For all purposes of this Agreement, the term  control  and variations thereof
shall mean possession of the authority to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the specified entity, through the direct or indirect ownership of equity interests therein, by contract or otherwise. As used in this
Agreement, the words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.  As used in this Agreement, the terms  herein,   hereof  and
 hereunder  shall refer to this Agreement in its entirety. Any references in this Agreement to  Sections  or  Articles  shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to Sections or Articles, respectively, in this
Agreement. Any references in this Agreement to an  Exhibit  shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to an Exhibit attached to this Agreement, as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. Each such Exhibit shall be deemed
incorporated in this Agreement in full.     ARTICLE 2   
   PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION    
  2.1.  Formation  . The Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to the Act and all other pertinent laws of the
State of Delaware, for the purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.     2.2.  Name, Office and Registered
Agent    .   The name of the Partnership is BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. The specified office and principal place of business of the Partnership shall be 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The General Partner may at any
time change the location of such office, provided the General Partner gives notice to the Partners of any such change. The name and address of the Partnership s registered agent is Intertrust Corporate Services Delaware Ltd., 200 Bellevue
Parkway, Suite 200, Bellevue Park Corporate Center, Wilmington, Delaware, 19809. The sole duty of the registered agent as such is to forward to the Partnership any notice that is served on him as registered agent.  
  2.3.  Partners  .  
 (a) The General Partner of the Partnership is Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation. Its principal place of
business is the same as that of the Partnership.    (b) The Limited Partners are the General Partner (in its capacity as Limited Partner)
and any other Persons identified as Limited Partners on  Exhibit A  hereto.    (c) The Special Limited Partner is BREIT Special
Limited Partner L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. Its principal place of business is the same as that of the Partnership.  
      10  

2.4.  Term and Dissolution  .  
 (a) The Partnership commenced upon the filing for record of the Certificate in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on August 5, 2016, and shall continue indefinitely, except that the Partnership shall be dissolved upon the first to occur of any of the following events:  
 (i) The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a General Partner or the dissolution, death, removal or withdrawal of a
General Partner unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b); provided that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the dissolution of such General Partner as a result of the
dissolution, death, withdrawal, removal or Event of Bankruptcy of a partner in such partnership shall not be an event of dissolution of the Partnership if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners, either
alone or with additional partners, and such General Partner and such partners comply with any other applicable requirements of this Agreement;  
 (ii) The passage of 90 days after the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Partnership (provided that if the Partnership receives an installment obligation as consideration for such sale or other disposition, the Partnership shall continue, unless sooner dissolved under the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as
such note or notes are paid in full); or    (iii) The election by the General Partner that the Partnership should be
dissolved.    (b) Upon dissolution of the Partnership (unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b)),
the General Partner (or its trustee, receiver, successor or legal representative) shall amend or cancel any Certificate(s) and liquidate the Partnership s assets and apply and distribute the proceeds thereof in accordance with Section 5.7.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the liquidating General Partner may either (i) defer liquidation of, or withhold from distribution for a reasonable time, any assets of the Partnership (including those necessary to satisfy the Partnership s
debts and obligations), or (ii) distribute the assets to the Partners in kind.     2.5.  Filing of Certificate and Perfection of
Limited Partnership    .   The General Partner shall execute, acknowledge, record and file at the expense of the Partnership, any and all amendments to the Certificate(s) and all requisite fictitious name statements and notices in
such places and jurisdictions as may be necessary to cause the Partnership to be treated as a limited partnership under, and otherwise to comply with, the laws of each state or other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business.  
  2.6.  Certificates Representing Partnership Units  . At the request of a Limited Partner, the General Partner, at its option, may
issue (but in no way is obligated to issue) a  
      11  

certificate specifying the number and Class of Partnership Units owned by the Limited Partner as of the date of such certificate. Any such certificate (i) shall be in form and substance as
approved by the General Partner, (ii) shall not be negotiable and (iii) shall bear a legend to the following effect:    This
certificate is not negotiable. The Partnership Units represented by this certificate are governed by and transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Limited Partnership Agreement of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., as amended from
time to time.     ARTICLE 3   
   BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP    
 The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership is (i) to conduct any business that may be lawfully conducted
by a limited partnership organized pursuant to the Act, provided, however, that such business shall be limited to and conducted in such a manner as to permit the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT, and in a manner such that the
General Partner will not be subject to any taxes under Section 857 or 4981 of the Code (to the extent the General Partner determines not being subject to such taxes is desirable), unless the General Partner otherwise ceases to qualify as a
REIT, (ii) to enter into any partnership, joint venture or other similar arrangement to engage in any of the foregoing or the ownership of interests in any entity engaged in any of the foregoing and (iii) to do anything necessary or
incidental to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Partners agree that the General Partner may terminate its status as a REIT under the Code at any time to the full extent permitted under the Articles of Incorporation. The
General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall also be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a  publicly traded partnership  for purposes of
Section 7704 of the Code.     ARTICLE 4   
   CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS    
  4.1.  Capital Contributions  . The General Partner and the Limited Partners have made capital contributions to the Partnership in
exchange for the Partnership Interests set forth opposite their names on  Exhibit A . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may keep  Exhibit A  current through separate revisions to the books and records of the
Partnership that reflect periodic changes to the capital contributions made by the Partners and redemptions and other purchases of Partnership Units by the Partnership, and corresponding changes to the Partnership Interests of the Partners, without
preparing a formal amendment to this Agreement.     4.2.  Class T Units, Class S Units, Class D Units and Class I Units  . The
General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units designated as Class T Units, Class S Units, Class D Units and Class I Units. Each such Class shall have the rights and obligations attributed to that Class
under this Agreement.  
      12  

4.3.  Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership
Interests  . Except as provided in this Section 4.3 or in Section 4.4, the Partners shall have no right or obligation to make any additional Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership. The General Partner may contribute
additional capital to the Partnership, from time to time, and receive additional Partnership Interests in respect thereof, in the manner contemplated in this Section 4.3.  
 (a)   Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests  .  
 (i)   General  . The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue such additional
Partnership Interests in the form of Partnership Units for any Partnership purpose at any time or from time to time to the Partners (including the General Partner) or to other Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as shall
be established by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, all without the approval of any Limited Partners, including but not limited to, Partnership Units issued in connection with the issuance of REIT Shares of or other interests
in the General Partner, Class I Units issued to the Special Limited Partner with respect to payments made pursuant to the Performance Allocation, Class I Units issued to the Adviser as a management fee pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and
Partnership Units issued in connection with acquisitions of properties. Any additional Partnership Interests issued thereby may be issued in one or more classes (including the Classes specified in this Agreement or any other Classes), or one or more
series of any of such classes, with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties, including rights, powers and duties senior to Limited Partnership Interests, all as shall be
determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner, subject to Delaware law, including, without limitation, (i) the allocations of items of Partnership income, gain, loss,
deduction and credit to each such class or series of Partnership Interests; (ii) the right of each such class or series of Partnership Interests to share in Partnership distributions; and (iii) the rights of each such class or series of
Partnership Interests upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; provided, however, that no additional Partnership Interests shall be issued to the General Partner unless:  
 (1) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in connection with an issuance of Additional Securities by the General
Partner in accordance with Section 4.3(a)(iii);    (2) the additional Partnership Interests are issued in exchange for
property owned by the General Partner with a fair market value, as determined by the General Partner, in good faith, equal to the value of the Partnership Interests; or  
 (3) the additional Partnership Interests are issued to all Partners holding Partnership Units in proportion to their respective
Percentage Interests.    Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to cause the Partnership
to issue Partnership Units for less than fair market value, so long as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership.  
      13  

(ii)   Adjustment Events  . In the event the General Partner
(i) declares or pays a dividend on any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares or makes a distribution to all holders of any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares, (ii) subdivides any Class of its outstanding REIT
Shares, or (iii) combines any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares into a smaller number of REIT Shares with respect to any Class of REIT Shares, then a corresponding adjustment to the number of outstanding Partnership Units of the applicable
Class necessary to maintain the proportionate relationship between the number of outstanding Partnership Units of such Class to the number of outstanding REIT Shares of such Class shall automatically be made. Additionally, in the event that any
other entity shall become General Partner pursuant to any merger, consolidation or combination of the General Partner with or into another entity (the  Successor Entity ), the number of outstanding Partnership Units of each Class shall be
adjusted by multiplying such number by the number of shares of the Successor Entity into which one REIT Share of such Class is converted pursuant to such merger, consolidation or combination, determined as of the date of such merger, consolidation
or combination. Any adjustment to the number of outstanding Partnership Units of any Class shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any, for such event; provided, however, that if
the General Partner receives a Notice of Redemption after the record date, but prior to the effective date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination, or such merger, consolidation or combination, the number of outstanding
Partnership Units of any Class shall be determined as if the General Partner had received the Notice of Redemption immediately prior to the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination or such merger, consolidation or
combination. If the General Partner takes any other action affecting the REIT Shares other than actions specifically described above and, in the opinion of the General Partner such action would require an adjustment to the number of Partnership
Units to maintain the proportionate relationship between the number of outstanding Partnership Units to the number of outstanding REIT Shares, the General Partner shall have the right to make such adjustment to the number of Partnership Units, to
the extent permitted by law, in such manner and at such time as the General Partner, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate under the circumstances.  
 (iii)   Upon Issuance of Additional Securities  . Upon the issuance by the General Partner of any Additional
Securities (including pursuant to the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan) other than to all holders of REIT Shares, the General Partner shall contribute any net proceeds from the issuance of such Additional Securities and from any
exercise of rights contained in such Additional Securities, directly and through the General Partner, to the Partnership in return for, as the General Partner may designate, Partnership Interests or rights, options, warrants or convertible or
exchangeable securities of the Partnership having designations, preferences and other rights such that their economic interests are substantially similar to those of the Additional Securities;  provided, however , that the General Partner is
allowed to issue Additional Securities in connection with an acquisition of assets that would not be owned  
      14  

directly or indirectly by the Partnership, but if and only if, such acquisition and issuance of Additional Securities have been approved and determined to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the General Partner and the Partnership;  provided further , that the General Partner is allowed to use net proceeds from the issuance and sale of such Additional Securities to repurchase REIT Shares pursuant to a share repurchase
plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to issue Additional Securities for less than fair market value, and to cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner corresponding Partnership Interests, so
long as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership. Without limiting the foregoing, if the General Partner issues REIT Shares of any Class for a cash purchase
price and contributes all of the net proceeds of such issuance to the Partnership as required hereunder, the General Partner shall be issued a number of additional Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares equal
to the number of such REIT Shares of that Class issued by the General Partner the proceeds of which were so contributed.    (b)
  Certain Deemed Contributions of Proceeds of Issuance of REIT Shares  . In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares, to the extent that the General Partner shall make Capital Contributions to the Partnership of the proceeds
therefrom, if the proceeds actually received and contributed by the General Partner in respect of the REIT Shares the proceeds of which were so contributed are less than the gross proceeds of such issuance as a result of any underwriter s
discount or other expenses paid or incurred in connection with such issuance, then the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of the gross proceeds of such issuance and the
Partnership shall be deemed simultaneously to have paid such offering expenses in accordance with Section 6.5 and in connection with the required issuance of additional Partnership Units to the General Partner for such Capital Contributions
pursuant to Section 4.3(a). In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares pursuant to the General Partner s distribution reinvestment plan, the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership
in the aggregate amount of the distributions that have been reinvested in respect of the REIT Shares issued by the General Partner in return for an equal number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares.  
  4.4.  Additional Funding  . If the General Partner determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership to provide for
additional Partnership funds ( Additional Funds ) for any Partnership purpose, the General Partner may (i) cause the Partnership to obtain such funds from outside borrowings, (ii) elect to have the General Partner or any of its
Affiliates provide such Additional Funds to the Partnership through loans, purchase of additional Partnership Interests or otherwise (which the General Partner or such Affiliates will have the option, but not the obligation, of providing) or
(iii) cause the Partnership to issue additional Partnership Interests and admit additional Limited Partners to the Partnership in accordance with Section 4.3.  
  4.5.  Capital Accounts  . A separate capital account (a  Capital Account ) shall be established and maintained for each
Partner in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) and a Partner shall have a single Capital Account with respect to all Partnership Interests held by such Partner. If (i) a new or existing Partner acquires an additional
Partnership Interest in exchange for more than a  de minimis  Capital Contribution, (ii) the Partnership  
      15  

distributes to a Partner more than a  de minimis  amount of Partnership property or money as consideration for a Partnership Interest, (iii) the Partnership is liquidated within the
meaning of Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), or (iv) the Partnership grants a Partnership Interest (other than a  de minimis  interest) as consideration for the provision of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership,
the General Partner may revalue the property of the Partnership to its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) in accordance with
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f). When the Partnership s property is revalued by the General Partner, the Capital Accounts of the Partners shall be adjusted in accordance with Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and (g),
which generally require such Capital Accounts to be adjusted to reflect the manner in which the unrealized gain or loss inherent in such property (that has not been reflected in the Capital Accounts previously) would be allocated among the Partners
pursuant to Section 5.1 if there were a taxable disposition of such property for its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) on the
date of the revaluation.     4.6.  Percentage Interests  . If the number of outstanding Partnership Units increases or decreases
during a taxable year, each Partner s Percentage Interest shall be adjusted by the General Partner effective as of the effective date of each such increase or decrease to a percentage equal to the number of Partnership Units held by such
Partner divided by the aggregate number of Partnership Units outstanding after giving effect to such increase or decrease. If the Partners  Percentage Interests are adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.6, the Profits and Losses for the
taxable year in which the adjustment occurs shall be allocated between the part of the year ending on the day when the adjustment occurs and the part of the year beginning on the following day either (i) as if the taxable year had ended on the
date of the adjustment or (ii) based on the number of days in each part. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate Profits and Losses for the taxable year in which the
adjustment occurs. The allocation of Profits and Losses for the earlier part of the year shall be based on the Percentage Interests before adjustment, and the allocation of Profits and Losses for the later part shall be based on the adjusted
Percentage Interests.     4.7.  No Interest on Contributions  . No Partner shall be entitled to interest on its Capital
Contribution.     4.8.  Return of Capital Contributions  . No Partner shall be entitled to withdraw any part of its Capital
Contribution or its Capital Account or to receive any distribution from the Partnership, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, there shall be no obligation to return to any Partner or withdrawn
Partner any part of such Partner s Capital Contribution for so long as the Partnership continues in existence.     4.9.  No Third
Party Beneficiary  . No creditor or other third party having dealings with the Partnership shall have the right to enforce the right or obligation of any Partner to make Capital Contributions or loans or to pursue any other right or remedy
hereunder or at law or in equity, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of, and may be enforced solely by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. None of the
rights or obligations of the Partners herein set forth to make Capital  
      16  

Contributions or loans to the Partnership shall be deemed an asset of the Partnership for any purpose by any creditor or other third party, nor may such rights or obligations be sold, transferred
or assigned by the Partnership or pledged or encumbered by the Partnership to secure any debt or other obligation of the Partnership or of any of the Partners. In addition, it is the intent of the parties hereto that no distribution to any Limited
Partner shall be deemed a return of money or other property in violation of the Act. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any Limited Partner is obligated to return such money
or property, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Limited Partner and not of the General Partner. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a deficit Capital Account of a Partner shall not be deemed to be a liability of such
Partner nor an asset or property of the Partnership.     ARTICLE 5   
   PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS    
  5.1.  Allocation of Profit and Loss  .  
 (a)   General Partner Gross Income Allocation  . There shall be specially allocated to the General Partner an amount of
(i) first, items of Partnership income and (ii) second, items of Partnership gain during each fiscal year or other applicable period, before any other allocations are made hereunder, in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the
cumulative reimbursements made to the General Partner under Section 6.5(b) (other than reimbursements which would properly be treated as  guaranteed payments  or which are attributable to the reimbursement of expenses which would
properly be either deductible by the Partnership or added to the tax basis of any Partnership asset) over the cumulative allocations of Partnership income and gain to the General Partner under this Section 5.1(a).  
 (b)   General Allocations  . The items of Profit and Loss of the Partnership for each fiscal year or other applicable period, other
than any items allocated under Section 5.1(a), shall be allocated among the Partners in a manner that will, as nearly as possible (after giving effect to the allocations under Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(d), 5.1(e), 5.1(h) and 5.3) cause
the Capital Account balance of each Partner at the end of such fiscal year or other applicable period to equal (i) the amount of the hypothetical distribution that such Partner would receive if the Partnership were liquidated on the last day of
such period and all assets of the Partnership, including cash, were sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, taking into account any adjustments thereto for such period, all liabilities of the Partnership were satisfied in full in cash
according to their terms (limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Carrying Value of the assets securing such liability) and the remaining cash proceeds (after satisfaction of such liabilities) were distributed in full pursuant to
Section 5.2, minus (ii) the sum of such Partner s share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain and the amount, if any and without duplication, that the Partner would be obligated to contribute to the
capital of the Partnership, all computed as of the date of the hypothetical sale of assets .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may make such allocations as it deems reasonably necessary to give economic effect to the
provisions of this Agreement, taking into account facts and circumstances as the General Partner deems reasonably necessary for this purpose.  
      17  

(c)   Regulatory Allocations  . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:
   (i)   Minimum Gain Chargeback  . If there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain or Partner Nonrecourse
Debt Minimum Gain (determined in accordance with the principles of U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(d) and 1.704-2(i)) during any Partnership taxable year, the Partners shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain for
such year (and, if necessary, subsequent years) in an amount equal to their respective shares of such net decrease during such year, determined pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5). The items to be so allocated
shall be determined in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f). This Section 5.1(c)(i) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirements in such U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections and shall be
interpreted consistently therewith; including that no chargeback shall be required to the extent of the exceptions provided in U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(f) and 1.704-2(i)(4).  
 (ii)   Qualified Income Offset  . If any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions
described in U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6), items of Partnership income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate the deficit Capital
Account balance created by such adjustments, allocations or distributions as promptly as possible; provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 5.1(c)(ii) shall be made only to the extent that a Partner would have a deficit Capital
Account balance in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this IV have been tentatively made as if this Section 5.1(c)(ii) were not in this Agreement. This Section 5.1(c)(ii) is intended to comply with the
 qualified income offset  requirement of the Code and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.    (iii)
  Gross Income Allocation  . If one or more Partners has a deficit Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year that is in excess of the sum of (i) the amount each such Partner is obligated to restore, if any, pursuant to any
provision of this Partnership Agreement, and (ii) the amount each such Partner is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), each such Partner
shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible (in proportion to the amount of such deficit); provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 5.1(c)(iii) shall be made
only if and to the extent that a Partner would have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Article 5 have been tentatively made as if Section 5.1(c)(ii) and this Section 5.1(c)(iii)
were not in this Partnership Agreement.    (iv)   Payee Allocation  . If any payment to any person that is treated
by the Partnership as the payment of an expense is recharacterized by a taxing authority as a Partnership distribution to the payee as a partner, such payee shall be specially allocated, in the manner determined by the General Partner, an amount of
Partnership gross income and gain as quickly as possible equal to the amount of the distribution.  
      18  

(v)   Nonrecourse Deductions  . Nonrecourse Deductions shall be
allocated pro rata based on the number of Partnership Units held by each Partner.   Partner Nonrecourse Deductions   has the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2).  
 (vi)   Partner Nonrecourse Deductions  . Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated to
the Partner who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(j).   Partner Nonrecourse
Deductions   has the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2).    (vii) Any special
allocations of income or gain pursuant to Section 5.1(c)(ii) or Section 5.1(c)(iii) hereof shall be taken into account in computing subsequent allocations pursuant to Section 5.1(b) and this Section 5.1(c)(viii), so that the net
amount of any items so allocated and all other items allocated to each Partner shall, to the extent possible, be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to each Partner if such allocations pursuant to Section 5.1(c)(ii) or
Section 5.1(c)(iii) had not occurred.    (d)   Allocations Between Transferor and Transferee .  If a Partner transfers any
part or all of its Partnership Interest, the distributive shares of the various items of Profit and Loss allocable among the Partners during such fiscal year of the Partnership shall be allocated between the transferor and the transferee Partner
either (i) as if the Partnership s fiscal year had ended on the date of the transfer, or (ii) based on the number of days of such fiscal year that each was a Partner without regard to the results of Partnership activities in the
respective portions of such fiscal year in which the transferor and the transferee were Partners. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate the distributive shares of the various
items of Profit and Loss between the transferor and the transferee Partner.    (e)   Definition of Profit and Loss . 
 Profit  and  Loss  and any items of income, gain, expense, or loss referred to in this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the accounting method used by the Partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the
following adjustments: (i) all items of income, gain, loss or deduction allocated pursuant to Sections 5.1(c)(i) through (iii) shall not be taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss; (ii) any income of the
Partnership that is exempt from U.S. federal income taxation and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit and Loss shall be added to such taxable income or loss; (iii) if the Carrying Value of any asset differs from its adjusted tax
basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any depreciation, amortization, gain or loss resulting from a disposition of such asset shall be calculated with reference to such Carrying Value; (iv) upon an adjustment to the Carrying Value of any
asset pursuant to the definition of Carrying Value (other than an adjustment in respect of depreciation, amortization or cost recovery deductions), the amount of the adjustment shall be included as gain or loss in computing such taxable income or
loss; (v) if the Carrying Value of any asset differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of depreciation, amortization or cost recovery deductions with respect to such asset for purposes of Profit and
Loss shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such Carrying Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other  
      19  

cost recovery deductions bears to such adjusted tax basis (provided that if the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction is zero, the Partners may use
any reasonable method for purposes of determining depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deductions in calculating Profit and Loss; and (vi) except for items in (i) above, any expenditures of the Partnership not deductible in
computing taxable income or loss, not properly capitalizable and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit and Loss pursuant to this definition shall be treated as deductible items.  
 (f)   Tax Allocations.   All items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Partnership shall be allocated among the
Partners for federal, state and local income tax purposes consistent with the manner that the corresponding constituent items of Profit and Loss shall be allocated among the Partners pursuant to this Partnership Agreement in the manner determined by
the General Partner, except as may otherwise be provided herein or by the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may make such allocations as it deems reasonably necessary to give economic effect to the provisions of this
Agreement, taking into account facts and circumstances as the General Partner deems reasonably necessary for this purpose.    (g)
  Curative Allocations .  The allocations set forth in Section 5.1(c) of this Agreement (the  Regulatory Allocations ) are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. The General Partner is authorized to
offset all Regulatory Allocations either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 5.1(g). Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision
of this Section 5.1 (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the General Partner shall make such offsetting special allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it deems appropriate so that, after such
offsetting allocations are made, each Partner s Capital Account is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Partner would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement and all Partnership items
were allocated pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) and (b).     5.2.    Distribution of Cash  .  
 (a) The Partnership shall distribute cash on a quarterly (or, at the election of the General Partner, more or less frequently) basis, in an
amount determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, to the Partners who are Partners on the Partnership Record Date with respect to such quarter (or other distribution period) in accordance with Section 5.2(b). The
Partnership shall be deemed to have distributed cash to the General Partner in an amount equal to the amount of distributions by the General Partner that are reinvested in REIT Shares issued by the General Partner pursuant to the General
Partner s distribution reinvestment plan, and the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of such distributions in return for an equal number of Partnership Units having the
same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares.    (b) Except for distributions pursuant to Section 5.6 in connection with the
dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership and subject to the provisions of Sections 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.2(e), 5.3 and 5.4, all distributions of cash (including any deemed distributions pursuant to Section 5.2(a)) shall be made to the
Partners in amounts proportionate to the aggregate Net Asset Value  
      20  

of the Partnership Units held by the respective Partners on the Partnership Record Date, except that the amount distributed per Partnership Unit of any Class may differ from the amount per
Partnership Unit of another Class on account of differences in Class-specific expense allocations with respect to REIT Shares as described in the Prospectus or for other reasons as determined by the Board of Directors of the General Partner. Any
such differences shall correspond to differences in the amount of distributions per REIT Share for REIT Shares of different Classes, with the same adjustments being made to the amount of distributions per Partnership Unit for Partnership Units of a
particular Class as are made to the distributions per REIT Share by the General Partner with respect to REIT Shares having the same Class designation.  
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Advisory Agreement has not been terminated (including by means of non-renewal), the Special
Limited Partner shall be entitled to a distribution (the  Performance Allocation ), promptly following the end of each year (which shall accrue on a monthly basis) in an amount equal to:  
 (i)  First , if the Total Return for the applicable period exceeds the sum of (i) the Hurdle Amount for that period
and (ii) the Loss Carryforward Amount (any such excess,  Excess Profits ), 100% of such Excess Profits until the total amount allocated to the Special Limited Partner equals 12.5% of the sum of (x) the Hurdle Amount for that
period and (y) any amount allocated to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to this clause; and    (ii)  Second ,
to the extent there are remaining Excess Profits, 12.5% of such remaining Excess Profits.    Any amount by which Total Return falls below
the Hurdle Amount and that does not constitute Loss Carryforward Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods.    With respect
to all Partnership Units that are repurchased at the end of any month in connection with repurchases of REIT Shares pursuant to the General Partner s share repurchase plan, the Special Limited Partner shall be entitled to such Performance
Allocation in an amount calculated as described above calculated in respect of the portion of the year for which such Partnership Units were outstanding, and proceeds for any such Partnership Unit repurchase will be reduced by the amount of any such
Performance Allocation.    Distributions on the Performance Allocation may be payable in cash or Class I Units at the election of the
Special Limited Partner. If the Special Limited Partner elects to receive such distributions in Class I Units, the Special Limited Partner will receive the number of Class I Units that results from dividing the Performance Allocation by the Net
Asset Value per Class I Unit at the time of such distribution. If the Special Limited Partner elects to receive such distributions in Class I Units, the Special Limited Partner may request the Partnership to redeem such Class I Units from the
Special Limited Partner at any time thereafter pursuant to Section 8.5.    The measurement of the change in Net Asset Value Per Unit
for the purpose of calculating the Total Return is subject to adjustment by the Board of Directors of the General Partner to account for any dividend, split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the
 
      21  

Partnership s capital structure or any distributions that the Board of Directors of the General Partner deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the
Partnership s net assets.    The Special Limited Partner will not be obligated to return any portion of the Performance Allocation paid
due to the subsequent performance of the Partnership.    In the event the Advisory Agreement is terminated (including by means of
non-renewal), the Special Limited Partner will be allocated any accrued Performance Allocation with respect to all Partnership Units as of the date of such termination.  
 (d) To the extent the Partnership is required by law to withhold or to make tax payments (including interest and penalties thereon) on behalf
of or with respect to any Partner ( Tax Advances ), the General Partner may withhold such amounts and make such tax payments as so required. All Tax Advances made on behalf of a Partner shall, at the option of the General Partner,
(i) be promptly paid to the Partnership by the Partner on whose behalf such Tax Advances were made or (ii) be repaid by reducing the amount of the current or next succeeding distribution or distributions which would otherwise have been
made to such Partner or, if such distributions are not sufficient for that purpose, by so reducing the proceeds of liquidation otherwise payable to such Partner. Whenever the General Partner selects the option set forth in clause (ii) of the
immediately preceding sentence for repayment of a Tax Advance by a Partner, for all other purposes of this Partnership Agreement such Partner shall be treated as having received all distributions unreduced by the amount of such Tax Advance. Each
Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and the General Partner and any member or officer of the General Partner from and against any liability with respect to Tax Advances required on behalf of or with respect to such
Partner. Each Partner shall furnish the General Partner with such information, forms and certifications as it may require and as are necessary to comply with the regulations governing the obligations of withholding tax agents, as well as such
information, forms and certifications as are necessary with respect to any withholding taxes imposed by countries other than the United States and represents and warrants that the information and forms furnished by it shall be true and accurate in
all respects. The amount of any taxes paid by or withheld from receipts of the Partnership (or any investment in which the Partnership invests that is treated as a flow-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) allocable to a Partner from
an Investment shall be deemed to have been distributed to each Partner to the extent that the payment or withholding of such taxes reduced distribution proceeds otherwise distributable to such Partner as provided herein.  
 (e) In no event may a Partner receive a distribution of cash with respect to a Partnership Unit if such Partner is entitled to receive a cash
distribution as the holder of record of a REIT Share for which all or part of such Partnership Unit has been or will be exchanged.  
  5.3.  REIT Distribution Requirements  . The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership
to distribute amounts sufficient to enable the General Partner to make stockholder distributions that will allow the General Partner to (i) meet its distribution requirement for qualification as a REIT as set forth in Section 857 of the
Code and (ii) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability imposed by the Code.  
      22  

5.4.  No Right to Distributions in Kind    .   No Partner shall be entitled
to demand property other than cash in connection with any distributions by the Partnership.     5.5.  Limitations on Return of Capital
Contributions  . Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Article 5, no Partner shall have the right to receive and the General Partner shall not have the right to make, a distribution that includes a return of all or part of a
Partner s Capital Contributions, unless after giving effect to the return of a Capital Contribution, the sum of all Partnership liabilities, other than the liabilities to a Partner for the return of his Capital Contribution, does not exceed the
fair market value of the Partnership s assets.     5.6.  Distributions Upon Liquidation  . Immediately before liquidation of
the Partnership, Class T Units will automatically convert to Class I Units at the Class T Conversion Rate, Class S Units will automatically convert to Class I Units at the Class S Conversion Rate and Class D Units will automatically convert to Class
I Units at the Class D Conversion Rate. Upon liquidation of the Partnership, after payment of, or adequate provision for, debts and obligations of the Partnership, including any Partner loans, and after payment of any accrued Performance Allocation
to the Special Limited Partner, any remaining assets of the Partnership shall be distributed to each holder of Class I Units, ratably with each other holder of Class I Units, which will include all converted Class T Units, Class S Units and Class D
Units, in such proportion as the number of outstanding Class I Units held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding Class I Units then outstanding.  
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount by which the value, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, of
any property other than cash to be distributed in kind to the Partners exceeds or is less than the Carrying Value of such property shall, to the extent not otherwise recognized by the Partnership, be taken into account in computing Profit and Loss
of the Partnership for purposes of crediting or charging the Capital Accounts of, and distributing proceeds to, the Partners, pursuant to this Agreement.  
 To the extent deemed advisable by the General Partner, appropriate arrangements (including the use of a liquidating trust) may be made to
assure that adequate funds are available to pay any contingent debts or obligations.     5.7.  Substantial Economic Effect  . It
is the intent of the Partners that the allocations of Profit and Loss under this Agreement have substantial economic effect (or be consistent with the Partners  interests in the Partnership in the case of the allocation of losses attributable
to nonrecourse debt) within the meaning of Section 704(b) of the Code as interpreted by the Regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. Article 5 and other relevant provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent
with such intent.  
      23  

ARTICLE 6   
   RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND    
   POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER    
  6.1.  Management of the Partnership  .  
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have full, complete and exclusive discretion to manage
and control the business of the Partnership for the purposes herein stated, and shall make all decisions affecting the business and assets of the Partnership. Subject to the restrictions specifically contained in this Agreement and without limiting
any powers of the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the powers of the General Partner shall include, without limitation, the authority to take the following actions on behalf of the Partnership:  
 (i) to acquire, purchase, own, operate, lease and dispose of any Property;  
 (ii) to construct buildings and make other improvements on the properties owned or leased by the Partnership;  
 (iii) to authorize, issue, sell, redeem or otherwise purchase any Partnership Interests or any securities (including secured
and unsecured debt obligations of the Partnership, debt obligations of the Partnership convertible into any class or series of Partnership Interests, or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to any Partnership Interests) of the
Partnership;    (iv) to borrow or lend money for the Partnership, issue or receive evidences of indebtedness in connection
therewith, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such indebtedness, and secure such indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s
assets;    (v) to pay, either directly or by reimbursement, for all operating costs and general administrative expenses of
the Partnership to third parties or to the General Partner or its Affiliates as set forth in this Agreement;    (vi) to
guarantee or become a co-maker of indebtedness of the General Partner or any Subsidiary thereof, refinance, increase the amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such guarantee or indebtedness, and
secure such guarantee or indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnership s assets;  
 (vii) to use assets of the Partnership (including, without limitation, cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with this
Agreement, including, without limitation, payment, either directly or by reimbursement, of all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the General Partner, the Partnership or any Subsidiary of either, to third parties or to the
General Partner as set forth in this Agreement;  
      24  

(viii) to lease all or any portion of any of the Partnership s assets,
whether or not any portion of the Partnership s assets so leased are to be occupied by the lessee, or, in turn, subleased in whole or in part to others, for such consideration and on such terms as the General Partner may determine;  
 (ix) to prosecute, defend, arbitrate, or compromise any and all claims or liabilities in favor of or against the Partnership,
on such terms and in such manner as the General Partner may reasonably determine, and similarly to prosecute, settle or defend litigation with respect to the Partners, the Partnership, or the Partnership s assets;  
 (x) to file applications, communicate, and otherwise deal with any and all governmental agencies having jurisdiction over, or
in any way affecting, the Partnership s assets or any other aspect of the Partnership business;    (xi) to make or
revoke any election permitted or required of the Partnership by any taxing authority;    (xii) to maintain such insurance
coverage for public liability, fire and casualty, and any and all other insurance for the protection of the Partnership, for the conservation of Partnership assets, or for any other purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership, in such
amounts and such types, as the General Partner shall determine from time to time;    (xiii) to determine whether or not to
apply any insurance proceeds for any property to the restoration of such property or to distribute the same;    (xiv) to
establish one or more divisions of the Partnership, to hire and dismiss employees of the Partnership or any division of the Partnership, and to retain legal counsel, accountants, consultants, real estate brokers, and such other persons, as the
General Partner may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with the Partnership business and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper;  
 (xv) to retain other services of any kind or nature in connection with the Partnership business, and to pay therefor such
remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable and proper;    (xvi) to negotiate and conclude agreements on behalf
of the Partnership with respect to any of the rights, powers and authority conferred upon the General Partner;    (xvii) to
maintain accurate accounting records and to file all federal, state and local income tax returns on behalf of the Partnership;  
 (xviii) to distribute Partnership cash or other Partnership assets in accordance with this Agreement;  
 (xix) to form or acquire an interest in, and contribute property to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint
ventures or other relationships that the General Partner deems desirable (including, without limitation, the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, its Subsidiaries and any other Person in which it has an equity interest
from time to time);  
      25  

(xx) to establish Partnership reserves for working capital, capital expenditures,
contingent liabilities, or any other valid Partnership purpose;    (xxi) to merge, consolidate or combine the Partnership
with or into another Person;    (xxii) to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership
will not be classified as a  publicly traded partnership  for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code; and  
 (xxiii) to take such other action, execute, acknowledge, swear to or deliver such other documents and instruments, and perform
any and all other acts that the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation and conduct of the business and affairs of the Partnership (including, without limitation, all actions consistent with allowing the
General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT unless the General Partner voluntarily terminates its REIT status) and to possess and enjoy all of the rights and powers of a general partner as provided by the Act.  
 (b) Except as otherwise provided herein, to the extent the duties of the General Partner require expenditures of funds to be paid to third
parties, the General Partner shall not have any obligations hereunder except to the extent that Partnership funds are reasonably available to it for the performance of such duties, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize or require
the General Partner, in its capacity as such, to expend its individual funds for payment to third parties or to undertake any individual liability or obligation on behalf of the Partnership.  
  6.2.  Delegation of Authority  . The General Partner may delegate any or all of its powers, rights and obligations hereunder to any
Person, and may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any Person for the transaction of the business of the Partnership, which Person (which may include the Adviser) may, under supervision of the General Partner, perform any acts or
services for the Partnership as the General Partner may approve.     6.3.  Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees  .  
 (a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Partnership shall indemnify and hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless an Indemnitee
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements, penalties and other amounts arising from any and all claims,
demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that are incurred by any Indemnitee and that relate to the operations of the
Partnership as set forth in this Agreement in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, unless it is established that: (i) the act or omission of the Indemnitee was material to the matter
giving rise to the proceeding and constituted willful misconduct or gross negligence; (ii) the Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services;  
      26  

or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. The termination of any proceeding by settlement,
judgment, order or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that an Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner that the Indemnitee believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the Partnership or that the Indemnitee s conduct constituted fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, a material breach of this Agreement, a breach of its fiduciary duty or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, an Indemnitee
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership.  
 (b) The Partnership shall reimburse an Indemnitee for reasonable expenses incurred by an Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding in advance
of the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of (i) a written affirmation by the Indemnitee of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Partnership
as authorized in this Section 6.3 has been met, and (ii) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met.  
 (c) The indemnification provided by this Section 6.3 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee or any other Person
may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the Partners, as a matter of law or otherwise, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity.  
 (d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, on behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the General Partner shall
determine, against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by such Person in connection with the Partnership s activities, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person
against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement.    (e) For purposes of this Section 6.3, the Partnership shall be deemed
to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or
beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of this Section 6.3; and actions taken or omitted by the Indemnitee
with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the
best interests of the Partnership.    (f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the
indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement.    (g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under
this Section 6.3 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement and the Articles of Incorporation.  
 (h) The provisions of this Section 6.3 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and
shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons.  
      27  

6.4.  Liability and Obligations of the General Partner  .  
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages to the
Partnership or any Partners for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of errors in judgment or of any act or omission not amounting to willful misconduct or gross negligence. The General Partner shall not be in breach of any duty that
the General Partner may owe to the Limited Partners or the Partnership or any other Persons under this Agreement or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity provided the General Partner, acting in good faith, abides by the terms of this
Agreement.    (b) The Limited Partners expressly acknowledge that the General Partner is acting on behalf of the Partnership, itself and its
stockholders collectively, and that neither the General Partner nor its Board of Directors is under any obligation to consider the separate interests of the Limited Partners (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to Limited Partners or
the tax consequences of some, but not all, of the Limited Partners) in deciding whether to cause the Partnership to take (or decline to take) any actions. In the event of a conflict between the interests of its stockholders on one hand and the
Limited Partners on the other, the General Partner shall endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either its stockholders or the Limited Partners; provided, however, that for so long as the General Partner directly
owns a controlling interest in the Partnership, any such conflict that the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either its stockholders or the Limited Partner shall be
resolved in favor of the stockholders. The General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by Limited Partners in connection with such decisions, provided that the General
Partner has acted in good faith.    (c) Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 6.1 hereof, the
General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it under this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents. The General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or
negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by it in good faith.    (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or the
Act, any action of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or any decision of the General Partner to refrain from acting on behalf of the Partnership, undertaken in the good faith belief that such action or omission is necessary or
advisable in order (i) to protect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT, (ii) to prevent the General Partner from incurring any taxes under Section 857, Section 4981, or any other provision of the
Code, or (iii) to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a  publicly traded partnership  under section 7704 of the Code, is expressly authorized under this Agreement and is deemed approved by all of the Limited
Partners.    (e) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 6.4 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall
not in any way affect the limitations on the General Partner s liability to the Partnership and the Limited Partners under this Section 6.4 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to matters
occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when claims relating to such matters may arise or be asserted.  
      28  

6.5.  Reimbursement of General Partner  .  
 (a) Except as provided in this Section 6.5 and elsewhere in this Agreement (including the provisions of Articles 5 and 6 regarding
distributions, payments, and allocations to which it may be entitled), the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as general partner of the Partnership.  
 (b) The General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine in its sole and
absolute discretion, for all Administrative Expenses incurred by the General Partner.     6.6.  Outside Activities  .  
 (a) Subject to Section 6.8 hereof, the Articles of Incorporation and any agreements entered into by the General Partner or its
Affiliates with the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries, any officer, director, employee, agent, trustee, Affiliate or stockholder of the General Partner shall be entitled to and may have, directly or indirectly, business interests and engage in
business activities in addition to those relating to the Partnership, including business interests and activities substantially similar or identical to those of the Partnership. Neither the Partnership nor any of the Limited Partners shall have any
rights by virtue of this Agreement in any such business ventures, interests or activities. None of the Limited Partners nor any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement or the partnership relationship established hereby in any
such business ventures, interests or activities, and the General Partner shall have no obligation pursuant to this Agreement to communicate or offer any opportunities or interest in any such business ventures, interests and activities to the
Partnership or any Limited Partner, even if such opportunity is of a character which, if presented to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, could be taken by such Person, even if it may raise a conflict of interest with the Limited Partners or the
Partnership. The General Partner will not be liable for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires for, or directs such opportunity or interest to another Person or does not communicate or offer
such opportunity or interest to the Partnership.    (b) No Limited Partner shall, by reason of being a Limited Partner in the Partnership,
have any right to participate in any manner in any profits or income earned or derived by or accruing to the General Partner and its respective Affiliates, or the respective members, partners, officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents or
representatives thereof from the conduct of any business other than the business of the Partnership or from any transaction in instruments effected by the General Partner and its Affiliates or the respective members, partners, stockholders,
officers, directors, employees or agents thereof for any account other than that of the Partnership.  
      29  

6.7.  Transactions With Affiliates  .    
 (a) Any Affiliate of the General Partner or the Adviser may be employed or retained by the Partnership and may otherwise deal with the
Partnership (whether as a buyer, lessor, lessee, manager, furnisher of goods or services, broker, agent, lender or otherwise) and may receive from the Partnership any compensation, price, or other payment therefor which the General Partner
determines to be fair and reasonable.    (b) The Partnership may lend or contribute to its Subsidiaries or other Persons in which it has an
equity investment, and such Persons may borrow funds from the Partnership, on terms and conditions established in the sole and absolute discretion of the General Partner. The foregoing authority shall not create any right or benefit in favor of any
Subsidiary or any other Person.    (c) The Partnership may transfer assets to joint ventures, other partnerships, corporations or other
business entities in which it is or thereby becomes a participant, and in which any of its Affiliates may or may not be a participant, upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the General Partner deems are consistent with this Agreement,
applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation and the REIT status of the General Partner.    (d) Except as expressly permitted by this
Agreement, neither the General Partner nor any of its Affiliates shall sell, transfer or convey any property to, or purchase any property from, the Partnership, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to transactions that are, in the General
Partner s sole discretion, on terms that are fair and reasonable to the Partnership and in compliance with the Articles of Incorporation.  
  6.8.  Title to Partnership Assets    .   Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether
tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Partnership assets or any portion thereof. Title to any or all of the
Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner or one or more nominees, as the General Partner may determine, including Affiliates of the General Partner. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any
Partnership assets for which legal title is held in the name of the General Partner or any nominee or Affiliate of the General Partner shall be held by the General Partner for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use its best efforts to cause beneficial and record title to such assets to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable. All Partnership assets shall be recorded
as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such Partnership assets is held.  
  6.9.  Repurchases and Exchanges of REIT Shares  .    
 (a)  Repurchases . If the General Partner repurchases any REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares repurchased with proceeds received from the
issuance of other REIT Shares), then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to purchase from the General Partner a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares for that Class of Partnership Units
on the same terms that the General Partner repurchased such REIT Shares (including any applicable discount to Net Asset Value).    (b)
 Exchanges . If the General Partner exchanges any REIT Shares of any Class ( Exchanged REIT Shares ) for, or converts any REIT Shares of any Class to, REIT Shares of a different Class ( Received REIT Shares ), then the
General Partner shall, and shall cause the Partnership to, exchange or convert a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the Exchanged REIT Shares, for Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the Received REIT
Shares on the same terms that the General Partner exchanged or converted the Exchanged REIT Shares.  
      30  

6.10.  No Duplication of Fees or Expenses    .   The Partnership may not
incur or be responsible for any fee or expense (in connection with an Offering or otherwise) that would be duplicative of fees and expenses paid by the General Partner.  
  ARTICLE 7       CHANGES
IN GENERAL PARTNER       7.1.  Transfer of the General Partner s Partnership Interest  .    
 (a) The General Partner shall not transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest or withdraw as General Partner except as
provided in, or in connection with a transaction contemplated by, Section 7.1(c), (d) or (e).    (b) Except as otherwise provided
in Section 6.4(b) or Section 7.1(d) or (e) hereof, the General Partner shall not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another Person or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, (other than in
connection with a change in the General Partner s state of incorporation or organizational form) in each case which results in a change of control of the General Partner (a  Transaction ), unless:  
 (i) the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners is obtained;  
 (ii) as a result of such Transaction all Limited Partners will receive for each Partnership Unit of each Class an amount of
cash, securities, or other property equal to the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in the Transaction to a holder of one REIT Share having the same Class designation as that Partnership Unit in consideration of such REIT
Share; provided that if, in connection with the Transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer ( Offer ) shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding REIT Shares, each holder of Partnership
Units shall be given the option to exchange its Partnership Units for the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property which a Limited Partner holding Partnership Units would have received had it (1) exercised its Redemption Right and
(2) sold, tendered or exchanged pursuant to the Offer the REIT Shares received upon exercise of the Redemption Right immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer; or  
 (iii) the General Partner is the surviving entity in the Transaction and either (A) the holders of REIT Shares do not
receive cash, securities, or other property in the Transaction or (B) all Limited Partners receive in exchange for their Partnership Units of each Class, an amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share)
that is no less than the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) received in the Transaction by any holder of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Partnership Units being
exchanged.  
      31  

(c) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(c), the General Partner may merge with or into or
consolidate with another entity if immediately after such merger or consolidation (i) substantially all of the assets of the successor or surviving entity (the  Survivor ), other than Partnership Units held by the General Partner, are
contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution in exchange for Partnership Units with a fair market value equal to the value of the assets so contributed as determined by the Survivor in good faith and
(ii) the Survivor expressly agrees to assume all obligations of the General Partner, as appropriate, hereunder. Upon such contribution and assumption, the Survivor shall have the right and duty to amend this Agreement as set forth in this
Section 7.1(d). The Survivor shall in good faith arrive at a new method for the calculation of the Cash Amount and the REIT Shares Amount after any such merger or consolidation so as to approximate the existing method for such calculation as
closely as reasonably possible. Such calculation shall take into account, among other things, the kind and amount of securities, cash and other property that was receivable upon such merger or consolidation by a holder of REIT Shares of each Class
or options, warrants or other rights relating thereto, and which a holder of Partnership Units of any Class could have acquired had such Partnership Units been exchanged immediately prior to such merger or consolidation. Such amendment to this
Agreement shall provide for adjustment to such method of calculation, which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Section 4.3(a)(ii). The Survivor also shall in good faith modify the definition
of REIT Shares and make such amendments to Section 8.5 so as to approximate the existing rights and obligations set forth in Section 8.5 as closely as reasonably possible. The above provisions of this Section 7.1(d) shall similarly
apply to successive mergers or consolidations permitted hereunder.    In respect of any transaction described in the preceding paragraph,
the General Partner is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to structure such transaction to avoid causing the Limited Partners to recognize a gain for federal income tax purposes by virtue of the occurrence of or their participation
in such transaction, provided such efforts are consistent with the exercise of the Board of Directors  fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the General Partner under applicable law.  
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 7.1(c), a General Partner may transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest to (A) a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of such General Partner or (B) the owner of all of the ownership interests of such General Partner, and following a transfer of all of its General Partnership Interest, may withdraw as General Partner.  
      32  

7.2.  Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner    .   A
Person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner of the Partnership only if the following terms and conditions are satisfied:  
 (a) the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by all the terms and
provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart thereof and such other documents or instruments as may be required or appropriate in order to effect the admission of such Person as a General Partner, and a certificate evidencing the
admission of such Person as a General Partner shall have been filed for recordation and all other actions required by Section 2.5 in connection with such admission shall have been performed;  
 (b) if the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is a corporation or a partnership it shall have provided the
Partnership with evidence satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of such Person s authority to become a General Partner and to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and  
 (c) counsel for the Partnership shall have rendered an opinion (relying on such opinions from other counsel and the state or any other
jurisdiction as may be necessary) that (x) the admission of the person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is in conformity with the Act and (y) none of the actions taken in connection with the admission of such
Person as a substitute or additional General Partner will cause (i) the Partnership to be classified other than as a partnership for federal tax purposes, or (ii) the loss of any Limited Partner s limited liability.  
  7.3.  Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner  .    
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a))
or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as
to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Partnership shall be dissolved and
terminated unless the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b). The merger of the General Partner with or into any entity that is admitted as a substitute or successor General Partner pursuant to Section 7.2 shall not be deemed
to be the withdrawal, dissolution or removal of the General Partner.    (b) Following the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the
sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a) hereof) or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner is, on the date of
such occurrence, a partnership, the withdrawal of, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is
continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Limited Partners, within 90 days after such occurrence, may elect to continue the business of the Partnership by selecting, subject to Section 7.2 and any other provisions of this
Agreement, a substitute General Partner by consent of the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners. If the Limited Partners elect to continue the business of the Partnership and admit a substitute
General Partner, the relationship with the Partners and of any Person who has acquired an interest of a Partner in the Partnership shall be governed by this Agreement.  
      33  

7.4.  Removal of a General Partner  .  
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to, or the dissolution of, a General Partner, such General Partner shall be deemed to be
removed automatically; provided, however, that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death or dissolution of, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of, a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed
not to be a dissolution of the General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners. The Limited Partners may not remove the General Partner, with or without cause.  
 (b) If a General Partner has been removed pursuant to this Section 7.4 and the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3,
such General Partner shall promptly transfer and assign its General Partnership Interest in the Partnership to the substitute General Partner approved by the Limited Partners in accordance with Section 7.3(b) and otherwise admitted to the
Partnership in accordance with Section 7.2. At the time of assignment, the removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive from the substitute General Partner the fair market value of the General Partnership Interest of such removed
General Partner as reduced by any damages caused to the Partnership by such General Partner. Such fair market value shall be determined by an appraiser mutually agreed upon by the General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the
Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners within 10 days following the removal of the General Partner. If the parties are unable to agree upon an appraiser, the removed General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the
Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners each shall select an appraiser. Each such appraiser shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest within 30 days of the
General Partner s removal, and the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals; provided, however, that if the higher appraisal exceeds the lower appraisal by
more than 20% of the amount of the lower appraisal, the two appraisers, no later than 40 days after the removal of the General Partner, shall select a third appraiser who shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed
General Partner s General Partnership Interest no later than 60 days after the removal of the General Partner. In such case, the fair market value of the removed General Partner s General Partnership Interest shall be the average of
the two appraisals closest in value.    (c) The General Partnership Interest of a removed General Partner, during the time after default
until transfer under Section 7.4(b), shall be converted to that of a special Limited Partner; provided, however, such removed General Partner shall not have any rights to participate in the management and affairs of the Partnership, and shall
not be entitled to any portion of the income, expense, profit, gain or loss allocations or cash distributions allocable or payable, as the case may be, to the Limited Partners. Instead, such removed General Partner shall receive and be entitled only
to retain distributions or allocations of such items that it would have been entitled to receive in its capacity as General Partner, until the transfer is effective pursuant to Section 7.4(b).  
 (d) All Partners shall have given and hereby do give such consents, shall take such actions and shall execute such documents as shall be
legally necessary ,  desirable and sufficient to effect all the foregoing provisions of this Section.  
      34  

ARTICLE 8   
   RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS    
  8.1.  Management of the Partnership    .   The Limited Partners shall not participate in the management or control of
Partnership business nor shall they transact any business for the Partnership, nor shall they have the power to sign for or bind the Partnership, such powers being vested solely and exclusively in the General Partner.  
  8.2.  Power of Attorney    .   Each Limited Partner hereby irrevocably appoints the General Partner its true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, who may act for each Limited Partner and in its name, place and stead, and for its use and benefit, to sign, acknowledge, swear to, deliver, file or record, at the appropriate public offices, any and all documents, certificates,
and instruments as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the General Partner to carry out fully the provisions of this Agreement and the Act in accordance with their terms, which power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall survive the
death, dissolution or legal incapacity of the Limited Partner, or the transfer by the Limited Partner of any part or all of its Partnership Interest.  
  8.3.  Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners    .   No Limited Partner shall be liable for any debts, liabilities,
contracts or obligations of the Partnership. A Limited Partner shall be liable to the Partnership only to make payments of its Capital Contribution, if any, as and when due hereunder. After its Capital Contribution is fully paid, no Limited Partner
shall, except as otherwise required by the Act, be required to make any further Capital Contributions or other payments or lend any funds to the Partnership.  
  8.4.  Ownership by Limited Partner of Corporate General Partner or Affiliate    .   No Limited Partner shall at any time,
either directly or indirectly, own any stock or other interest in the General Partner or in any Affiliate thereof, if such ownership by itself or in conjunction with other stock or other interests owned by other Limited Partners would, in the
opinion of counsel for the Partnership, jeopardize the classification of the Partnership as a partnership for federal tax purposes. The General Partner shall be entitled to make such reasonable inquiry of the Limited Partners as is required to
establish compliance by the Limited Partners with the provisions of this Section.     8.5.  Redemption Right  .  
 (a) Subject to this Section 8.5 and the provisions of any agreements between the Partnership and one or more Limited Partners with
respect to Partnership Units held by them, each Limited Partner other than the General Partner, after holding any Partnership Units for at least one year, shall have the right (subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein) to require the
Partnership to redeem (a  Redemption ) all or a portion of such Partnership Units (the  Tendered Units ) in exchange (a  Redemption Right ) for REIT Shares issuable on, or the Cash Amount payable on, the Specified
Redemption Date, as determined by the General Partner in its  
      35  

sole discretion. Any Redemption Right shall be exercised pursuant to a Notice of Redemption delivered to the Partnership (with a copy to the General Partner) by the Limited Partner exercising the
Redemption Right (the  Tendering Party ). Within 15 days of receipt of a Notice of Redemption, the Partnership will send to the Limited Partner submitting the Notice of Redemption a response stating whether the General Partner has
determined the applicable Partnership Units will be redeemed for REIT Shares or the Cash Amount. In either case, the Limited Partner shall be entitled to withdraw the Notice of Redemption if (i) it provides notice to the Partnership that it
wishes to withdraw the request and (ii) the Partnership receives the notice no less than two business days prior to the Specified Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser shall have the right
to require the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Class I Units pursuant to this Section 8.5 at any time irrespective of the period the Partnership Units have been held by the Special Limited Partner or the Adviser. The Partnership
shall redeem any such Class I Units of the Special Limited Partner or the Adviser for the Cash Amount unless the Board of Directors of the General Partner determines that any such redemption for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or this
Agreement, in which case such Class I Units will be redeemed for an amount of Class I REIT Shares with an aggregate Net Asset Value equivalent to the aggregate Net Asset Value of such Class I Units.  
 No Limited Partner, other than the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser, may deliver more than two Notices of Redemption during each
calendar year. A Limited Partner other than the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser may not exercise the Redemption Right for less than 1,000 Partnership Units or, if such Limited Partner holds less than 1,000 Partnership Units, all of the
Partnership Units held by such Partner. The Tendering Party shall have no right, with respect to any Partnership Units so redeemed, to receive any distribution paid with respect to Partnership Units if the record date for such distribution is on or
after the Specified Redemption Date.    (b) If the General Partner elects to redeem Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, then
the Partnership shall direct the General Partner to issue and deliver such REIT Shares to the Tendering Party pursuant to the terms set forth in this Section 8.5(b), in which case, (i) the General Partner, acting as a distinct legal
entity, shall assume directly the obligation with respect thereto and shall satisfy the Tendering Party s exercise of its Redemption Right, and (ii) such transaction shall be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as a transfer by the
Tendering Party of such Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for REIT Shares. The percentage of the Tendered Units tendered for Redemption by the Tendering Party for which the General Partner elects to issue REIT Shares (rather than
cash) is referred to as the  Applicable Percentage.  In making such election to acquire Tendered Units, the Partnership shall act in a fair, equitable and reasonable manner that neither prefers one group or class of Limited Partners over
another nor discriminates against a group or class of Limited Partners. If the Partnership elects to redeem any number of Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather than cash, on the Specified Redemption Date, the Tendering Party shall sell such number
of the Tendered Units to the General Partner in exchange for a number of REIT Shares equal to the product of the REIT Shares Amount and the Applicable Percentage. The product of the Applicable Percentage and the REIT Shares Amount, if applicable,
shall be delivered by the General Partner as duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable REIT Shares free of any pledge, lien, encumbrance or restriction, other than the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as calculated in accordance
with the Articles of Incorporation) and other restrictions provided in the Article of  
      36  

Incorporation, the bylaws of the General Partner, the Securities Act and relevant state securities or  blue sky  laws. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.5(a) and this
Section 8.5(b), the Tendering Parties shall have no rights under this Agreement that would otherwise be prohibited under the Articles of Incorporation.  
 (c) In connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5, the Tendering Party shall submit the following to
the General Partner, in addition to the Notice of Redemption:    (1) A written affidavit, dated the same date as the Notice
of Redemption, (a) disclosing the actual and constructive ownership, as determined for purposes of Code Sections 856(a)(6) and 856(h), of REIT Shares by (i) such Tendering Party and (ii) any Related Party and
(b) representing that, after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party will own REIT Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable the Excepted Holder Limit);  
 (2) A written representation that neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party has any intention to acquire any additional
REIT Shares prior to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date    (3) An undertaking to certify, at and
as a condition to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date, that either (a) the actual and constructive ownership of REIT Shares by the Tendering Party and any Related Party remain unchanged from that disclosed in the
affidavit required by Section 8.5(c)(1) or (b) after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party shall own REIT Shares in violation of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable, the
Excepted Holder Limit); and    (4) Any other documents as the General Partner may reasonably require.  
 (d) Any Cash Amount to be paid to a Tendering Party pursuant to this Section 8.5 shall be paid on the Specified Redemption Date;
provided, however, that the General Partner may elect to cause the Specified Redemption Date to be delayed for up to an additional 180 days to the extent required for the General Partner to cause additional REIT Shares to be issued to provide
financing to be used to make such payment of the Cash Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner agrees to use its best efforts to cause the closing of the acquisition of Tendered Units hereunder to occur as quickly as reasonably
possible.    (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner shall place appropriate restrictions on the
ability of the Limited Partners to exercise their Redemption Rights to prevent, among other things, (a) any person from owning shares in excess of the Common Share Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and the Excepted Holder
Limit, (b) the General Partner s common stock from being owned by less than 100 persons, the General Partner from being  closely held  within the meaning of section 856(h) of  
      37  

the Code, and as and if deemed necessary to ensure that the Partnership does not constitute a  publicly traded partnership  under section 7704 of the Code. If and when the General
Partner determines that imposing such restrictions is necessary, the General Partner shall give prompt written notice thereof (a  Restriction Notice ) to each of the Limited Partners holding Partnership Units, which notice shall be
accompanied by a copy of an opinion of counsel to the Partnership which states that, in the opinion of such counsel, restrictions are necessary in order to avoid having the Partnership be treated as a  publicly traded partnership  under
section 7704 of the Code.    (f) A redemption fee may be charged (other than to the Adviser, Special Limited Partner or their Affiliates) in
connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.5.     ARTICLE 9   
   TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS    
  9.1.  Purchase for Investment  .  
 (a) Each Limited Partner hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner and to the Partnership that the acquisition of his Partnership
Interest is made as a principal for his account for investment purposes only and not with a view to the resale or distribution of such Partnership Interest.  
 (b) Each Limited Partner agrees that he will not sell, assign or otherwise transfer his Partnership Interest or any fraction thereof, whether
voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise, to any Person who does not make the representations and warranties to the General Partner set forth in Section 9.1(a) above and similarly agree not to sell, assign or transfer
such Partnership Interest or fraction thereof to any Person who does not similarly represent, warrant and agree.     9.2.  Restrictions
on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests  .    (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 9.2(b) and (c), no Limited Partner
may offer, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise transfer all or any portion of his Limited Partnership Interest, or any of such Limited Partner s economic rights as a Limited Partner, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at
judicial sale or otherwise (collectively, a  Transfer ) without the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that the Special Limited Partner may transfer all or
any portion of its Limited Partnership Interest, or any of its economic rights as a Limited Partner, to any of its Affiliates without the consent of the General Partner. Any such purported transfer undertaken without such consent shall be considered
to be null and void  ab initio  and shall not be given effect. The General Partner may require, as a condition of any Transfer to which it consents, that the transferor assume all costs incurred by the Partnership in connection therewith.  
 (b) No Limited Partner may withdraw from the Partnership other than as a result of a permitted Transfer (i.e., a Transfer consented to as
contemplated by clause (a) above or  
      38  

clause (c) below or a Transfer pursuant to Section 9.5 below) of all of its Partnership Interest pursuant to this Article 9 or pursuant to a redemption of all of its
Partnership Units pursuant to Section 8.5. Upon the permitted Transfer or redemption of all of a Limited Partner s Partnership Interest, such Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner.  
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 9.2(a) and subject to Sections 9.2(d), (e) and (f) below, a Limited Partner may Transfer,
without the consent of the General Partner, all or a portion of its Partnership Interest to (i) a parent or parent s spouse, natural or adopted descendant or descendants, spouse of such descendant, or brother or sister, or a trust created
by such Limited Partner for the benefit of such Limited Partner and/or any such person(s), of which trust such Limited Partner or any such person(s) is a trustee, (ii) a corporation controlled by a Person or Persons named in (i) above, or
(iii) if the Limited Partner is an entity, its beneficial owners.    (d) No Limited Partner may effect a Transfer of its Limited
Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, without the consent of the General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, if, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, such proposed Transfer would require the
registration of the Limited Partnership Interest under the Securities Act or would otherwise violate any applicable federal or state securities or blue sky law (including investment suitability standards).  
 (e) No Transfer by a Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, may be made to any Person without the consent of the
General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, if (i) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, the transfer would result in the Partnership s being treated as an association taxable as a corporation
(other than a qualified REIT subsidiary within the meaning of Section 856(i) of the Code and the General Partner determines such treatment would be in the best interest of the Partnership), (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel for the
Partnership, it would adversely affect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or subject the General Partner to any additional taxes under Section 857 or Section 4981 of the Code, (iii) in the opinion of
legal counsel for the Partnership, the transfer would cause the Partnership not to qualify for the safe harbor described in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h), or (iv) such transfer is effectuated through an  established
securities market  or a  secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)  within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code.  
 (f) No transfer by a Limited Partner of any Partnership Interest may be made to a lender to the Partnership or any Person who is related
(within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-4(b)) to any lender to the Partnership whose loan constitutes a nonrecourse liability (within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)), without the consent of the General Partner,
which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that as a condition to such consent the lender may be required to enter into an arrangement with the Partnership and the General Partner to exchange or redeem for the Cash Amount
any Partnership Units in which a security interest is held simultaneously with the time at which such lender would be deemed to be a Partner in the Partnership for purposes of allocating liabilities to such lender under Section 752 of the Code.
   (g) Any Transfer in contravention of any of the provisions of this Article 9 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not be binding
upon, or recognized by, the Partnership.    (h) Prior to the consummation of any Transfer under this Article 9, the transferor and/or
the transferee shall deliver to the General Partner such opinions, certificates and other documents as the General Partner shall request in connection with such Transfer.  
      39  

9.3.  Admission of Substitute Limited Partner  .    
 (a) Subject to the other provisions of this Article 9, an assignee of the Limited Partnership Interest of a Limited Partner (which shall
be understood to include any purchaser, transferee, donee, or other recipient of any disposition of such Limited Partnership Interest) shall be deemed admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership only with the consent of the General Partner and
upon the satisfactory completion of the following:    (i) The assignee shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by the
terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart or an amendment thereof, including a revised Exhibit A, and such other documents or instruments as the General Partner may require in order to effect the admission of such Person
as a Limited Partner.    (ii) To the extent required, an amended Certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a
Limited Partner shall have been signed, acknowledged and filed for record in accordance with the Act.    (iii) The assignee
shall have delivered a letter containing the representation set forth in Section 9.1(a) hereof and the agreement set forth in Section 9.1(b) hereof.  
 (iv) If the assignee is a corporation, partnership or trust, the assignee shall have provided the General Partner with evidence
satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of the assignee s authority to become a Limited Partner under the terms and provisions of this Agreement.  
 (v) The assignee shall have executed a power of attorney containing the terms and provisions set forth in Section 8.2
hereof.    (vi) The assignee shall have paid all legal fees and other expenses of the Partnership and the General Partner and
filing and publication costs in connection with its substitution as a Limited Partner.    (vii) The assignee has obtained the
prior written consent of the General Partner to its admission as a Substitute Limited Partner, which consent may be given or denied in the exercise of the General Partner s sole and absolute discretion.  
 (b) For the purpose of allocating Profits and Losses and distributing cash received by the Partnership, a Substitute Limited Partner shall be
treated as having become, and appearing in the records of the Partnership as, a Partner upon the filing of the Certificate described in Section 9.3(a)(ii) hereof or, if no such filing is required, the later of the date specified in the transfer
documents or the date on which the General Partner has received all necessary instruments of transfer and substitution.    (c) The General
Partner shall cooperate with the Person seeking to become a Substitute Limited Partner by preparing the documentation required by this Section and making all official filings and publications. The Partnership shall take all such action as
promptly as practicable after the satisfaction of the conditions in this Article 9 to the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner of the Partnership.  
      40  

9.4.  Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests  .  
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof, except as required by operation of law, the Partnership shall not be
obligated for any purposes whatsoever to recognize the assignment by any Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest until the Partnership has received notice thereof.  
 (b) Any Person who is the assignee of all or any portion of a Limited Partner s Limited Partnership Interest, but does not become a
Substitute Limited Partner and desires to make a further assignment of such Limited Partnership Interest, shall be subject to all the provisions of this Article 9 to the same extent and in the same manner as any Limited Partner desiring to make
an assignment of its Limited Partnership Interest.     9.5.  Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited
Partner  . The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a Limited Partner, the death of a Limited Partner or a final adjudication that a Limited Partner is incompetent (which term shall include, but not be limited to, insanity) shall not
cause the termination or dissolution of the Partnership, and the business of the Partnership shall continue if an order for relief in a bankruptcy proceeding is entered against a Limited Partner, the trustee or receiver of his estate or, if he dies,
his executor, administrator or trustee, or, if he is finally adjudicated incompetent, his committee, guardian or conservator, shall have the rights of such Limited Partner for the purpose of settling or managing his estate property and such power as
the bankrupt, deceased or incompetent Limited Partner possessed to assign all or any part of his Partnership Interest and to join with the assignee in satisfying conditions precedent to the admission of the assignee as a Substitute Limited Partner.
    9.6.  Joint Ownership of Interests  . A Partnership Interest may be acquired by two individuals as joint tenants with right of
survivorship, provided that such individuals either are married or are related and share the same home as tenants in common. The written consent or vote of both owners of any such jointly held Partnership Interest shall be required to constitute the
action of the owners of such Partnership Interest; provided, however, that the written consent of only one joint owner will be required if the Partnership has been provided with evidence satisfactory to the counsel for the Partnership that the
actions of a single joint owner can bind both owners under the applicable laws of the state of residence of such joint owners. Upon the death of one owner of a Partnership Interest held in a joint tenancy with a right of survivorship, the
Partnership Interest shall become owned solely by the survivor as a Limited Partner and not as an assignee. The Partnership need not recognize the death of one of the owners of a jointly-held Partnership Interest until it shall have received notice
of such death. Upon notice to the General Partner from either owner, the General Partner shall cause the Partnership Interest to be divided into two equal Partnership Interests, which shall thereafter be owned separately by each of the former
owners.  
      41  

ARTICLE 10   
   BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS    
  10.1.  Books and Records  . At all times during the continuance of the Partnership, the Partners shall keep or cause to be kept at
the Partnership s specified office true and complete books of account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including: (a) a current list of the full name and last known business address of each Partner, (b) a
copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all Certificates of amendment thereto, (c) copies of the Partnership s federal, state and local income tax returns and reports, (d) copies of this Agreement and amendments thereto and
any financial statements of the Partnership for the three most recent years and (e) all documents and information required under the Act. Any Partner or its duly authorized representative, upon paying the costs of collection, duplication and
mailing, shall be entitled to inspect or copy such records during ordinary business hours.     10.2.  Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank
Accounts  .    (a) All funds of the Partnership not otherwise invested shall be deposited in one or more accounts maintained in such
banking or brokerage institutions as the General Partner shall determine, and withdrawals shall be made only on such signature or signatures as the General Partner may, from time to time, determine.  
 (b) All deposits and other funds not needed in the operation of the business of the Partnership may be invested in any manner determined by
the General Partner in its sole discretion. The funds of the Partnership shall not be commingled with the funds of any other Person except for such commingling as may necessarily result from an investment permitted by this Section 10.2(b).  
  10.3.  Fiscal and Taxable Year  . The fiscal and taxable year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year.  
  10.4.  Annual Tax Information and Report  . Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Partnership (subject to
reasonable delays in the event of the late receipt of any necessary financial statements of the Person in which the Partnership holds a Property), the General Partner shall furnish to each person who was a Limited Partner at any time during such
year the tax information necessary to file such Limited Partner s individual tax returns as required by law.     10.5.  Tax Matters
Partner; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments  .    (a) The General Partner shall (i) for taxable years beginning on or
before December 31, 2017, be the  Tax Matters Partner  of the Partnership within the meaning of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code and (ii) for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, act as or appoint the
 Partnership Representative  within the meaning of Section 6223(a) of the Code (as amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015). As Tax Matters Partner or Partnership Representative, as applicable, the General Partner (or its
appointee) shall have the right and obligation to take all actions authorized and required, respectively, by the Code for the Tax Matters Partner or Partnership Representative. The General Partner (or its appointee) shall have
 
      42  

the right to retain professional assistance in respect of any audit of the Partnership by the Service and all out-of-pocket expenses and fees incurred by the General Partner (or its appointee) on
behalf of the Partnership as Tax Matters Partner or Partnership Representative, as applicable, shall constitute Partnership expenses.    (b)
All elections required or permitted to be made by the Partnership under the Code or any applicable state, local or foreign tax law shall be made by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion  
 (c) In the event of a transfer of all or any part of the Partnership Interest of any Partner, the Partnership, at the option of the General
Partner, may elect pursuant to Section 754 of the Code to adjust the basis of the Partnership s assets. Notwithstanding anything contained in Article 5, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 754 of the Code shall affect only
the successor in interest to the transferring Partner and in no event shall be taken into account in establishing, maintaining or computing Capital Accounts for the other Partners for any purpose under this Agreement. Each Partner will furnish the
Partnership with all information necessary to give effect to such election.     10.6.  Reports to Limited Partners  . As soon as
practicable after the close of each fiscal year, but in no event later than the date on which the General Partner mails its annual report to holders of the REIT Shares, the General Partner shall cause to be mailed to each Limited Partner an annual
report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal year, presented in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. The annual financial statements shall be audited by accountants selected by the General Partner.     ARTICLE 11
      AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER    
 The General Partner s consent shall be required for any amendment to this Agreement. The General Partner, without the consent of the
Limited Partners, may amend this Agreement in any respect or merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into any other partnership or business entity (as defined in Section 17-211 of the Act) in a transaction pursuant to Section 7.1(c),
(d) or (e) hereof; provided, however, that the following amendments and any other merger or consolidation of the Partnership shall require the consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of the Limited
Partners:    (a) any amendment affecting the operation of the Redemption Right (except as provided in Section 8.5(d), 7.1(c) or 7.1(d))
in a manner adverse to the Limited Partners;    (b) any amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Limited Partners to receive
the distributions payable to them hereunder, other than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3;  
 (c) any amendment that would alter the Partnership s allocations of Profit and Loss to the Limited Partners, other than with respect to
the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3; or    (d) any amendment that would impose on the Limited Partners
any obligation to make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership.  
      43  

ARTICLE 12   
   GENERAL PROVISIONS    
  12.1.  Notices  . All communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been given when delivered personally or upon deposit in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid return receipt requested, to the Partners at the addresses set forth in  Exhibit A ; provided, however, that any Partner may
specify a different address by notifying the General Partner in writing of such different address. Notices to the Partnership shall be delivered at or mailed to its specified office.  
  12.2.  Survival of Rights  . Subject to the provisions hereof limiting transfers, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Partners and the Partnership and their respective legal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns.     12.3.
 Additional Documents  . Each Partner agrees to perform all further acts and execute, swear to, acknowledge and deliver all further documents which may be reasonable, necessary, appropriate or desirable to carry out the provisions of this
Agreement or the Act.     12.4.  Severability  . If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared illegal, invalid, or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall be deemed to be severable from this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in any event such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder hereof.  
  12.5.  Entire Agreement  . This Agreement and exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire Agreement of the Partners and
supersede all prior written agreements and prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof.  
  12.6.  Pronouns and Plurals  . When the context in which words are used in the Agreement indicates that such is the intent, words
in the singular number shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the neuter or female gender as the context may require.  
  12.7.  Headings  . The Article headings or sections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in
construing the scope of this Agreement or any particular Article.     12.8.  Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the same
counterpart.     12.9.  Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware.  
      44  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunder affixed their signatures to this Agreement
of Limited Partnership, all as of the date first set forth above.       

GENERAL PARTNER:   

BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Judy Turchin   

Name: 
   
 Judy Turchin  

Title: 
   
 Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer  

SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER:   

BREIT SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER L.L.C.   

By: 
   
   /s/ Judy Turchin   

Name: 
   
 Judy Turchin  

Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  

EXHIBIT A       

Partner   
    
    Type of  
  Interest   
    
  Contribution  

Agreed Value of   Contribution  

Class T   Units  

Class S   Units  

Class D   Units  

Class I   Units  

Percentage   Interest  

GENERAL PARTNER:   

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10154  
    
 General Partnership Interest 

N/A 

$ 
  N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Limited Partnership Interest 
    
 $ 
 200,000 

$ 
 200,000 

0 

0 

0 

20,000 

0 

LIMITED PARTNERS:   

Totals  

$ 

$ 

SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER:   
 BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C.    345 Park Avenue  
 New York, NY 10154  
      A-1  

EXHIBIT B    
   NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF REDEMPTION RIGHT    
 In accordance with Section 8.5 of the Limited Partnership Agreement (the  Agreement ) of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., the
undersigned hereby irrevocably (i) presents for redemption                        Partnership Units in BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. in
accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Redemption Right referred to in Section 8.5 thereof, (ii) surrenders such Partnership Units and all right, title and interest therein, and (iii) directs that the Cash Amount or REIT
Shares Amount (as defined in the Agreement) as determined by the General Partner deliverable upon exercise of the Redemption Right be delivered to the address specified below, and if REIT Shares (as defined in the Agreement) are to be delivered,
such REIT Shares be registered or placed in the name(s) and at the address(es) specified below.      

Dated:                  ,            

(Name of Limited Partner)  

(Signature of Limited Partner)  

(Mailing Address)  

(City) (State) (Zip Code)  

Signature Guaranteed by:  

If REIT Shares are to be issued, issue to:  

Name: 

Social Security or  
 
 Tax I.D. Number:                                 

B-1  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 6
 d464593dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   
   REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT    
 THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of August 31, 2016 by and among BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.,
a Maryland corporation (the   Company  ), BREIT SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the   Special Limited Partner  ) and BX REIT ADVISORS L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company
(the   Adviser  ).    WHEREAS, the Company has filed a registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-213043) in
connection with a proposed offering of shares of the Company s Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I common stock, par value $0.01 per share (collectively, the   Common Shares    
 WHEREAS, the Company, the Special Limited Partner and the Limited Partners party thereto have entered into that certain Amended and Restated
Limited Partnership Agreement of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. (the   Operating Partnership  ), dated as of August 25, 2016, that contemplates the issuance from time to time of Partnership Units of the Operating Partnership
(the   Partnership Units  ) to the Special Limited Partner and the exchange from time to time of Partnership Units for Common Shares;  
 WHEREAS, the Company, the Adviser and the Operating Partnership have entered into that certain Advisory Agreement, dated as of August 31,
2016, that contemplates the issuance from time to time of Common Shares to the Adviser and the issuance from time to time of Partnership Units to the Adviser and the exchange from time to time of Partnership Units for Common Shares; and  
 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser with certain registration rights with respect to the Common
Shares to be issued from time to time to the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser;    NOW, THEREFORE, for the mutual promises made herein
and in the other agreements executed by the parties concurrently herewith or contemplated hereby, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:  
  Section 1. Definitions     The
following capitalized terms used herein have the following meanings:      Adviser   is defined in the preamble to this
Agreement.      Affiliate   of any Person means another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such first Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction
of management and policies of the other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.  
   Agent   means the principal placement agent on an agented placement of Registrable Securities.  

Agreement   means this Registration Rights Agreement, as the same may be
amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.      Automatic Shelf Registration Statement   shall
have the meaning specified in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.      Business Day   means any day, other than a Saturday or
Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are required by law or permitted to be closed.  
   Commission   means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal agency then administering the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act.      Common Shares   is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.  
   Company   is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.  
   EDGAR   is defined in Section 3.1(e) of this Agreement.  
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission
promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.      Holder   means (i) the Special Limited
Partner as owner of Registrable Securities, (ii) the Adviser as an owner of Registrable Securities, and (iii) any Person who becomes a Holder pursuant to  Section 7.6 .  
   Inspectors   is defined in  Section 3.1(m)  of this Agreement.  
   Majority Selling Holders   means those Selling Holders whose Registrable Securities included in such registration or
offering, as applicable, represent a majority of the Registrable Securities of all Selling Holders included therein.      Minimum
Effective Period   is defined in  Section 2.1(c)  of this Agreement.      Non-Shelf Demand
Registration   is defined in  Section 2.1(c)  of this Agreement.      Non-Shelf Demand Registration
Notice   is defined in  Section 2.1(c)  of this Agreement.      Non-Shelf Demand Registration
Statement   is defined in  Section 2.1(c)  of this Agreement.      Person   means any individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any federal, state, county or municipal government or any bureau, department or agency thereof and any fiduciary acting in such capacity
on behalf of any of the foregoing.      Piggy-Back Registration   is defined in  Section 2.2(a)  of this
Agreement.      Prospectus   means the prospectus or prospectuses included in any Registration Statement (including any
 free writing prospectus  (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and any prospectus subject to completion and a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any  
      2  

prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement and by all other amendments and supplements to
the prospectus, including post-effective amendments and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such prospectus or prospectuses.  
   Registrable Securities   means the Common Shares and any Securities into which the Common Shares may be converted or
exchanged pursuant to any merger, consolidation, sale of all or any part of its assets, corporate conversion or other extraordinary transaction of the Company held by a Holder (whether now held or hereafter acquired, and including any such
Securities received by a Holder upon the conversion or exchange of, or pursuant to such a transaction with respect to, other Securities held by such Holder). As to any particular Registrable Securities, such Securities shall cease to be Registrable
Securities on the earliest to occur of: (a) the date on which a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities shall have been
sold, transferred, disposed of in accordance with such Registration Statement; (b) the date on which such Registrable Securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; or (c) any date on which Company counsel delivers a written opinion of
counsel, which shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to Holder s counsel, to the effect that such Holder s Registrable Securities are eligible for sale without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any successor provision) under the
Securities Act and without volume limitations or other restrictions on transfer thereunder; or (d) the date on which such Registrable Securities have been sold to a third party and all transfer restrictions and restrictive legends with respect
to such Registrable Securities are removed upon the consummation of such sale.      Registration Statement   means any
registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act (including any Shelf Registration Statement, Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement or any Registration Statement filed in connection with a
Piggy-Back Registration) for a public offering and sale of the Common Shares or other securities of the Company, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all
exhibits and all materials incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Registration Statement (other than a registration statement (i) on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor form to Form S-4 or Form S-8 or in
connection with any employee or director welfare, benefit or compensation plan, (ii) covering only securities proposed to be issued in exchange for securities or assets of another entity, (iii) in connection with an exchange offer or an
offering of securities exclusively to existing security holders of the Company or its subsidiaries, (iv) relating to a transaction pursuant to Rule 145 of the Securities Act, (v) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity
securities of the Company, or (vi) solely for a dividend reinvestment plan).      Securities   means capital stock,
limited partnership interests, limited liability company interests, beneficial interests, warrants, options, notes, bonds, debentures, and other securities, equity interests, ownership interests and similar obligations of every kind and nature of
any Person.      Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.  
      3  

Selling Holders   means, with respect to a specified registration or offering
pursuant to this Agreement, the Holders whose Registrable Securities are proposed to be included in such registration or offering, as applicable.  
   Shelf Effectiveness Period   is defined in  Section 2.1(a)  of this Agreement.  
   Shelf Offering   is defined in  Section 2.1(b)  of this Agreement.  
   Shelf Offering Notice   is defined in  Section 2.1(b)  of this Agreement.  
   Shelf Registration Notice   is defined in  Section 2.1(a)  of this Agreement.  
   Shelf Registration Statement   means a Registration Statement on Form S-11, Form S-3 or another appropriate form for an
offering to be made on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.      Special Limited
Partner   is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.      Transfer   means and includes the act of selling,
giving, transferring, creating a trust (voting or otherwise), assigning or otherwise disposing of (other than pledging, hypothecating or otherwise transferring as security or any transfer upon any merger or consolidation) (and correlative words
shall have correlative meanings);  provided ,  however , that any transfer or other disposition upon foreclosure or other exercise of remedies of a secured creditor after an event of default under or with respect to a pledge,
hypothecation or other transfer as security shall constitute a Transfer.      Underwriters  Representative   means the
managing underwriter, or in the case of a co-managed underwriting, the managing underwriter designated as the Underwriters  Representative by the co-managers.  
   WKSI   shall mean a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.  
  Section 2. Registration Rights   
 2.1  Shelf Registration . (a) At any time and from time to time on or after the date that the Company is eligible to use a Shelf
Registration Statement in connection with a public offering of its securities held by any Holder, any Holder may deliver to the Company a written notice (a   Shelf Registration Notice  ) requiring the Company to prepare and file with
the Commission a Shelf Registration Statement with respect to resales of some or all Registrable Securities by the Holders as promptly as practicable after receiving the Shelf Registration Notice, but in no event more than 45 days following
receipt of such notice. Unless such Shelf Registration Statement shall become automatically effective, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shelf Registration Statement to become or be declared effective by the
Commission for all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby as promptly as practicable following delivery of the Shelf Registration Notice (if it is not an automatically effective Shelf Registration Statement) but in no event later than
90 days after the filing of such Shelf Registration Statement. To the extent the Company is a WKSI at the time that the Shelf Registration Statement is to be filed, the Company shall file an automatic Shelf Registration Statement which covers
such Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf  
      4  

Registration Statement (or a successor Registration Statement filed with respect to the Registrable Securities) continuously effective (including by filing a new Shelf Registration Statement if
the initial Shelf Registration Statement expires) in order to permit the Prospectus forming a part thereof to be lawfully delivered and the Shelf Registration Statement useable for resale of the Registrable Securities, so long as there are any
Registrable Securities outstanding (the   Shelf Effectiveness Period  ).    (b)  Shelf Offerings . Upon the written
request of a Holder (  Shelf Offering Notice  ) to the Company from time to time during the Shelf Effectiveness Period, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate a  takedown  of Registrable
Securities off of the Shelf Registration Statement by such Holder (  Shelf Offering  ) by amending or supplementing the Prospectus related to the Shelf Registration Statement as may be reasonably requested by such Holder as promptly
as reasonably practicable upon receipt of the Shelf Offering Notice and taking other actions contemplated by  Section 3.1  that may be applicable to such Shelf Offering. Neither the Company nor any stockholder of the Company
(other than the Holders) may include securities in any offering requested under  Section 2.1  of this Agreement.  
 (c)  Non-Shelf Demand Registration . At any time and from time, if the Company has not effected or is not diligently pursuing a
Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to  Section 2.1(a)  or the Company is not eligible to file a Shelf Registration Statement or the Shelf Registration Statement shall cease to be effective, any Holder may deliver to the
Company a written notice (a   Non-Shelf Demand Registration Notice  ) informing the Company that the Holder requires the Company to register for resale some or all of such Holder s Registrable Securities (a   Non-Shelf
Demand Registration  ). Upon receipt of the Non-Shelf Demand Registration Notice, then the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission as promptly as practicable after receiving the Non-Shelf Demand
Registration Notice, but in no event more than 45 days following receipt of such notice, a Registration Statement covering all requested Registrable Securities (the   Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement  ), and agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof, but in no event later than 90 days after the filing
of such Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement. The Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to keep any Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement continuously effective (including the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements
necessary for that purpose) for a period of not less than 60 days (  Minimum Effective Period  ). All offers and sales by a Holder under a Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement shall be completed within the period during which
such Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement remains effective and not the subject of any stop order, injunction or other order of the Commission. Upon notice that such Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement is no longer effective, no Holder will
offer or sell the Registrable Securities under the Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement.    (d)  Notice to Holders . The
Company shall give written notice of the proposed filing of any Shelf Registration Statement or Non-Shelf Demand Registration Statement to all Holders as soon as practicable, and each Holder who wishes to participate in such Registration Statement
shall notify the Company in writing within five Business Days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company, and shall specify in such notice the number of Registrable Securities to be included in the applicable Registration
Statement.  
      5  

(e)  Underwritten Offerings . If any registration or offering pursuant to
Section 2.1 involves an underwritten offering (whether on a  firm,   best efforts  or  all reasonable efforts  basis or otherwise), or an agented offering, the Majority Selling Holders shall have the right to
select the underwriter or underwriters and manager or managers to administer such underwritten offering or the placement agent or agents for such agented offering. 
 2.2  Piggy-Back Registration Rights . (a) To the extent a Holder s Registrable Securities have not been registered
pursuant to  Section 2.1(a) , if (i) the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities by the Company for its own account (other than a Shelf
Registration Statement relating to primary offerings by the Company) or for any of the other security holders of the Company for their account (other than pursuant to  Section 2.1 ) or (ii) equity securities of the Company are to
be sold in an underwritten offering (whether or not for the account of the Company) (other than pursuant to  Section 2.1 ) pursuant to an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement or a Registration Statement covering the Registrable
Securities, then the Company shall (i) give prompt written notice of such proposed filing and/or offering to all Holders if an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement is used in such offering or, if an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement is
not used, those Holders with Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, as soon as practicable but in no event less than 10 Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement or anticipated
date of pricing of such underwritten offering, which notice shall, subject to the Holder agreeing in writing to keep such information confidential, describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of
distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter(s) or Agent, if any, of the offering, and (ii) offer to the Holders in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of or include in such offering, as applicable, such number
of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five Business Days following receipt of such notice (a   Piggy-Back Registration  ). If at any time after giving written notice of its intention to register any
securities and prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement filed in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration or prior to the pricing of any such underwritten offering, the Company shall determine for any reason not to register or
to delay registration of such securities or to discontinue such underwritten offering, as applicable, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such determination to each Holder and, (x) in the case of a determination not to
register or to discontinue such offering, shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable Securities in connection with such registration or undertake such offering, as applicable, and (y) in the case of a determination to delay
registering, shall be permitted to delay registering any Registrable Securities for the same period as the delay in registering such other securities. The Company shall cause all of the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a
non-underwritten registration to be included in such registration and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter(s) of a proposed underwritten offering (or Agent with respect to an agented offering) to permit the
inclusion of the Registrable Securities requested in such underwritten or agented offering to be so included on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included therein and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the managing underwriter(s) to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through a
Piggy-Back Registration that involves an underwriter(s) or Agent shall (i) in connection with such distribution enter into an underwriting or agency agreement, as applicable, in reasonable and customary form with the
 
      6  

underwriter(s) or Agent selected by the Company or the Person exercising demand registration rights, as applicable, and (ii) complete and execute all questionnaires, powers-of-attorney,
indemnities, opinions and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting agreement or agency agreement, as applicable;  provided , that any such indemnities, contribution or expense reimbursement obligations shall
not be more onerous to the Holders than those set forth under  Section 4  and  Section 5  of this Agreement.  
 (b)  Withdrawal . Any Holder may elect to withdraw such Holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the pricing of an underwritten offering, as applicable. The Company (whether on its own
determination or as the result of a withdrawal by Persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement without thereby
incurring any liability to the Holders. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the Holders in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in  Section 5 .  
  Section 3. Additional Obligations of the Company and the Holders   
 3.1  Obligations of the Company . Other than as explicitly set forth below, when the Company is required to effect the registration
of any Registrable Securities or facilitate or effect any offering pursuant to  Section 2  of this Agreement, the Company shall:  
 (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities by the time the applicable Registration
Statement is declared effective by the Commission under all applicable state securities or  blue sky  laws of such jurisdictions as any Holder may reasonably request in writing, (ii) keep each such registration or qualification
effective during the period such Registration Statement is required to be kept effective pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) cooperate with the Holders and the underwriters or Agents, if any, and their respective counsel in connection with any
filings required to be made with FINRA or other applicable regulatory authorities, and (iv) to do any and all other similar acts and things that may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the Holders to consummate the disposition of the
Registrable Securities in each such jurisdiction;  provided ,  however , that the Company shall not be required to (A) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction as a foreign corporation or to register as a broker or
dealer in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify or register but for this Agreement, (B) take any action that would cause it to become subject to any taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be
subject to such taxation or (C) take any action that would subject it to the general service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not then so subject;  
 (b) promptly notify each Selling Holder of the receipt, and provide copies to the Selling Holders, of any comments or other correspondence
from staff of the Commission with respect to any Registration Statement and use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond to such comments and provide copies of such responses to the Selling Holders;  
 (c) as promptly as practicable, prepare and file with the Commission, if necessary, such amendments and supplements to the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement or any document incorporated therein by reference  
      7  

or file any other required document as may be necessary to cause or maintain the effectiveness of such Registration Statement for so long as such Registration Statement is required to be kept
effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules thereunder with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement and the instructions applicable to the registration form used by the
Company;    (d) in the event that any Registrable Securities included in a Registration Statement subject to, or required by, this Agreement
remain unsold at the end of the period during which the Company is obligated to maintain the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement for the purpose of removing such securities from
registered status;    (e) furnish, without charge, to the Holders such number of copies of the Registration Statement, each amendment and
supplement thereto (in each case including all exhibits, but excluding any documents to be incorporated by reference therein that are publicly available on the Commission s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system
(  EDGAR  )), and the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus) in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act as the Holders or any underwriter or Agent may reasonably
request for use in and in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Holders;  
 (f) if a disposition of Registrable Securities takes the form of an underwritten or agented offering, any  bought deal  or block
trade, promptly enter into customary agreements (including, in the case of an underwritten offering, underwriting agreements in customary form, and including provisions with respect to indemnification and contribution in customary form and
consistent with the provisions relating to indemnification and contribution contained herein) and promptly take all other customary actions at such times as customarily occur in similar registered offerings in order to facilitate the disposition of
such Registrable Securities and in connection therewith, including:    (i) make such representations and warranties to the
Selling Holders and the underwriters, if any, in form, substance and scope as are customarily made by issuers in similar underwritten offerings;  
 (ii) obtain opinions of counsel to the Company and updates thereof (which counsel and opinions (in form, scope and substance)
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Selling Holders and the Underwriter s Representative or Agent, if any) addressed to each Selling Holder and the underwriters, if any, covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in
sales of securities or underwritten offerings and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such Selling Holders and the lead managing underwriter, and the Company shall furnish to each Selling Holder a signed counterpart of any such
legal opinion;    (iii) obtain  cold comfort  letters and updates thereof from the Company s independent
certified public accountants addressed to the Selling Holders, if permissible, and the underwriters, if any, which letters shall be customary in form and shall cover matters of the type customarily covered in  cold comfort  letters to
underwriters in connection with primary underwritten offerings, and the Company shall furnish to each Selling Holder a signed counterpart of any such comfort letter; and  
      8  

(iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain executed lock-up agreements
from the officers and directors of the Company and from the holders of more than 5% of the Company s equity securities (who are, or whose associated persons are, bound by the Company s insider trading policy), if requested by the
underwriters for such time periods as the underwriters may reasonably request.    (g) promptly notify the Holders: (i) when the
Registration Statement, any pre-effective amendment, the Prospectus or any prospectus supplement related thereto or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed, and, with respect to the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation or threat of any proceedings for that purpose,
and (iii) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or  blue sky  laws of any jurisdiction or the initiation of
any proceeding for such purpose;    (h) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement or suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification under state securities or  blue sky  laws, and, if any such order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or
suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification under state securities or  blue sky  laws is issued, shall promptly use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest possible moment
(and shall provide the Holders with prompt notice thereof);    (i) after the filing of a Registration Statement and thereafter until the
expiration of the period during which the Company is required to maintain the effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement as set forth in the applicable sections above, promptly notify the Holders: (i) of the existence of any fact of
which the Company is aware or the happening of any event which has resulted in (A) the Registration Statement, as then in effect, containing an untrue statement of a material fact or omitting to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make any statements therein not misleading, (B) the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement containing an untrue statement of a material fact or omitting to state a material fact necessary to make any
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (C) the representations and warranties of or relating to the Company contained in any agreement for the sale of any Registrable Securities under
a Registration Statement ceasing to be true and correct in any material respect and (ii) of the Company s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate or required or that there
exist circumstances not yet disclosed to the public which make further sales under such Registration Statement inadvisable pending such disclosure and post-effective amendment; and, if the notification relates to any event described in either of
clauses (i) or (ii) of this  Section 3.1(i) , at the request of the Majority Selling Holders, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to
the Prospectus and furnish to the Holders a reasonable number of copies of such post-effective amendment or supplement or file any other required document so that (x) such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and (y) such Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;  
      9  

(j) in the event that the Common Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed, and to maintain the listing of such Registrable Securities, on the national securities exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed and cause to be
satisfied all requirements and conditions of such securities exchange to the listing or quoting of such securities that are reasonably within the control of the Company including registering the applicable class of Registrable Securities under the
Exchange Act, if appropriate, and using commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective pursuant to the rules of the Commission in accordance with the terms hereof;  
 (k) if requested by any Holder participating in the offering of Registrable Securities, incorporate in a prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment such information concerning the Holder or the intended method of distribution as the Holder reasonably requests to be included therein and is reasonably necessary to permit the sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
the Registration Statement, including information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other material terms of the offering;  
 (l) make available to its stockholders, as soon as practicable but no later than 90 days following the end of the 12-month period
beginning with the first month of the Company s first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of each Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement an earnings statement satisfying the provisions
of  Section 11(a)  of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder;    (m) make the Company s executive officers
available for customary presentations to investors to discuss the affairs of the Company at times that may be mutually and reasonably agreed upon (including to the extent customary, senior management participation in due diligence calls with the
underwriters (or Agent) and their counsel and, in the case of any marketed underwritten offering, participation in any road show as reasonably requested by the lead managing underwriters for such offering), and provide the Holders, the underwriters
and their respective counsel, accountants and other advisors (the   Inspectors  ) reasonable access to its books and records as shall be reasonably requested in order to conduct a reasonable due diligence investigation within the
meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any applicable Registration Statement;  provided , that such Inspectors agree to keep such information confidential (subject to customary exceptions) unless the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in such Registration Statement;    (n) in connection with the preparation and
filing of any Registration Statement, Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, (i) give the Selling Holders, the underwriters or Agent (if applicable) and their respective counsels the opportunity to review and provide comments on
such Registration Statement, each Prospectus included therein or filed with the Commission, and each amendment thereof or supplement thereto, (ii) fairly and in good faith consider such comments in any such documents prior to the filing thereof
as the counsel to the Holders or underwriters may reasonably request, and (iii) make available such of the Company s representatives as shall be reasonably requested by the Holders or any underwriter for discussion of such documents;  
      10  

(o) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement from and after a date not later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;  
 (p) cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely delivery, preparation and delivery of certificates (or evidence of direct
registration), with requisite CUSIP numbers, representing Registrable Securities to be sold;    (q) to the extent the Company is a WKSI
during the period in which this Agreement is in effect, use commercially reasonable efforts to take such actions as under its control to remain a WKSI and not become an ineligible issuer during the period when any Registration Statement remains in
effect; and    (r) take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of Registrable
Securities included in each such registration.     Section 4. Indemnification; Contribution   
 4.1  Indemnification by the Company . The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder and each Person, if any, who
controls any Holder within the meaning of  Section 15  of the Securities Act or  Section 20  of the Exchange Act, and any of their partners, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or
representatives, as follows:    (i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, action, cost, judgment and expense
whatsoever (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of attorneys and other professionals), as incurred, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement (or any amendment thereto) pursuant to which the Registrable Securities were registered under the Securities Act, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto), including all documents incorporated therein by reference, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading;    (ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, action, cost, judgment and expense whatsoever
(including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of attorneys and other professionals), as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body,
commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; and  
 (iii) against any and all cost or expense whatsoever, as incurred (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of
attorneys and other professionals), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, defending against or participating in (as  
      11  

a witness or otherwise) any litigation, or investigation or proceeding by any third party or governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, in each case whether or not a party, or any
claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under subparagraph (i) or (ii) above;  
  provided ,  however , that the indemnity provided pursuant to this  Section 4.1  does not apply to any Holder with respect
to any loss, liability, claim, damage, action, cost, judgment or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).  
 4.2  Indemnification by Holder . Each Holder (and each permitted assignee of such Holder, on a several basis) severally and not
jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and each of its directors and officers (including each director and officer of the Company who signed a Registration Statement), and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of  Section 15  of the Securities Act or  Section 20  of the Exchange Act, as follows:  
 (i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, action, cost, judgment and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out
of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) pursuant to which the Registrable Securities of such Holder were registered under the Securities
Act, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of or based upon
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), including all documents incorporated therein by reference, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;  
 (ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, judgment and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the
aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged
untrue statement or omission, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Holder; and    (iii) against any
and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, defending against or participating in (as a witness or otherwise) any litigation, or investigation or
proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, in each case whether or not a party, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent
that any such expense is not paid under subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above;     provided ,  however , that the indemnity provided
pursuant to this  Section 4.2  shall only apply with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage, action, cost judgment or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission made in  
      12  

reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or the Prospectus (or
any amendment or supplement thereto). Notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 4.2 , a Holder and any permitted assignee shall not be required to indemnify the Company, its officers, directors or control persons with respect to
any amount in excess of the amount of the total net proceeds to the Holder or such permitted assignee, as the case may be, from sales of the Registrable Securities of the Holder under the Registration Statement or Prospectus, as applicable, that is
the subject of the indemnification claim.    4.3  Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . An indemnified party hereunder shall
give reasonably prompt notice to the indemnifying party of any action or proceeding commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) shall not relieve it from any
liability which it may have under the indemnity agreement provided in  Section 4.1  or  4.2  above, unless and only to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and the lack of notice by the indemnified
party results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses, and (ii) shall not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification
obligation provided under  Section 4.1  or  4.2  above and the contribution obligation provided in  Section 4.4  below. If the indemnifying party so elects within a reasonable time after receipt
of such notice, the indemnifying party may assume the defense of such action or proceeding at such indemnifying party s own expense with counsel chosen by the indemnifying party and approved by the indemnified party, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld;  provided ,  however , that the indemnifying party will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any such action or proceeding without the written consent of the
indemnified party unless such settlement, compromise or consent secures the unconditional release of the indemnified party and does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any
indemnified party; and  provided ,  further , that, if the indemnified party reasonably determines that a conflict of interest exists where it is advisable for the indemnified party to be represented by separate counsel or that,
upon advice of counsel, there may be legal defenses available to it which are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party (or in the situation where the indemnifying party fails to take reasonable steps necessary to
defend diligently the action or proceeding within 20 Business Days after receiving notice from the indemnified party that the indemnified party believes the indemnifying party has failed to do so), then the indemnifying party shall not be entitled
to assume such defense and the indemnified party shall be entitled to separate counsel at the indemnifying party s expense, it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action, claim or
proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions, claims or proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one
additional firm of attorneys (together with appropriate local counsel) at any time for all such indemnified parties. If the indemnifying party is not entitled to assume the defense of such action or proceeding as a result of the second proviso to
the preceding sentence, the indemnifying party s counsel shall be entitled to conduct the indemnifying party s defense and counsel for the indemnified party shall be entitled to conduct the defense of the indemnified party, it being
understood that both such counsel will cooperate with each other to conduct the defense of such action or proceeding as efficiently as possible. If the indemnifying party is not so entitled to assume the defense of such
 
      13  

action or does not assume such defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable for any settlement effected without the written consent of the indemnifying party, not to be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned. If an indemnifying party is entitled to assume, and assumes, the defense of such action or proceeding in accordance with this paragraph, the indemnifying party shall not be liable for any fees and expenses of
counsel for the indemnified party incurred thereafter in connection with such action or proceeding.    4.4  Contribution . In
order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity agreement provided for in  Sections 4.1  and  4.2  above is for any reason held to be unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction to any indemnified party although applicable in accordance with its terms, the Company and the relevant Holder shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages, actions, costs, judgments and expenses of the nature
contemplated by such indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and the Holder, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Holder on the other hand, in connection with the statements or
omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages, actions, costs, judgments or expenses. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or the indemnified party, and the
parties  relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action.    The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just or equitable if contribution pursuant to this  Section 4.4  were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this  Section 4.4 , a Holder shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount that it would have been obligated to pay by way
of indemnification if the indemnification provided for under  Section 4.2  had been available under the circumstances.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of  Section 11(f)  of
the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any indemnifying party who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this  Section 4.4 , each Person, if any, who controls a Holder within the
meaning of  Section 15  of the Securities Act or  Section 20  of the Exchange Act, and any of their partners, members, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, shall have the same rights to
contribution as the Holder, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed a Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of  Section 15  of the Securities Act
or  Section 20  of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company.    In addition, no Person
shall be obligated to contribute hereunder for any amounts in payment for any settlement of any action or claim, effected without such Person s written consent.  
 4.5  Survival . The indemnification and contribution provisions in this Section 4 shall be a continuing right and shall survive
the registration and sale of any securities by any Person entitled to indemnification or contribution, as applicable hereunder, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
      14  

Section 5. Registration Expenses   
 The Company shall pay all expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its registration obligations under Section 2 above,
including (i) all expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing and distribution of any Registration Statement and Prospectus and all amendments and supplements thereto, (ii) Commission and state securities registration,
listing and filing fees, (iii) all fees and expenses of complying with securities or  blue sky  laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Holders in connection with  blue sky  qualifications of the
securities and determination of their eligibility for investment under the laws of such jurisdictions), (iv) all Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. fees and fees of any applicable stock exchange, (v) fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company and fees and expenses for the independent certified public accountants retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with the delivery of any opinions or comfort letters), (vi) all internal expenses
of the Company (including all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties); (vii) the fees and expenses of any Person, including special experts, retained by the Company in connection with the
preparation of any Registration Statement; and (viii) the fees and disbursements of counsel representing the Holders registering Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement and/or participating in the offering, as applicable.
Each Holder shall be responsible for the payment of any brokerage and sales commissions, fees and disbursements of the Holder s accountants and other advisors (other than legal counsel to the Holders), and any transfer taxes relating to the
sale or disposition of the Registrable Securities by such Holder pursuant to this Agreement. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any other costs or expenses incurred by the Holders, including underwriting discounts or selling commissions
attributable to the Registrable Securities being sold by the Holders thereof, which underwriting discounts or selling commissions shall be borne by such Holders. In addition, in an underwritten offering, all selling stockholders and the Company
shall bear the expenses of the underwriters,  pro rata , in proportion to the respective amount of shares each sells in such offering.  
  Section 6. Rule 144 Compliance     The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file as and when applicable, on a timely basis, all reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make and keep current public
information available as specified in paragraph (c) of Rule 144 (or any successor rule) promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take such further action as may be reasonably required from
time to time to enable the Holders to Transfer Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration. Upon the request of any
Holder, the Company will deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements and, if not, the specifics thereof, as well as any such other information as may be reasonably requested to allow such Holder to
sell its Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144. In connection with any Transfer of Registrable Securities by a Holder pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, the Company shall cooperate with the Holder to facilitate
 
      15  

the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any Securities Act legend, and enable certificates for such Registrable
Securities to be for such number of shares and registered in such names as Holder may reasonably request at least five Business Days prior to any sale of Registrable Securities hereunder or, if practicable, and at the request of such Holder, have
such Registrable Securities delivered electronically via DWAC through the Depository Trust Company.     Section 7. Miscellaneous   
 7.1  Additional Agreements; Certain Transactions .  
 (a) In the event that any Common Shares or other securities are issued in respect of, or in exchange for, or in substitution of the
Registrable Securities by reason of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, spin-off, partial or complete liquidation, share dividend, split-up, sale of assets, distribution to stockholders or combination of
the shares or any other similar change in the Company s capital structure, the Company agrees that appropriate adjustments shall be made to this Agreement to ensure that the Holders have, immediately after consummation of such transaction,
substantially the same rights from the Company or another issuer of securities, as applicable, as it has immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction in respect of the Registrable Securities under this Agreement.  
 (b) The Company shall not enter into any agreement with respect to the Company s securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted
to the Holders under this Agreement, and no such agreement is currently in effect.    7.2  In-Kind Distributions . If any Holder
seeks to effectuate an in-kind distribution of all or part of its Registrable Securities to its direct or indirect equity holders, the Company will cooperate with such Holder and the Company s transfer agent to facilitate such in-kind
distribution in the manner reasonably requested by such Holder and consistent with the Company s obligations under the Securities Act.  
 7.3  Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. The express terms of this Agreement control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms of this Agreement.  
 7.4  Amendments and Waivers .  
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this  Section 7.4 , may not be amended, modified or
supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given without the written consent of the Company and the Holders of two-thirds of the outstanding Registrable Securities. Any amendment or waiver effected in
accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon each Holder, each future Holder, and the Company.  
      16  

(b) Notice of any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement adopted in accordance
with this  Section 7.4  shall be provided by the Company to the Holders prior to the effective date of such amendment, modification or supplement.  
 7.5  No Implied Waivers; Remedies . No failure or delay on the part of any party in exercising any right, privilege, power, or
remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing shall operate as a waiver of any such right, privilege, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, privilege, power or remedy under this Agreement preclude any other
or further exercise of any such right, privilege, power or remedy or the exercise of any other right, privilege, power or remedy. No waiver shall be asserted against any party unless signed in writing by such party. The rights, privileges, powers
and remedies available to the parties are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights, privileges, powers or remedies provided by statute, at law, in equity or otherwise.  
 7.6  Assignment .  
 (a) Except as expressly provided in this  Section 7.6 , the rights of the parties hereto cannot be assigned and any purported
assignment or Transfer to the contrary shall be void  ab initio . Subject to the terms and limitations contained this  Section 7.6 , any Holder may assign any of its rights under this Agreement, without the consent of the
Company, (x) to any Person to whom such Holder Transfers any Registrable Securities or any rights to acquire Registrable Securities so long as such Transfer is not made pursuant to an effective Registration Statement or pursuant to Rule 144 (or
any successor provision thereto) under the Securities Act or (y) in connection with a pledge of Registrable Securities to a  bona fide  lender.  
 (b) Notwithstanding  Section 7.6(a) , no Holder may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such
Holder Transfers any Registrable Securities if the Transfer of such Registrable Securities requires registration under the Securities Act.  
 (c) The nature and extent of any rights assigned shall be as agreed to between the assigning party and the assignee. No Person may be assigned
any rights under this Agreement unless (x) the Company is given written notice by the assigning party at the time of such assignment stating the name and address of the assignee, identifying the securities of the Company as to which rights are
being assigned, and providing a description of the nature and extent of the rights that are being assigned and (y) the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a  Holder ,
including the provisions of this  Section 7.6 .    (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Special Limited Partner and the
Adviser may each assign its rights, under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company to one or more of its Affiliates;  provided , that either (i) each of the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser remains
responsible for the obligations under this Agreement with respect to such assignee or (ii) the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as a  Holder , including the provisions
of this  Section 7.6 .    7.7  Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement will be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement is not intended, and shall not be construed, to confer any rights or benefits on any Persons that are not party hereto other than
as expressly set forth in  Section 4  and  Section 7.6 .  
      17  

7.8  Notices .  
 (a) All notices, demands or requests provided for or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing, to the following
addresses:      

(i) if to the Company: 
    
   Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer   Fax: (646) 253-8782 
 Email: paul.quinlan@blackstone.com   

with required copies to: 
    
   Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   425
Lexington Avenue   New York, New York 10017   Attention: Andrew
R. Keller   Fax: (212) 455-2502   Email:
akeller@stblaw.com   

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: Leon Volchyok   Email:
leon.volchyok@blackstone.com   

(ii) if to the Special Limited Partner: 
    
   BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C.   c/o The
Blackstone Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue   New York, New York
10154   Attention: Paul Quinlan   Email:
paul.quinlan@blackstone.com   

with required copies to: 
    
   Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   425
Lexington Avenue   New York, New York 10017   Attention: Michael
Wolitzer   Email: mwolitzer@stblaw.com   

BREIT Special Limited Partner L.L.C.   c/o The
Blackstone Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue   New York, New York
10154   Attention: Leon Volchyok   Email:
leon.volchyok@blackstone.com    
      18  

(iii) if to the Adviser: 
    
   BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.   c/o The Blackstone
Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: General Counsel   Email:
judy.turchin@blackstone.com   

with required copies to: 
    
   Simpson Thacher   Bartlett LLP   425
Lexington Avenue   New York, New York 10017   Attention: Michael
Wolitzer   Email: mwolitzer@stblaw.com   

BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.   c/o The Blackstone
Group L.P.   345 Park Avenue   New York, New York 10154 
 Attention: Leon Volchyok   Email:
leon.volchyok@blackstone.com   
   (iv) if to any Holder other than the Special Limited Partner or the Adviser, to the address contained in the
records of the Company, or at such other address as the addressee may have furnished in writing to the sender as provided herein.    (b) Any
notice or demand that may or are required to be given hereunder by any party to another shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) personally delivered or delivered by facsimile or electronic mail, when received or (ii) sent by U.S.
Express Mail or recognized overnight courier, on the second following Business Day (or third following Business Day if mailed outside the United States).  
 7.9  Specific Performance . The parties hereto acknowledge that the obligations undertaken by them hereunder are unique and that
there would be no adequate remedy at law if any party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, and accordingly agree that each party, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity, shall be entitled to
(i) compel specific performance of the obligations, covenants and agreements of any other party under this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (ii) obtain preliminary injunctive relief to secure
specific performance and to prevent a breach or contemplated breach of this Agreement in any court of the United States or any State thereof having jurisdiction, and in any such case, no bond or security shall be required in connection therewith.
   7.10  GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF  
      19  

THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR ANY DISTRICT
WITHIN SUCH STATE FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY ACTION OR JUDGMENT RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN SUCH COURT.  
 7.11  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS
LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY
ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.  
 7.12  Headings; References; Interpretation . The headings contained in this Agreement are solely for convenience and reference and
shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. The references herein to Sections, unless otherwise indicated, are references to sections of this Agreement. Whenever the words
 include ,  includes , or  including  are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words  without limitation . Unless the context requires otherwise, all words used in this Agreement
in the singular number shall extend to and include the plural number, all words in the plural number shall extend to and include the singular number, and all words in any gender shall extend to and include all genders. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, this Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction against the party drafting or causing this instrument to be drafted.  
 7.13  Severability . If any provision of the Agreement shall be held to be invalid, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be
affected thereby.    7.14  Counterparts; Facsimile; PDF . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts of this
Agreement, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Any facsimile or Adobe portable document format copies hereof or signature hereon shall, for all purposes, be deemed
originals.  
      20  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to be duly executed on
its behalf as of the date first herein above set forth.     COMPANY:       

BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 President  

HOLDERS:   

BREIT SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER L.L.C.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  

BX REIT Advisors L.L.C.  

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal   

Name: 
   
 A.J. Agarwal  

Title: 
   
 Authorized Signatory  
   [ Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement ]  
      21  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 7
 d464593dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4   
  ESCROW AGREEMENT      THIS
ESCROW AGREEMENT  (this   Escrow Agreement  ), dated as of August 17, 2016, is entered into by and among Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the   Company  ), Blackstone Advisory
Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as dealer manager for the Company (the   Dealer Manager  ), and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the   Escrow Agent  ).  
  WHEREAS , the Company is registering for sale in a public offering (the   Offering  ) a maximum of $5,000,000,000 in
shares of its common stock, $10.00 par value per share, consisting of Class D common stock, Class I common stock and Class T common stock (collectively, the   Shares  ), pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-11 (File No. 333- 213043), as amended from time to time;     WHEREAS , the Dealer Manager has been engaged by the Company to
offer and sell the Shares on a best-efforts basis in the Offering through a network of participating broker-dealers (the   Dealers    
  WHEREAS , the Company and the Dealer Manager desire to establish an escrow account (the   Escrow Account  ) as further
described herein and to deposit funds contributed by subscribers subscribing to purchase Shares (  Subscribers  ) with the Escrow Agent in the Escrow Account, to be held for the benefit of the Subscribers and the Company until such
time as subscriptions for the Minimum Amount (as defined below) has been deposited into the Escrow Account in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement;  
  WHEREAS , DST Systems, Inc. (the   Processing Agent  ) has been engaged to receive, examine for  good order 
and facilitate subscriptions into the Escrow Account as further described herein and to act as record keeper, maintaining on behalf of the Escrow Agent the ownership records for the Escrow Account; and  
  WHEREAS , the Escrow Agent is willing to accept appointment as escrow agent upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.  
  NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:      

1.  
  Escrow of Subscriber Funds.       (a) On or before the commencement of the Offering, the
Company shall establish the Escrow Account with the Escrow Agent, which shall be entitled  UMB Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  All funds received from Subscribers in payment for the Shares
(  Subscriber Funds  ) which comply with the instructions set forth in Section 2(a) will be delivered to the Escrow Agent promptly following the day upon which such Subscriber Funds are received by the Processing Agent and such
subscription is accepted by the Company, and shall, upon receipt of good and collected funds by the Escrow Agent, be retained in the Escrow Account by the Escrow Agent and invested as stated below. Subscriber Funds also may be wired directly to the
Escrow Account using wire instructions provided by the Escrow Agent. Such Subscriber Funds shall be retained in the Escrow Account by the Escrow Agent and invested as set forth in Section 8 and shall be deposited within one (1) business
day of receipt.    (b) Escrow Agent shall have no duty to make any disbursement, investment or other use of Subscriber Funds until and
unless it has good and collected funds. In the event that any checks deposited in the Escrow Account are returned or prove uncollectible after the funds represented thereby have been released by the Escrow Agent, then the Company shall promptly
reimburse the Escrow Agent for any and  

all reasonable costs incurred for such, upon request, and the Escrow Agent shall deliver the returned checks to the Company. The Escrow Agent shall be under no duty or responsibility to enforce
collection of any check delivered to it hereunder. The Escrow Agent reserves the right to deny, suspend or terminate participation by a Subscriber to the extent the Escrow Agent deems it advisable or necessary to comply with applicable laws.  

2.  
  Operation of the Escrow.       (a) Until such time as the Company has received subscriptions
for Shares resulting in gross subscription proceeds equal to the Minimum Offering (as defined below) and the funds in the Escrow Account are disbursed from the Escrow Account in accordance with  Section 2(b)  hereof, Subscribers will be
instructed to make checks, drafts, wires, Automated Clearing House (ACH) or money orders (  Instruments of Payment  ) for subscriptions payable to the order of  UMB Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for Blackstone Real Estate Income
Trust, Inc. . Completed subscription agreements and Instruments of Payment for the purchase price shall be remitted to the address designated for the receipt of such agreements and Instruments of Payment. Any Instruments of Payment made payable
to a party other than the Escrow Agent shall be returned to the Dealer Manager or the Dealer who submitted such Instrument of Payment. When the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures are conducted at the site at which the Instruments of
Payment and the Subscription Materials (as defined below) are initially received by the Dealer, by the end of the next business day after receipt of any Instruments of Payment and Subscription Materials, the Dealer will send to the Escrow Agent such
Instruments of Payment along with each Subscriber s name, address, executed IRS Form W-9, number and class of Shares purchased and purchase price remitted and any other subscription documentation (the   Subscription Materials  ).
When the Dealer s internal supervisory procedures are conducted at a different location (the   Final Review Office  ), the Dealer shall transmit the Instruments of Payment and the Subscription Materials to the Final Review Office
by the end of the next business day after receipt of any Instruments of Payment and Subscription Materials, and then the Final Review Office will, by the end of the next business day following its receipt of the Instruments of Payment and the
Subscription Materials, forward the Instruments of Payment and the Subscription Materials to the Escrow Agent. To the extent that subscription agreements and payments are remitted by the Processing Agent, the Company, the Dealer Manager or a Dealer,
the Processing Agent, the Company, the Dealer Manager or a Dealer, as applicable, will furnish to the Escrow Agent a list detailing information regarding such subscriptions as set forth in  Exhibit A . The Processing Agent will promptly deliver
all monies received in good order from Subscribers (or from the Company, the Dealer Manager or Dealers transmitting monies and subscriptions from Subscribers) for the payment of Shares to the Escrow Agent for deposit in the Escrow Account. Deposits
shall be held in the Escrow Account until such funds are disbursed in accordance with  Section 2 . Prior to disbursement of the funds deposited in the Escrow Account, such funds shall not be subject to claims by creditors of the Company or
any of its affiliates. If any of the Instruments of Payment are returned to the Escrow Agent for nonpayment prior to the satisfaction of the Minimum Amount, the Escrow Agent shall promptly notify the Processing Agent and the Company in writing via
mail, email or facsimile of such nonpayment, and the Escrow Agent is authorized to debit the Escrow Account, as applicable, in the amount of such returned payment as well as any interest earned on the amount of such payment and the Processing Agent
shall delete the appropriate account from the records maintained by the Processing Agent. The Processing Agent will maintain a written account of each sale, which account shall set forth, among other things, the following information: (i) the
Subscriber s name and address, (ii) the number and class of Shares purchased by such Subscriber, and (iii) the amount paid by such Subscriber for such Shares. Prior to the satisfaction of the Minimum Amount, neither the Company nor
the Dealer Manager will be entitled to any funds received into the Escrow Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the satisfaction of the Minimum Amount, upon the written request of a Subscriber (which may be delivered by the Company or
Dealer Manager) to withdraw their purchase order and request a full refund, the Escrow Agent shall disburse directly to such Subscriber the principal amount of the subscription payment from such Subscriber received by the Escrow Agent plus any
interest accrued thereon.  
      2  

(b) If at any time on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below), the subscription
proceeds received by the Escrow Agent are equal to or greater than $150,000,000, excluding Shares purchased by the Company s sponsor, its affiliates and the Company s officers and directors (  Minimum Amount  ), the Company
shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a written instruction from an officer of the Company stating that the Minimum Amount has been timely raised and authorizing the delivery of all Subscriber Funds in the Escrow Account to the Company. Thereafter, the
Escrow Agent shall (i) promptly disburse to the Company, by check or wire transfer, the funds in the Escrow Account representing the principal amount of the gross subscription payments from Subscribers received by the Escrow Agent and
(ii) within five (5) business days after the first business day of the succeeding month, disburse to such Subscribers any interest accrued thereon;  provided ,  however , that the Escrow Agent shall not disburse those funds of a
Subscriber whose subscription has been rejected or rescinded of which the Escrow Agent has been notified in writing by the Company, or otherwise in accordance with the Company s written request.  
 (c) After the satisfaction of the provisions of this  Section 2  with respect to the disbursement of funds, in the event that the
Company receives subscriptions made payable to the Escrow Agent, subscription proceeds may continue to be received in the Escrow Account, but to the extent that the process shall not be subject to escrow due to the Company reaching the Minimum
Amount, the proceeds shall not be subject to this Escrow Agreement, and at the written instruction of the Company to the Escrow Agent, shall be disbursed as directed by the Company. The terms of this  Section 2(c)  shall survive the
assignment or termination of this Escrow Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent.    (d) If, as of the close of
business on the one year anniversary of the commencement of the Offering (the   Expiration Date  ), the funds in the Escrow Account do not equal or exceed the Minimum Amount, within ten (10) days following the Expiration Date,
the Escrow Agent shall promptly return directly to each Subscriber (i) by check or wire transfer, the Subscriber Funds deposited in the Escrow Account on behalf of such Subscriber (unless earlier disbursed in accordance with this Escrow
Agreement), or (ii) the Instruments of Payment delivered to the Escrow Agent with respect to such Subscriber s subscription if such Instrument of Payment has not been processed for collection prior to such time, in either case, together
with any interest income thereon. Notwithstanding the above, in the event the Escrow Agent has not received an executed IRS Form W-9 at such time for each Subscriber, the Escrow Agent and shall remit an amount to the Subscribers in accordance with
the provisions hereof, withholding the applicable percentage for backup withholding required by the Internal Revenue Code, as then in effect, from any interest income on subscription proceeds attributable to each Subscriber for whom the Escrow Agent
does not possess an executed IRS Form W-9. However, the Escrow Agent shall not be required to remit any payments until the Escrow Agent has collected funds represented by such payments.  

3.  
  Identity of Subscribers.       The Company, Processing Agent or the Dealer Manager shall
furnish to the Escrow Agent with each delivery of an Instrument of Payment, a list of the Subscribers who have paid for the Shares showing the name, address, tax identification number, amount and class of Shares subscribed for and the amount paid
and deposited with the Escrow Agent. This information comprising the identity of Subscribers shall be provided to the Escrow Agent in the format set forth on  Exhibit A  to this Escrow Agreement (the   List of Subscribers  ). All
Subscriber Funds so deposited shall not be subject to any liens or charges by the Company, the Dealer Manager or the Escrow Agent, or judgments or creditors  claims against the Company, until released to the Company as hereinafter provided. The
Company understands and agrees that the Company shall not be entitled to any Subscriber Funds on deposit in the Escrow Account and no  
      3  

such funds shall become the property of the Company except when released to the Company pursuant to this Escrow Agreement. The Company, the Dealer Manager and the Escrow Agent will treat all
Subscriber information as confidential. The Escrow Agent shall not be required to accept any funds from Subscribers that are not accompanied by the information on the List of Subscribers.  

4.  
  Rejected Subscriptions.       In the event the Escrow Agent receives written notice from the
Company or the Dealer Manager that the Company or Dealer Manager has rejected a Subscriber s subscription, the Escrow Agent shall pay directly to the applicable Subscriber, within ten (10) business days after receiving notice of the
rejection, by first class United States Mail at the address appearing on the List of Subscribers, or at such other address or wire instructions as are furnished to the Escrow Agent by the Subscriber in writing, all collected sums paid by the
Subscriber for Shares and received by the Escrow Agent, together with all interest earned thereon.      

5.  
  Term of Escrow.       Unless otherwise provided in this Escrow Agreement, final termination
of this Escrow Agreement shall occur on the earliest of the date that (a) all funds held in the Escrow Account are distributed either to the Company or to Subscribers and the Company has informed the Escrow Agent in writing to close the Escrow
Account, (b) all funds held in the Escrow Account are distributed to a successor escrow agent upon written instructions from the Company or (c) the Escrow Agent receives written notice from the Company or the Dealer Manager that the
Company terminated the Offering and any funds held in the Escrow Account are distributed in accordance with this Escrow Agreement. After the termination of this Escrow Agreement, the Company and the Dealer Manager shall not deposit, and the Escrow
Agent shall not accept, any additional amounts representing payments by prospective Subscribers.      

6.  
  Duty and Limitation on Liability of the Escrow Agent.       (a) The Escrow Agent s
rights and responsibilities shall be governed solely by this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall at all times comply with applicable securities or other laws in performing its duties pursuant to this Escrow Agreement provided the Escrow Agent
shall be deemed in compliance with the foregoing and protected in relying upon the written direction of the Company and shall have no independent obligation to evaluate whether an act or omission complies with applicable securities or other laws.
Neither the Offering documents, nor any other agreement or document shall govern the Escrow Agent even if such other agreement or document is referred to herein, is deposited with, or is otherwise known to, the Escrow Agent.  
 (b) The Escrow Agent shall be under no duty to determine whether the Company or the Dealer Manager is complying with the requirements of the
Offering or applicable securities or other laws in tendering the Subscriber Funds to the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall not be responsible for, or be required to enforce, any of the terms or conditions of any Offering document or other
agreement between the Company or the Dealer Manager and any other party.    (c) The Escrow Agent may conclusively rely upon and shall be
fully protected in acting upon any statement, certificate, notice, request, consent, order, opinion or advice of counsel, or other document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
The Escrow Agent shall have no duty or liability to verify any such statement, certificate, notice, request, consent, order or other document. Upon or before the execution of this Escrow Agreement, the Company and the Dealer Manager shall deliver to
the Escrow Agent authorized signers  lists in the form of  Exhibit B  to this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall not be bound by any notice of demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Escrow Agreement or
any of the terms hereof, unless  
      4  

evidenced by a writing delivered to the Escrow Agent signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Escrow Agent are affected, unless it shall give its prior written
consent thereto. The Escrow Agent shall not be responsible, may conclusively rely upon and shall be protected, indemnified and held harmless by the Company and by the Dealer Manager, acting severally but not jointly, for the sufficiency or accuracy
of the form of, or the execution, validity, value or genuineness of any document or property received, held or delivered by it hereunder, or of the signature or endorsement thereon, or for any description therein; nor shall the Escrow Agent be
responsible or liable in any respect on account of the identity, authority or rights of the persons executing or delivering or purporting to execute or deliver any document, property or this Escrow Agreement.  
 (d) The Escrow Agent shall be under no obligation to institute and/or defend any action, suit or proceeding in connection with this Escrow
Agreement unless first indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction pursuant to the terms herein.    (e) The Escrow Agent may consult outside
counsel of its own choice with respect to any question arising under this Escrow Agreement and the Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted in good faith upon the advice of such counsel.  
 (f) The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted by it except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the Escrow Agent s gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct was the primary cause of loss.    (g) The
Escrow Agent is acting solely as escrow agent hereunder and owes no duties, covenants or obligations, fiduciary or otherwise, to any person by reason of this Escrow Agreement, except as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Escrow Agreement, and no
implied duties, covenants or obligations, fiduciary or otherwise shall be read into this Escrow Agreement against the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall have no duty to enforce any obligation of any person, other than as provided herein. The
Escrow Agent shall be under no liability to anyone by reason of any failure on the part of any party hereto or any maker, endorser or other signatory of any document or any other person to perform such person s obligations under any such
document. The Escrow Agent is not responsible or liable in any manner for the sufficiency, correctness, genuineness or validity of this Escrow Agreement or with respect to the form of execution of the same. The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for
any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith, and in the exercise of its own best judgment.  
 (h) In the event of any disagreement between any of the parties to this Escrow Agreement, or between any of them and any other person,
including any Subscriber, resulting in adverse or conflicting claims or demands being made in connection with the matters covered by this Escrow Agreement, or in the event that the Escrow Agent is in doubt as to what action it should take hereunder,
the Escrow Agent may, at its option, refuse to comply with any claims or demands on it, or refuse to take any other action hereunder, so long as such disagreement continues or such doubt exists, and in any such event, the Escrow Agent shall not be
or become liable in any way or to any person for its failure or refusal to act, and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to continue so to refrain from acting until (i) the rights of all interested parties shall have been fully and finally
adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) all differences shall have been adjudged and all doubt resolved by agreement among all of the interested persons, and the Escrow Agent shall have been notified thereof in writing signed
by all such persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Escrow Agent may in its discretion obey the order, judgment, decree or levy of any court, with jurisdiction, and the Escrow Agent is hereby authorized in its sole discretion to comply with and
obey any such orders, judgments, decrees or levies. In the event that the Escrow Agent shall become involved in any arbitration or litigation relating to the Subscriber Funds, the Escrow Agent is authorized to comply with any decision reached
through such arbitration or litigation.  
      5  

(i) In the event that any controversy should arise with respect to this Escrow Agreement, the
Escrow Agent shall have the right, at its option, to institute an interpleader action in any court of competent jurisdiction to determine the rights of the parties.  
 (j) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ESCROW AGENT BE LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF THE ESCROW AGENT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION.  
 (k) The parties agree that the Escrow Agent had no role in the preparation of the Offering documents, has not reviewed any such documents, and
makes no representations or warranties with respect to the information contained therein or omitted therefrom.    (l) The Escrow Agent shall
have no obligation, duty or liability with respect to compliance with any federal or state securities, disclosure or tax laws concerning the Offering documents or the issuance, offering or sale of the Shares.  
 (m) The Escrow Agent shall have no duty or obligation to monitor the application and use of the Subscriber Funds once transferred to the
Company, that being the sole obligation and responsibility of the Company.      

7.  
  Escrow Agent s Fee.       The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to compensation for its
services as stated in the fee schedule attached hereto as  Exhibit C , which compensation shall be paid by the Company or any of its affiliates. The fee agreed upon for the services rendered hereunder is intended as full compensation for the
Escrow Agent s services as contemplated by this Escrow Agreement; provided, however, that in the event that the conditions for the disbursement of funds under this Escrow Agreement are not fulfilled, or the Escrow Agent renders any material
service not contemplated in this Escrow Agreement with the Company s consent, or there is any assignment of interest in the subject matter of this Escrow Agreement, or any material modification hereof with the Company s consent, or if any
material controversy arises hereunder, or the Escrow Agent is made a party to any litigation relating to this Escrow Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, then the Escrow Agent shall be reasonably compensated for such extraordinary services and
reimbursed for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees and expenses, occasioned by any delay, controversy, litigation or event, and the same shall be paid by the Company or any of its affiliates. The
Company s obligations under this  Section 7  shall survive the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent and the assignment or termination of this Escrow Agreement.  

8.  
  Investment of Subscriber Funds; Income Allocation and Reporting.       (a) The Escrow Agent
shall promptly invest the Subscriber Funds, including any and all interest and investment income, in accordance with the written instructions provided to the Escrow Agent and signed by the Company. In the absence of written investment instructions
from the Company, the Escrow Agent shall deposit and invest the Subscriber Funds, including any and all interest and investment income, in UMB Money Market Special, a UMB money market deposit account. Any interest received by the Escrow Agent with
respect to the Subscriber Funds, including reinvested interest shall become part of the Subscriber Funds, and shall be disbursed pursuant to this Escrow Agreement. The Company agrees that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest or other taxable
income earned on the Subscriber Funds in any tax year shall be taxable to the to the person or entity receiving the interest or other taxable income. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, funds in the Escrow Account may only be invested
in  Short Term Investments  in compliance with Rule 15c2-4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
      6  

(b) The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to sell or redeem any such investments as the Escrow Agent
deems necessary to make any payments or distributions required under this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for any loss which may result from any investment or sale of investment made pursuant to this
Escrow Agreement. The parties acknowledge that the Escrow Agent is not providing investment supervision, recommendations, or advice.    (c)
At any time pursuant to this Escrow Agreement interest income earned on Subscriber Funds deposited in the Escrow Account (  Escrow Income  ) is to be paid to a Subscriber, the Escrow Agent shall promptly provide directly to such
Subscriber the amount of Escrow Income payable to such Subscriber; provided that the Escrow Agent is in possession of such Subscriber s executed IRS Form W-9. In the event an executed IRS Form W-9 is not received for each Subscriber the Escrow
Agent shall have no obligation to return Escrow Income to any Subscriber until after it has received an executed and valid IRS Form W-9 executed by the Subscriber and shall remit an amount to the Subscribers in accordance with the provisions hereof,
withholding the applicable percentage for backup withholding required by the Internal Revenue Code, as then in effect, from any Escrow Income attributable to those Subscribers for whom the Escrow Agent does not possess an executed IRS Form W-9.
Escrow Income shall be remitted to Subscribers at the address provided by the Dealer Manager or the Company to the Escrow Agent, which the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and without any deductions for escrow expenses.  
 (d) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold the Escrow Agent harmless from and against any and all taxes, additions for late payment,
interest, penalties and other expenses that may be assessed against the Escrow Agent on or with respect to the Subscriber Funds unless any such tax, addition for late payment, interest, penalties and other expenses shall be determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to have been caused by the Escrow Agent s gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct. The terms of this paragraph shall survive the assignment or termination of this Escrow Agreement and the resignation or
removal of the Escrow Agent.      
   All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Escrow
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, (b) on the business day of transmission if sent by facsimile to the
facsimile number given below, with written confirmation of receipt, (c) on the business day after delivery to Federal Express or similar overnight courier or the Express Mail service maintained by the United States Postal Service, or
(d) on the fifth business day after mailing, if mailed to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, and properly addressed, return receipt requested, to the party as follows,
provided, however, that notice to the Escrow Agent will be deemed given upon receipt by the Escrow Agent:      
 
      7  

Any party may change its address for purposes of this  Section 9  by giving the other party written notice of the
new address in the manner set forth above.      

10.  
  Indemnification of Escrow Agent.       The Company and the Dealer Manager hereby severally
but not jointly indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Escrow Agent from and against, any and all loss, liability, cost, damage and expense, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses, which the Escrow Agent may suffer or
incur by reason of any action, claim or proceeding brought against the Escrow Agent arising out of or relating in any way to this Escrow Agreement or any transaction to which this Escrow Agreement relates unless such loss, liability, cost, damage or
expense is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been caused by the gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent. The terms of this  Section 10  shall survive the assignment or
termination of this Escrow Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent.      
   The Escrow Agent may resign upon thirty (30) calendar days 
advance written notice to the Company. In the event of any such resignation, a successor escrow agent, which shall be a bank or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America, shall be appointed by the Company. Any such
successor escrow agent shall deliver to the Company a written instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon shall succeed to all the rights and duties of the Escrow Agent hereunder and shall be entitled to receive the Subscriber Funds from
the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall promptly pay the Subscription Amounts in the Escrow Account, including interest thereon, to the successor escrow agent. If a successor escrow agent is not appointed within the thirty (30) calendar day
period following such notice, the Escrow Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction to name a successor escrow agent or interplead the Subscriber Funds with such court, whereupon the Escrow Agent s duties hereunder shall terminate.
     
   The Escrow Agent may be removed by the Company at any time by written notice
provided to the Escrow Agent, which instrument shall become effective on the date specified in such written notice. The removal of the Escrow Agent shall not deprive the Escrow Agent of its compensation earned prior to such removal. In the event of
any such removal, a successor escrow agent, which shall be a bank or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America, shall be appointed by the Company. Any such successor escrow agent shall deliver to the Company a written
instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon shall succeed to all the rights and duties of  
      8  

the Escrow Agent hereunder and shall be entitled to receive the Subscriber Funds from the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall promptly pay the Subscriber Funds in the Escrow Account, including
interest thereon, to the successor escrow agent. If a successor escrow agent is not appointed by the Company within the thirty (30) day period following such notice, the Escrow Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction to name a
successor escrow agent.      

13.  
  Maintenance of Records.       The Escrow Agent shall maintain accurate records of all
transactions hereunder. Promptly after the termination of this Escrow Agreement, and as may from time to time be reasonably requested by the Company before such termination, the Escrow Agent shall provide the Company with a copy of such
records, certified by the Escrow Agent to be a complete and accurate account of all transactions hereunder. The authorized representatives of the Company and the Dealer Manager shall also have access to the Escrow Agent s books and records to
the extent relating to its duties hereunder, during normal business hours upon reasonable notice to the Escrow Agent.      

14.  
  Successors and Assigns.       Except as otherwise provided in this Escrow Agreement, no party
hereto shall assign this Escrow Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto and any such attempted assignment without such prior written consent shall be void and of no force and
effect. This Escrow Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. Any corporation or association into which the Escrow Agent may be converted or merged, or with which it
may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its corporate trust business and assets in whole or in part, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale, merger, consolidation or
transfer to which the Escrow Agent is a party, shall be and become the successor escrow agent under this Escrow Agreement and shall have and succeed to the rights, powers, duties, immunities and privileges as its predecessor, without the execution
or filing of any instrument or paper or the performance any further act.      

15.  
  Governing Law; Jurisdiction.       This Escrow Agreement shall be construed, performed, and
enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Each party hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction and venue of any court of
competent jurisdiction in the State of New York.      
   In the event that any part of this Escrow Agreement is declared by any
court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void, or unenforceable, said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all of the other provisions of this Escrow Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  
   
   This Escrow Agreement may be amended or modified, and any of the
terms, covenants, representations, warranties, or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto, or in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. Any waiver by any party of any condition, or
of the breach of any provision, term, covenant, representation, or warranty contained in this Escrow Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall not be deemed to be nor construed as further or continuing waiver of any such condition, or of the
breach of any other provision, term, covenant, representation, or warranty of this Escrow Agreement. The Company and the Dealer Manager agree that any requested waiver, modification or amendment of this Escrow Agreement shall be consistent with the
terms of the Offering.  
      9  

This Escrow Agreement contains the entire understanding among the
parties hereto with respect to the escrow contemplated hereby and supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, with regard to such escrow.  

19.  
  References to Escrow Agent.       No printed or other matter in any language (including,
without limitation, the Offering document, any supplement or amendment relating thereto, notices, reports and promotional material) which mentions the Escrow Agent s name or the rights, powers, or duties of the Escrow Agent shall be issued by
the Company or the Dealer Manager, or on the Company s or Dealer Manager s behalf unless the Escrow Agent shall first have given its specific written consent thereto.  
   
   The section headings in this Escrow Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Escrow Agreement.      
   This Escrow Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute the same instrument.      

22.  
  Electronic Transactions.       The parties hereto agree that the transactions described
herein may be conducted and related documents may be stored by electronic means. Copies, telecopies, facsimiles, electronic files and other reproductions of original executed documents shall be deemed to be authentic and valid counterparts of such
original documents for all purposes, including the filing of any claim, action or suit in the appropriate court of law.      

23.  
  Patriot Act Compliance; Tax Matters.       Pursuant to the subscription agreement completed
by Subscribers, the Company and the Dealer Manager agree to provide the Escrow Agent completed IRS Forms W-9 (or IRS Forms W-8, in the case of non-U.S. persons) and other forms and documents that the Escrow Agent may reasonably request
(collectively,   Tax Reporting Documentation  ) at the time of execution of this Escrow Agreement and any information reasonably requested by the Escrow Agent to comply with the USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended from time to time.
The parties hereto understand that if such Tax Reporting Documentation is not so certified to the Escrow Agent, the Escrow Agent may be required by the Internal Revenue Code, as it may be amended from time to time, to withhold a portion of any
interest or other income earned on the investment of monies or other property held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Escrow Agreement. The Company shall be treated as the owner of the Subscriber Funds for federal and state income tax purposes and
the Company will report all income, if any, that is earned on, or derived from, the Subscriber Funds as its income, in such proportions, in the taxable year or years in which such income is properly includible and pay any taxes attributable thereto.
   [ Signature page follows ]  
      10  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Escrow Agreement to be executed
the day and year first set forth above.      

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   

/s/ Paul D. Quinlan   
 
 Name: 
   
 Paul D. Quinlan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer  

Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., as Dealer Manager    

/s/ C.B. Richardson   
 
 Name: 
   
 C.B. Richardson  
 
 Title: 
   
   Chief Compliance Officer   

UMB BANK, N.A., as Escrow Agent    

/s/ Lara L. Stevens   
 
 Name: 
   
 Lara L. Stevens  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President  
 
      11  

EXHIBIT A    
  LIST OF SUBSCRIBERS     Pursuant to the
Escrow Agreement dated August 17, 2016 by and between Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the   Company  ), Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. (the   Dealer Manager  ) and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the
  Escrow Agent  ), the following investors have paid money for the purchase of the Shares in the Company and the money has been deposited with the Escrow Agent:  

1. 
 Name of Subscriber:      Address:  
 Tax Identification Number:  
 Amount and class of Securities subscribed for:  
 Amount of money paid and deposited with Escrow Agent:      

2. 
 Name of Subscriber:      Address:  
 Tax Identification Number:  
 Amount and class of Securities subscribed for:  
 Amount of money paid and deposited with Escrow Agent:  
      12  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 8
 d464593dex105.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5   
   TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT     
 This TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT (  Agreement  ) is effective as of the 31st day of August, 2016 (  Effective
Date  ) among Blackstone TM L.L.C. (the   Licensor  ), on the one hand, and Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Maryland, and BREIT Operating Partnership L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership (individually and together,   Licensee  ), on the other hand.    WHEREAS, Licensor is the owner
of the service mark, corporate name and trade name  Blackstone , including U.S. Registration Nos. 1,986,927 and 2,374,887 (the   Mark    
 WHEREAS, Licensee is a real estate operating company that intends to conduct its operations as a real estate investment trust (the
  Licensee Business   and    WHEREAS, Licensee desires to operate the Licensee Business using the Company Name (as defined
below) and Licensor is willing to permit Licensee to use the Company Name.    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual promises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:  
   1.   Grant of Rights; Sublicensing   .    
  Section 1.1.   License Grant . Subject to the terms and conditions herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a fully paid-up,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable (subject to Section 8), worldwide license to use the Mark during the Term of this Agreement, solely (a) in connection with the Licensee Business and (b) as part of the trademark, corporate
name or trade name  Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.,   BREIT  or  Blackstone Operating Partnership L.P.  (including in the form set forth on  Schedule A  hereto) (collectively, the   Company
Name   ). Licensee shall have no right to use the Mark standing alone or to use any modification, stylization or derivative of (or, other than as set forth on  Schedule A  hereto, a logo containing) the Mark without the prior written
consent of Licensor in its sole discretion.     Section 1.2.   Sublicensing . Licensee shall not sublicense its rights under this
Agreement except to a current or future majority-owned subsidiary of Licensee, and then only with the prior written consent of Licensor, provided that (a) no such subsidiary shall use the Mark as part of a name other than the Company Name
without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion and (b) any such sublicense shall terminate automatically, with no need for written notice, if (x) such entity ceases to be a
 majority-owned  subsidiary, (y) this Agreement terminates for any reason or (z) Licensor gives notice of such termination. Licensee shall be responsible for any such sublicensee s compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement, and any breach by a sublicensee of any such provision shall constitute a breach of this Agreement by Licensee.  
  Section 1.3.   Subsidiaries . Neither Licensee nor any of its current or future subsidiaries shall use a new trademark,
corporate name, trade name or logo that contains the  

Mark without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, and any resulting license shall be governed by a new agreement between the applicable parties and/or an amendment to
this Agreement.     Section 1.4.   Reservation of Rights . All rights not expressly granted to Licensee in this Agreement are
reserved to Licensor.    2.   Ownership .  Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, as between the parties, Licensor is the
sole owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Mark. Licensee agrees not to do anything inconsistent with such ownership, including directly or indirectly challenging, contesting or otherwise disputing the validity or enforceability
of, or Licensor s ownership of or right, title or interest in, the Mark (and the associated goodwill), including without limitation, arising out of or relating to any third-party claim, allegation, action, demand, proceeding or suit
(  Action  ) regarding enforcement of this Agreement or involving any third party. The parties intend that any and all goodwill in the Mark arising from Licensee s or any applicable sublicensee s use of the Mark shall
inure solely to the benefit of Licensor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Licensee is deemed to own any rights in the Mark, Licensee hereby irrevocably assigns (or shall cause such sublicensee to assign), without further
consideration, such rights to Licensor together with all goodwill associated therewith.    3.   Registration  . Licensor agrees
that Licensee may register the Company Name as a corporate name, provided that such registration shall not grant Licensee any interest in the Mark. Licensee shall not register a domain name or a social media identifier containing or comprising the
Mark without Licensor s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided that (a) at Licensor s option, Licensor may serve as the registrant or owner of record of such domain name or social media identifier,
and (b) if Licensor allows Licensee to serve as the registrant or owner of record of such domain name or social media identifier, such registration shall not grant Licensee any interest in the Mark.  
 4.   Use of the Company Name   .   
  Section 4.1.   Quality Control . Licensee shall use the Mark in a manner consistent with Licensor s high standards of and
reputation for quality, and in accordance with good trademark practice, wherever the Mark is used. Licensee shall not take any action that could reasonably be expected to be detrimental to the Mark or the goodwill associated
therewith. Licensee shall use with the Mark any applicable trademark notices as may be requested by Licensor or required under applicable laws.  
  Section 4.2.   Samples . Upon request by Licensor, Licensee shall furnish to Licensor representative samples of all
advertising and promotional materials in any media that use the Mark. Licensee shall make any changes to such materials that Licensor requests to comply with Section 4.1, or to preserve the validity of Licensor s rights in the Mark.
    Section 4.3.   Compliance with Laws . Licensee shall, at its sole expense, comply at all times with all applicable laws,
regulations, exchange and other rules and reputable industry practice pertaining to the Licensee Business and the use of the Mark.  
      2  

5.   Termination  .  
  Section 5.1.   Term . The term of this Agreement (  Term  ) commences on the Effective Date and continues in
perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to the other provisions of this Section 5.     Section 5.2.   Termination
for Convenience . Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon 90 days  prior written notice to the other party; provided, however, that upon notification of termination by Licensee under this Section 5.2, Licensor may
elect to effect termination of this Agreement immediately at any time after 30 days from date of such notification.  
  Section 5.3.   Termination for Breach . If either party materially breaches one or more of its obligations hereunder, the
other party may terminate this Agreement, effective upon written notice, if the breaching party does not cure such breach within 15 days written notice thereof (or any mutually-agreed extension). Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately,
effective upon written notice, if Licensee violates or attempts to violate Section 9.     Section 5.4.   Termination of
Advisory Agreement . This Agreement shall terminate immediately if (a) BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. or another affiliate of Licensor is no longer acting as adviser (any such entity, the   Adviser  ) to Licensee under the Advisory
Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2016 (as the same may be amended, modified or otherwise restated, the   Advisory Agreement  ), or a similar agreement, or (b) if the Adviser is no longer an affiliate of Licensor. Upon
notification of termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement by Licensee to Adviser, Licensor may elect to effect termination of this Agreement immediately at any time after 30 days from date of such notification.  
  Section 5.5.   Termination for Bankruptcy . Licensor has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice
to Licensee if (a) either Licensee makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) either Licensee admits in writing its inability to pay debts as they mature; (c) a trustee or receiver is appointed for a substantial part of
either Licensee s assets or (d) to the extent termination is enforceable under local law, a proceeding in bankruptcy is instituted against either Licensee which is acquiesced in, is not dismissed within 120 days, or results in an
adjudication of bankruptcy. In the event of any of the foregoing, Licensor shall have the right, in addition to its other rights and remedies, to suspend Licensee s rights regarding the Mark while Licensee attempts to remedy the situation.  
  Section 5.6.   Effect of Termination; Survival . Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, (a) Licensee shall
immediately, except as required by law, regulation or exchange rules, (i) cease all use of the Mark, (ii) at Licensor s option, cancel or transfer to Licensor any corporate names, domain names or social media identifiers containing or
comprising the Mark and (iii) destroy all existing inventory of materials bearing the Mark, in each case, at Licensee s expense; and (b) the parties shall cooperate so as to best preserve the value of the Mark and the Company Name.
Section 3, this Section 5.6, and Sections 7.2, 7.3, 8 and 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement.    6.
  Infringement  . Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly after it becomes aware of any actual or threatened infringement, imitation, dilution, misappropriation or other unauthorized use or conduct in derogation
(  Infringement  ) of the Mark or the Company Name. Licensor shall have the sole right to bring any Action to remedy the foregoing, and Licensee shall cooperate with Licensor in same, at Licensor s expense.  
      3  

7.   Representations and Warranties; Limitations  .  
  Section 7.1.  Each party represents and warrants to the other party that:  
 (a) This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the warranting party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its
terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors  rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of general principles of
equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity);    (b) The warranting party is not subject to
any judgment, order, injunction, decree or award of any court, administrative agency or governmental body that would or might interfere with its performance of any of its material obligations hereunder; and  
 (c) The warranting party has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with its
terms.     SECTION 7.2.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.1, LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE MARK OR THE COMPANY NAME, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WITH RESPECT TO TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, VALUE, RELIABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR USE. LICENSEE S USE OF THE COMPANY NAME IS ON AN  AS-IS  BASIS.     SECTION 7.3.  EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO
LICENSEE S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR GOODWILL, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION AND THE LIKE) RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.    8.
  Indemnification  .     Section 8.1.   Indemnity by Licensee . Licensee will defend at its expense, indemnify and
hold harmless Licensor and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from any losses, liabilities, damages, awards, settlements, judgments, fees, costs or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys  fees and costs of suit) arising out of or relating to any third-party Action against any of them that arises out of or relates to (i) any breach by Licensee of this Agreement or its warranties, representations, covenants and
undertakings hereunder; (ii) Licensee s operation of the Licensee Business; or (iii) any claim that Licensee s use of the Mark, other than as explicitly authorized by this Agreement, Infringes the rights of a third party.  
      4  

Section 8.2.   Indemnification Procedure . Licensor will promptly notify Licensee
in writing of any indemnifiable claim and promptly as practicable tender its defense to Licensee. Any delay in such notice will not relieve Licensee from its obligations to the extent it is not prejudiced thereby. Licensor will cooperate
with Licensee at Licensee s expense. Licensee may not settle any indemnified claim without Licensor s prior, written consent, in Licensor s sole discretion. Licensor may participate in its defense with counsel of its own
choice at its own expense.    9.   Assignments  . Licensee may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber
this Agreement or its right to use the Mark, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, except to a successor organization that is solely the result of a name change by Licensee. For the avoidance
of doubt, a merger, change of control, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of the stock of Licensee shall be deemed an  assignment  requiring such consent, regardless of whether Licensee is the surviving
entity. Licensee acknowledges that its identity is a material condition that induced Licensor to enter into this Agreement. Any attempted action in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void  ab initio  and of no force or
effect, and shall result in immediate termination of this Agreement. In the event of a permitted assignment hereunder, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns as provided herein.    10.   Miscellaneous  .  
  Section 10.1.   Notice . Any notices that may or are required to be given hereunder by any party to another shall be deemed to
have been duly given if (i) personally delivered or delivered by facsimile, when received, (ii) sent by U.S. Express Mail or recognized overnight courier, on the second following business day (or third following business day if mailed
outside the United States) or (iii) delivered by electronic mail, when received:      
    Section 10.2.   Integration . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements (including, without limitation, any prior agreements between the Licensee and Adviser), understandings, inducements and conditions,
express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof
    Section 10.3.   Recordal of Licenses . Licensee shall be entitled to (i) record a  short form  of this
Agreement, but not this Agreement in its entirety, in those jurisdictions  
      5  

requiring such a recordal; and/or (ii) enter Licensee as a registered or authorized user of the Mark in those jurisdictions requiring such a recordal. Licensee shall bear all costs related
to such a recordal, and Licensor shall provide all commercially reasonable support necessary to effect such recordal of this Agreement.  
  Section 10.4.   Amendments . Neither this Agreement, nor any terms hereof, may be amended, supplemented or modified
except in an instrument in writing executed by the parties hereto.     Section 10.5.   Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THE UNITED STATE DISTRICT COURT FOR ANY DISTRICT WITHIN SUCH STATE FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY ACTION OR JUDGMENT RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, AND TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN SUCH COURT.     Section 10.6.   Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.  
  Section 10.7.   No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of a party
hereto, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.  
  Section 10.8.   Costs and Expenses . Each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including the fees and
disbursements of counsel and accountants) incurred in connection with the negotiations and preparation of this Agreement, and all matters incident thereto.  
  Section 10.9.   Section Headings . The section and subsection headings in this Agreement are for convenience in reference only
and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the interpretation of any provisions hereof.  
      6  

Section 10.10.   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties to
this Agreement in any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.  
  Section 10.11.   Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.    [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
      7  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.      

BLACKSTONE TM L.L.C. 

BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. 

By: 
   
   /s/ John G. Finley  

By: 
   
   /s/ Leon Volchyok  

Name: 
    
 John G. Finley 

Name: 
    
 Leon Volchyok 

Title: 
    
 Authorized Signatory 

Title: 
    
 Chief Securities Counsel and Secretary 

BREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L.P. 

By 
   
 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., as general partner 

By: 
   
   /s/ A.J. Agarwal  

Name: 
    
 A.J. Agarwal 

Title: 
    
 President 

8  

S CHEDULE  A   

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.   
      9  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 9
 d464593dex106.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10.6 

Exhibit 10.6       

Street Smart. World Wise.  

VALUATION SERVICES AGREEMENT   
 June 9, 2016    Mr. Paul Quinlan  
 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.    345 Park Avenue  
 New York, NY 10154    Dear Mr. Quinlan:  
 This agreement by and between Altus Group U.S. Inc. ( Altus  or  we  or  us ) and Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and
BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. (together, the  REIT  or  you  or  Client ), shall become effective on the date that the REIT commences operations. BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. ( Blackstone ) acts as investment
adviser of the REIT and is primarily responsible for the valuation of the REIT s properties and investments. This agreement sets forth the scope of services, consisting of either a monthly valuation process ( Monthly Valuation
Services ) or a daily valuation process ( Daily Valuation Services ), which Altus will provide to the REIT and to Blackstone to assist in its valuation services to the REIT. The REIT currently contemplates using Monthly Valuation
Services, which may be converted to Daily Valuation Services. The terms of the Monthly Valuation Services and Daily Valuation Services to Blackstone are included herein.  
  OBJECTIVE     The objective of this agreement is to provide
the services described in  Scope of Services  below and in  Exhibit A  hereto ( Services ) to the REIT and Blackstone that will include, among other things, appraisal review, review of internal valuations, conducting
appraisals (under certain circumstances), review of valuation guidelines, and possible maintenance and administration of internet-based systems (Altus DataBridge) that will assist Blackstone in the coordination of its valuation process. If the REIT
elects to receive Daily Valuation Services, the parties hereto shall confer, diligently and in good faith, and agree upon the scope of services for such daily valuation.  
  SCOPE OF SERVICES     Altus  valuation advisory
services responsibilities include performing reviews of third-party appraisal reports, performing reviews of Blackstone s internal valuation results, conducting appraisals (under certain circumstances) and performing reviews of valuation
guidelines. The review process will be for the purpose of valuation confirmation, reasonableness of cash flow assumptions, engagement compliance and compliance with Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP), as well as compliance
with standards promoted by REIS. At the end of each month, a USPAP Standard 3-1 compliant report will be produced and delivered to Blackstone.  

A.  
  Mandatory use of the Standard Executive Summary       It will be required that all external valuations
incorporate the use of the standard executive summary ( The Summary ). The Summary provides an itemized account of all significant valuation parameters presented in an easy-to-read Excel Workbook, and provides the reader with a quick
overview of the entire property and a summary comparison of valuation parameters from the previous period(s). The Summary is required for data collection input into Altus DataBridge. The Summary is consistent with NCREIF standards.  

B.  
  Third-Party Appraisal Reviews       Altus  valuation advisory services responsibilities include
performing reviews of third-party appraisal reports and coordination of third-party appraisers. For each property in the portfolio, a third-party appraisal report shall be completed at a minimum of once annually. Completed appraisals and supporting
cash flow models will be submitted to Altus for review and comment. Upon completion of the review process, the final appraisal reports will be submitted to the REIT.  
 On an annual basis, Altus shall provide Blackstone with a list of proposed appraisal firms for Blackstone s approval   upon receipt of such
approval, these firms will be designated as  Approved Appraisal Firms . Blackstone may amend the list of Approved Appraisal Firms at any time at its discretion. In addition, for each property or investment, Altus shall provide Blackstone
with a list of potential appraisers from the list of Approved Appraisal Firms, including the proposed individual appraiser. Such list for each property or investment will also be subject to Blackstone s approval.  
 In accordance with  Exhibit D , the review process will consist of analyzing the methods employed, evaluating key assumptions applied, and the support
thereof in the external appraisals. It will also include determining the appropriateness of the third-party appraiser s methods and the reasonableness of its conclusions. Specific review criteria are established based on industry best practices
for a thorough appraisal review process. The criteria are intended to ensure that appraisals are accurately reviewed and all material changes in value are addressed. Third-party appraisers will consider the valuation of properties at a
portfolio-level when practical.    The respective Blackstone property manager will assist in verifying the accuracy of factual data in the external
appraisal reports. Data checked should include property description, accuracy of the rent roll, assumptions for the timing and rental terms of vacancy absorption, recommended market rents for each suite or unit, and the extent the market and the
property s position within its market is appropriately identified and defined.    Altus will provide written acknowledgements (each, a  Review
Letter ) with respect to each third-party appraisal of a property that the appraised values are reasonable.  
      2  

C.  
  Review of Internal Valuations       The REIT s properties will be externally appraised on an annual
basis in a staggered rotation. In addition, properties will be marked-to-market through an internal Blackstone valuation process on a monthly basis during the interim eleven months. The internal valuations will be prepared by Blackstone, and
supplied by Blackstone to Altus for review. While Blackstone maintains responsibility for the accuracy of the rent roll and analytical structures within the model, the scope of services is intended to include general review of the internal valuation
model and its analytical integrity.    Altus will work with Blackstone to ensure that all events which may have a significant impact on the REIT s
valuation ( Material Events ) are reflected in internal valuation adjustments to the REIT. These Material Events may involve individual properties; specific property types, markets, or geographic regions; capital market events; or other
factors which Altus and Blackstone may consider to have a material impact on valuation. Examples of Material Events may include: a Chapter 11 filing by a national retailer with announced store closures involving REIT properties; an unexpected
default and mid-term move out by a significant tenant; transactional evidence indicating a shift in pricing for Class A apartment properties in top tier coastal markets; new leases; vacancies; etc.  
 With specific consideration of the major assumptions and associated rates of return, Blackstone and Altus will jointly and separately review the recommended
internal valuation. The review may include consideration of any changes since the last external appraisal, the extent of any capital spending, and any information pertaining to the prevailing market and capital conditions, including any information
obtained from other external appraisals obtained during the period. The intent of the exercise is to create appropriately supported estimates of market value that are consistent with USPAP and the market value definition.  
 Altus will provide a Review Letter with respect to each internally valued property on a monthly basis that the internal valuations are not unreasonable.  

D.  
  Conducting Appraisals       If there are any unreconciled issues that result in a question as to the
reasonableness of a third-party appraisal value conclusion, Altus will, if requested, coordinate a new third-party appraisal or perform a valuation and issue a report (a  Restricted Appraisal Report ) on the particular property or
investment. The Restricted Appraisal Report valuation will supersede the third-party s valuation conclusion at the discretion of Blackstone.      

E.  
  Review of Valuation Guidelines       Altus will review your valuation guidelines and methodologies related to
investments in real property with Blackstone and your board of directors at least annually. Altus will discharge its responsibilities in accordance with your valuation guidelines.  

F.  
  Altus DataBridge for Portfolio Review       The REIT and Blackstone will have, as part of the Services, full
access to the REIT s entire portfolio through Altus DataBridge. Altus will provide and mandate the use of The Summary in an Excel Workbook to all third-party appraisers to capture a comprehensive list of data fields. The Summary data will be
collected and uploaded into Altus DataBridge, which will give Blackstone the ability to review draft and final appraisal assumptions, compare and analyze variances from its peer set, and access or create a variety of custom reports.  
      3  

The centralized database server will allow multiple users to simultaneously access the most recent information at
any time. Security clearance for user-roles will be implemented at all levels of the system.     FEES   EXPENSES   
 Altus  professional fee is based on our estimate of the Services  complexity and the staff time required. Our fee estimates correspond to the scope
of services outlined above and reflect the current number of properties. Altus will consider the valuation of properties in the REIT at a portfolio-level when practical (which will be subject to revision as properties are sold or added). Any work
outside the scope of agreed upon services ( Additional Work ), alteration of the existing portfolio or the addition of other portfolios may result in a fee change. Any additional work will be agreed upon in writing, prior to the work
commencing, at a mutually agreed upon fee. Altus will examine its fees at the end of the initial, three-year term, and may propose adjustments to take effect during any renewal period upon written acceptance by Blackstone.  
 Valuation advisory fees are stated on an annual basis and are found below. The annual fees may be subject to revision if the third-party appraiser for any
particular asset is changed or the scope of the services change. The fees for this agreement are outlined in  Exhibit C  and are in-line with what Altus charges other clients with similar scopes of work.  
  BILLING     Altus will invoice the professional fees in
arrears on a quarterly basis.    Our fee estimate corresponds to the scope of services outlined above. We note that certain properties may lie outside the
above scope of services in that they will require additional analysis due to various factors, including: the availability of limited information for performing the analysis, the type of interest being appraised, the presence of a significant number
of tenants, or the need for additional supporting information. Any additional work may result in a fee change. Where additional work is required, we will notify you prior to starting the engagement as to our estimate of additional time required. Any
additional work will be agreed upon in writing, prior to the work commencing.    Our fee estimate is subject to upward/downward revision if the Services
entail more/less time than anticipated as a result of material scope changes required by Blackstone, or if material unforeseen problems caused by Blackstone are encountered. If it becomes necessary to increase/decrease the fee, we will discuss the
matter with you so that a mutually acceptable revision may be made. Altus will invoice the professional fees and related expenses on a quarterly basis. Additional services that are outside the scope of services noted above will be agreed upon in
writing, prior to the work commencing, at a mutually agreed upon fee.  
      4  

Invoices, provided they include reasonable sufficient detail, are due upon receipt. Invoices not paid after 60
days from issuance will be subject to a late fee calculated at a 3% per annum rate of interest. The REIT is responsible for all costs of collection, including attorney s fees.  
  OWNERSHIP OF DELIVERABLES     You will own all deliverables
prepared for and delivered to you under this agreement except as follows: we own our working papers, pre-existing materials, and any general skills, know-how, processes, or other intellectual property (including non-client specific versions of any
deliverables) which we may have discovered or created as a result of the Services. You have a non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to use such materials included in the deliverables for your own internal use as part of such deliverables.  
 In addition to deliverables, we may develop software or electronic materials (including spreadsheets, documents, databases and other tools) to assist us with
an engagement. If we make these available to you, they are provided  as is  and your use of these materials is at your own risk.     DISPUTE
RESOLUTION     Any unresolved dispute relating in any way to the services or this agreement shall be resolved by arbitration. The arbitration will be
conducted in accordance with the Rules for Non-Administered Arbitration of the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution then in effect. The arbitration will be conducted before a panel of three arbitrators (with each of the
REIT and Altus picking one arbitrator and those two arbitrators picking the third arbitrator). The arbitration panel shall have no power to award nonmonetary or equitable relief of any sort. It shall also have no power to award damages inconsistent
with limitations of liability provisions in this agreement.    This agreement and any dispute relating to the services will be governed by and construed,
interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any provisions relating to conflict of laws that require the laws of another jurisdiction to apply.  
  OTHER MATTERS     This agreement shall be effective as of
the date that the REIT commences operations. This agreement supersedes any prior understandings, proposals or agreements with respect to the Services.  
 The services provided herein do not include the provision of legal advice and Altus makes no representations regarding questions of legal interpretation.
Blackstone should consult with its attorneys with respect to any legal matters or items that require legal interpretation under federal, state or other type of law or regulation. Changes in the law or in regulations and/or their interpretation may
take place after the date that our Services commence, or may be retrospective in impact; we accept no responsibility for changes in the law or regulations or their interpretation which may occur after the effective date of this agreement.  
 Our role is advisory only. Blackstone is responsible for all management functions and decisions relating to the Monthly Valuation Services and Daily Valuation
Services, including evaluating and  
      5  

accepting the adequacy of the scope of the services in addressing your needs. Blackstone is also responsible for the results achieved from using the services or deliverables. Blackstone will
designate a competent member of its management to oversee the services. It is Blackstone s responsibility to establish and maintain your internal controls. Blackstone will provide accurate and complete information and reasonable assistance, and
Altus will perform the Services on that basis.    Either of us may request changes to the Services. Any reasonable adjustments to fees and timetable must be
agreed to in writing by Blackstone and Altus. Changes to the Services, including the provision of additional Services, must be agreed in writing. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, any further Services we may agree to carry out (whether or not
agreed to in writing) will be subject to the terms of this agreement.    Client agrees that Altus may request to use the Client s name in experience
citations, and will be allowed to use the Client s name in such citations to the extent agreed upon in writing by the Client.    Altus will maintain
standards on ethical and professional obligations to protect the confidentiality of client information, client identity, and information on the work performed both during and after the term of the agreement. Altus will not publicly disclose client
names and engagements that are not a matter of public record, unless permission to do so has been granted in writing by Blackstone. Altus will refrain from sharing sensitive information with any client personnel not specifically authorized to
receive such information.    To the extent Blackstone authorizes in writing the use of their masked property data in the shared competitive data set,
Blackstone will receive in return access to peer data for benchmarking purposes. Altus agrees to maintain the anonymity of Blackstone s property data. For purposes of this agreement, Blackstone does not currently agree to authorize the use of
its data in the shared competitive set.    Altus agrees that the Client may disclose Altus  name and capacity as valuation advisor and independent
valuation consultant without restriction.    You agree that you will not, directly or indirectly, assign or transfer any rights, obligations or claims
against Altus arising out of this agreement to anyone other than Blackstone or affiliate.    Altus agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, assign
or transfer any rights, obligations or claims against Blackstone arising out of this agreement to anyone.    If any provision of this agreement is found to
be unenforceable, the remainder of this agreement shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.     TERM OF THE AGREEMENT   
 Subject to the following paragraph, the term of this agreement shall be for a three-year period beginning with the commencement of operations of the REIT. This
term shall be automatically renewed on an annual basis thereafter unless the Client or Altus provides notice within 60 days of the end of the term.  
      6  

This agreement may be terminated upon delivery of 30 days  prior written notice by the Client without
Altus s consent and without reasonable cause. The Client will be responsible for the payment of fees and expenses through the date of termination. Altus shall be entitled to terminate this agreement upon delivery of 30 days  prior written
notice upon breach by the Client of any material provision of this agreement, including payment of fees and expenses. The indemnification and hold harmless provisions of this agreement shall survive any termination thereof, whether or not such
termination is unilateral.     INDEMNIFICATION     Altus
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Client and its agents, affiliates, controlling persons, members, stockholders, successor and assigns, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, from and against any losses, claims,
liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees (collectively,  Losses ), arising from or relating in any way to: (i) the lack of good faith, willful misconduct, or negligence of Altus or its employees and agents
in carrying out its duties and responsibilities under this agreement; (ii) any material breach of this agreement by Altus; (iii) any violation of applicable law by Altus in connection with the performance of duties under this agreement;
and (iv) any breach of any representation or warrant made under this agreement.    The Client shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Altus and its
agents, affiliates, controlling persons, successors, and assigns, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, from and against any and all actual, out of pocket Losses arising from: (i) willful misconduct, or gross negligence
of the Client or its employees and agents in carrying out its duties and responsibilities under this agreement; (ii) any material breach of this agreement by the Client; (iii) any material violation of applicable law by the Client in
connection with the performance of duties under this agreement; and (iv) any material breach of any representation or warrant made under this agreement.  
 Altus s maximum liability relating to services rendered under this report (regardless of form of action, whether in contract, negligence, or otherwise)
shall be limited to three times (3x) the cumulative fees paid by the Client and its affiliates to Altus. In no event shall either party be liable for consequential, special, incidental, or punitive losses, damages, or expenses (including,
without limitation, lost profits, opportunity costs, etc.) even if it has been advised of their possible existence.     CONDITIONS OF OUR WORK   
 The valuation advisory services will be performed in accordance with and are subject to our Standard Conditions as defined in  Exhibit B .  
      7  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.  

Altus Group, U.S. Inc.  

By: 
   
   /s/ Stephanie Dubicki   

Name: 
   
 Stephanie Dubicki  
 
 Title: 
   
 Executive Vice President  

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.  

By: 
   
   /s/ Paul D. Quinlan   

Name: 
   
 Paul D. Quinlan  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
 
      8  

EXHIBIT A   
  Description of Specific Tasks and Functions   
      9  

Description of Specific Tasks and Functions   
  For Altus Reviewing Third-Party Appraisals     As part of the
on-going valuation of the portfolio, properties in the REIT will be externally appraised by third-party appraisers at a minimum of once every 12 months. After the initial third-party valuation of every property in the REIT, an appraisal schedule
will be established to allocate the assignments over the course of the upcoming years. With regard to these appraisal assignments, Altus as independent valuation advisor will:      

1. 
 Collect the draft appraisal report (PDF) and analytical file (Argus model).        

2. 
 Review the third-party appraiser s analytical file for accuracy and appropriateness.        

3. 
 Review the third-party appraiser s analytical file with additional specific consideration given to mechanics of the reimbursement modeling.    

4. 
 Communicate all significant findings from the draft appraisal review to Blackstone.        

5. 
 Collect and review for edited content the final appraisal draft  and  analytical file.        

6. 
 Incorporate all appraisal findings and analysis into Altus DataBridge.        

7. 
 Maintain appropriate files documenting property valuations.       Description of Specific Tasks and Functions
     For Altus Reviewing Internal Valuations     Each
month, Blackstone will provide an updated valuation of each property to Altus, including notification of the occurrence of any Material Event it believes may cause a material valuation change in any of the REIT s properties. Blackstone will
discuss its recommendations and provide a valuation for each internally valued property to Altus and Altus will confirm in its Review Letter that such internal valuation is not unreasonable.  
      10  

EXHIBIT B   
  Standard Conditions   
      11  

STANDARD CONDITIONS   Appraisal Reviews   
 The following Standard Conditions apply to  real estate appraisal reviews  by Altus Group U.S., Inc. ( Altus ). Special Conditions are added as
required.     Report Content:     Appraisal reviews are
performed and written reports are prepared in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (Standard 3, Advisory Opinion AO-20, and Statement on Appraisal Standards No.9) of the Appraisal Foundation and with the Appraisal
Institute s Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice and Code of Professional Ethics.    The appraisal review assumes market conditions as observed
as of the date of the work under review, and the effective date of the opinion in the work under review. These market conditions will be believed to be correct; however, the appraisers assume no liability should market conditions materially change
because of unusual or unforeseen circumstances.    No opinion is rendered as to property title, which is assumed to be good and marketable. Unless otherwise
stated in the report under review, no consideration is given to liens or encumbrances against the property.    It is assumed that legal, engineering, or
other professional advice, as may be required, has been or will be obtained from professional sources and that the appraisal review report will not be used for guidance in legal or technical matters such as, but not limited to, the existence of
encroachments, easements or other discrepancies affecting the legal description of the property. It is assumed that there are no concealed or dubious conditions of the subsoil or subsurface waters including water table and flood plain, unless
otherwise noted in the appraisal report under review. We further assume there are no regulations of any government entity to control or restrict the use of the property unless specifically referred to in the report under review. It is assumed that
the property will not operate in violation of any applicable government regulations, codes, ordinances or statutes.    No warranty or representations will
be made nor any liability assumed in the appraisal review for the structural soundness, quality, adequacy or capacities of said improvements and utility services, including the construction materials, particularly the roof, foundations, and
equipment, including the HVAC systems, if applicable. Should there be any question concerning the same, it is strongly recommended that an engineering, construction and/or environmental inspection be obtained. The value estimate(s) referred to in
the review report, unless noted otherwise, is predicated on the assumptions that all improvements, equipment and building services, if any, are structurally sound and suffer no concealed or latent defects or inadequacies other than those noted in
the appraisal report under review. We will call to your attention any apparent defects or material adverse conditions which come to our attention.    In the
absence of competent technical advice to the contrary or unless specifically stated in the appraisal report under review, it is assumed that the property being appraised is not adversely affected by concealed or unapparent hazards such as, but not
limited to asbestos, hazardous or contaminated substances, toxic waste or radioactivity.  
      12  

Information furnished in the appraisal report under review and by others is presumed to be reliable, and where so
specified in the review report, has been re-verified; but no responsibility, whether legal or otherwise, is assumed for the accuracy of such information, and it cannot be guaranteed as being certain. No single item of information was completely
relied upon to the exclusion of other information.    Appraisal reports may contain estimates of future financial performance, estimates or opinions that
represent the view of a typical purchaser or of the market place of reasonable expectations at a particular point in time, but such information, estimates or opinions are not offered as predictions or as assurances that a particular level of income
or profit will be achieved, that events will occur, or that a particular price will be offered or accepted. Actual results achieved during the period covered by our prospective financial analyses will vary from those described in our report, and the
variations may be material.    Any proposed construction of rehabilitation referred to in the appraisal under review is assumed to be completed within a
reasonable time and in a workmanlike manner according to or exceeding currently accepted standards of design and methods of construction.    Any
inaccessible portions of the property or improvements not inspected, if a property inspection is part of the scope of this agreement, are assumed to be as reported or similar to the areas that are inspected.  
 It should be specifically noted by any prospective mortgagee that the appraisal review assumes that the property will be competently managed, leased, and
maintained by financially sound owners over the expected period of ownership. This appraisal review does not entail an evaluation of management s or owner s effectiveness, nor are we responsible for future marketing efforts and other
management or ownership actions upon which actual results will depend.    The Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) became effective
January 26, 1992. Altus will not make a specific compliance survey and analysis of the applicable property to determine whether or not it is in conformity with the various detailed requirements of the ADA. It is possible that a compliance
survey of the property, together with a detailed analysis of the requirements of the ADA, could reveal that the property is not in compliance with one or more of the requirements of the ADA. If so, this fact could have a negative effect upon the
value of the property. Since Altus has no direct evidence relating to this issue, Altus did not consider the effect on value from possible non-compliance with the requirements of ADA, unless otherwise stated in the appraisal report under review.
    Use of the Report:     The appraisal review report is
intended for the information of the person or persons to whom they are addressed, solely for the purposes stated therein, and should not be relied upon for any other purpose. The Client and Blackstone may distribute copies of the review report to
its prospective investors, clients, advisors, representatives, valuation review committee, auditors and as required by law as is reasonably necessary. Altus shall not have liability to parties other than Blackstone, the REIT (and its subsidiaries)
and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, controlling persons, successor and assigns. Neither our report, nor its contents, nor any reference to the appraisers or Altus, may be included or quoted in any offering
circular or registration statement, prospectus, sales brochure, other appraisal, loan or other agreement or document without our prior written permission.  
      13  

The appraisal review applies only to the property described, the specific appraisal report under review, and for
the purpose so stated and should not be used for any other purpose. Any allocation of total price between land and the improvements as shown is invalidated if used separately or in conjunction with any other report.  
 Neither the report nor any portions thereof (especially any conclusions as to value, the identity of the appraisers or Altus, or any reference to the
Appraisal Institute or other recognized appraisal organization or the designations they confer) shall be disseminated to the public through public relations media, news media, advertising media, sales media or any other public means of communication
without the prior written consent and approval of the appraisers and Altus except as may be required by law. The date(s) of the valuation to which the appraisal review conclusions apply is set forth in the letter of transmittal and within the body
of the report. The value is based on the purchasing power of the United States dollar as of that date.     Terms of the Engagement:   
 Blackstone is in a position to have an informed judgment on the results of valuation review services performed by Altus.  
 Appraisal review assignments are accepted with the understanding that there is no obligation to furnish services after completion of the original assignment.
If the need for subsequent service related to an appraisal review assignment (e.g., testimony, updates, conferences, reprint or copy service) is contemplated, special arrangements acceptable to Altus must be made in advance. The working papers for
this agreement have been and will continue to be (even after termination of this agreement) retained in our files for a maximum period of five years following the completion of each assignment, unless otherwise consented to by Client and are
available for your reference.    Unless otherwise stated, no effort has been made to determine the possible effect, if any, on the subject property of
energy shortage or future federal, state or local legislation, including any environmental or ecological matters or interpretations thereof.    We take no
responsibility for any events, conditions or circumstances affecting the subject property or its value, that take place subsequent to the effective date of value cited in the appraisal under review.  
      14  

STANDARD CONDITIONS   Appraisals   
 The following Standard Conditions apply to  real estate appraisals  by Altus. Special Conditions are added as required.  
  Report Content:     Appraisals are performed and written
reports are prepared in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice of the Appraisal Foundation and with the Appraisal Institute s Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice and Code of Professional Ethics.  
 Unless specifically stated, the value conclusion(s) contained in the appraisal applies to the real estate only, and does not include personal property,
machinery and equipment, trade fixtures, business value, goodwill or other non-realty items. The appraisal report covering the subject is limited to surface rights only, and does not include any inherent subsurface or mineral rights. Income tax
considerations have not been included or valued unless so specified in the appraisal. We make no representations as to the value changes that may be attributed to such considerations.  
 The appraisal assumes market conditions as observed as of the date of our market research stated in the appraisal report. These market conditions will be
believed to be correct; however, the appraisers assume no liability should market conditions materially change because of unusual or unforeseen circumstances.  
 No opinion is rendered as to property title, which is assumed to be good and marketable. Unless otherwise stated, no consideration is given to liens or
encumbrances against the property. Sketches, maps, photos, or other graphic aids included in appraisal reports are intended to assist the reader in ready identification and visualization of the property, and are not intended for technical purposes.
   It is assumed that legal, engineering, or other professional advice, as may be required, has been or will be obtained from professional sources and that
the appraisal report will not be used for guidance in legal or technical matters such as, but not limited to, the existence of encroachments, easements or other discrepancies affecting the legal description of the property. It is assumed that there
are no concealed or dubious conditions of the subsoil or subsurface waters including water table and flood plain, unless otherwise noted. We further assume there are no regulations of any government entity to control or restrict the use of the
property unless specifically referred to in the report. It is assumed that the property will not operate in violation of any applicable government regulations, codes, ordinances or statutes.  
 The appraisal report is not intended to be an engineering report. We are not qualified as structural or environmental engineers, therefore we are not
qualified to judge the structural or environmental integrity of the improvements, if any. Consequently, no warranty or representations will made nor any liability assumed in the appraisal for the structural soundness, quality, adequacy or capacities
of said improvements and utility services, including the construction materials, particularly the roof, foundations, and equipment, including the HVAC systems, if applicable. Should there be any question concerning the same, it is strongly
recommended that an engineering, construction and/or environmental inspection be obtained. The value estimate(s) stated in the appraisal, unless noted otherwise, is predicated on the assumptions that all improvements, equipment and building
services,  
      15  

if any, are structurally sound and suffer no concealed or latent defects or inadequacies other than those noted in the appraisal. We will call to your attention any apparent defects or material
adverse conditions which come to our attention.    In the absence of competent technical advice to the contrary, it is assumed that the property being
appraised is not adversely affected by concealed or unapparent hazards such as, but not limited to asbestos, hazardous or contaminated substances, toxic waste or radioactivity.  
 Information furnished by others is presumed to be reliable, and where so specified in the report, has been verified; but no responsibility, whether legal or
otherwise, is assumed for the accuracy of such information, and it cannot be guaranteed as being certain. No single item of information was completely relied upon to the exclusion of other information.  
 Appraisal reports may contain estimates of future financial performance, estimates or opinions that represent Altus s view of reasonable expectations at
a particular point in time, but such information, estimates or opinions are not offered as predictions or as assurances that a particular level of income or profit will be achieved, that events will occur, or that a particular price will be offered
or accepted. Actual results achieved during the period covered by our prospective financial analyses will vary from those described in our report, and the variations may be material.  
 Any proposed construction of rehabilitation referred to in the appraisal is assumed to be completed within a reasonable time and in a workmanlike manner
according to or exceeding currently accepted standards of design and methods of construction.    Any inaccessible portions of the property or improvements
not inspected are assumed to be as reported or similar to the areas that are inspected.    It should be specifically noted by any prospective mortgagee that
the appraisal assumes that the property will be competently managed, leased, and maintained by financially sound owners over the expected period of ownership. This appraisal engagement does not entail an evaluation of management s or
owner s effectiveness, nor are we responsible for future marketing efforts and other management or ownership actions upon which actual results will depend.  
 The Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) became effective January 26, 1992. Altus will not make a specific compliance survey and analysis of
this property to determine whether or not it is in conformity with the various detailed requirements of the ADA. It is possible that a compliance survey of the property, together with a detailed analysis of the requirements of the ADA, could reveal
that the property is not in compliance with one or more of the requirements of the ADA. If so, this fact could have a negative effect upon the value of the property. Since Altus has no direct evidence relating to this issue, Altus did not consider
possible non-compliance with the requirements of ADA in estimating the value of the property.     Use of the Report:   
 Altus is providing the services and deliverables solely for Client s and Blackstone s and their respective affiliates  internal use and benefit.
Except as set forth herein, the services and deliverables are not for a third party s use, benefit or reliance, and Altus disclaims any contractual or other  
      16  

responsibility or duty of care to others based upon these services or deliverables. Neither our report, nor its contents, nor any reference to Altus, may be included or quoted in any offering
circular or registration statement, prospectus, sales brochure, other appraisal, loan or other agreement or document without our prior written permission.  
 The appraisal applies only to the property described and for the purpose so stated and should not be used for any other purpose. Any allocation of total price
between land and the improvements as shown is invalidated if used separately or in conjunction with any other report.    Neither the report nor any portions
thereof (especially any conclusions as to value, the identity Altus, or any reference to the Appraisal Institute or other recognized appraisal organization or the designations they confer) shall be disseminated to the public through public relations
media, news media, advertising media, sales media or any other public means of communication without the prior written consent and approval of Altus except as may be required by law. The date(s) of the valuation to which the appraisal review
conclusions apply is set forth in the letter of transmittal and within the body of the report. The value is based on the purchasing power of the United States dollar as of that date.  
  Terms of the Engagement:     Appraisal assignments are
accepted with the understanding that there is no obligation to furnish services after completion of the original assignment. If the need for subsequent service related to an appraisal assignment (e.g., testimony, updates, conferences, reprint or
copy service) is contemplated, special arrangements acceptable to Altus must be made in advance. The working papers for this agreement have been and will continue to be (even after termination of this Agreement) retained in our files for a maximum
period of five years following the completion of each assignment, unless otherwise consented to by Client and are available for your reference.    Unless
otherwise stated, no effort has been made to determine the possible effect, if any, on the subject property of energy shortage or future federal, state or local legislation, including any environmental or ecological matters or interpretations
thereof.    We take no responsibility for any events, conditions or circumstances affecting the subject property or its value, that take place subsequent to
either the effective date of value cited in the appraisal or the date of our field inspection, whichever occurs first.  
      17  

EXHIBIT E   
  Standard Data Request Forms   
      18  

Office Property (new appraisal)   
  Information Request       

1. 
 Current rent roll with rent steps and option information along with a summary of vacant space.        

2. 
 Stacking plan.        

3. 
 Details on any lease proposals/letters of intent, which are outstanding.        

4. 
 Summary of current asking rent rates and terms (TI allowance, etc.) for vacant space.        

6. 
 Management s detailed 2014 1  operating budget with supporting schedules and narrative (if available).    

7. 
 Capital budget for 2014 (if available); future capital budget requirements (5-year plan if available).        

8. 
 Copy of most recent real estate tax bill; if utilizing a tax consultant, please provide the appropriate contact.        

9. 
 Copy of the management and leasing agreements.        

10. 
 Competitive property survey if available.        

12. 
 Market report or recent market study applicable to the property if available.        

14. 
 If available, any narrative summary of the subject s existing physical, mechanical and structural components.        

15. 
 Environmental and/or engineering reports, if available.        

16. 
 Name   phone numbers of property manager and leasing representative.        

1   
 Note: dates to be updated.    
      19  

Apartment Valuation (new appraisal)   
  Information Request       

1. 
 Current rent roll with rent information along with a summary of vacant space.        

2. 
 Copy of standard lease agreement.        

3. 
 Summary of current asking rent rates and terms (rent concessions) for vacant space.        

5. 
 Management s 2014 operating budget with supporting schedules and narrative, if available.        

6. 
 Capital budget for 2014 and/or future capital budget requirements (5-year plan), if available.        

7. 
 Copy of most recent real estate tax bill; if utilizing a tax consultant, please provide the appropriate contact.        

8. 
 Copy of the management and leasing agreements.        

9. 
 Competitive property survey along with information on comparable apartment complex sales.        

10. 
 Name and phone/fax numbers of property manager, and leasing agent.        

11. 
 Copy of ground lease, if applicable.        

12. 
 Market report or recent market study applicable to the property.        

13. 
 Description, cost estimates, and timing of any proposed expansions, renovations, rehabilitation or remodeling.    
      20  

Industrial Property (new appraisal)   
  Information Request       

1. 
 Current rent roll with option information and summary of vacant space.        

2. 
 Copies of tenant leases (major tenants only) and lease summaries or abstracts. Copy of standard lease agreement.        

3. 
 Details on any lease proposals/letters of intent, which are outstanding.        

4. 
 Summary of current asking rates and terms (TI allowance, etc.) for vacant space.        

5. 
 Size (square feet) of office space in each suite and/or building.        

7. 
 Management s 2014 operating budget with supporting schedules and narrative.        

8. 
 Capital budget for 2014; future capital budget requirements (5-year plan if available).        

9. 
 Copy of most recent real estate tax bill; if utilizing a tax consultant, please provide the appropriate contract.        

10. 
 Copy of the management and leasing agreements.        

11. 
 Description of the physical, mechanical, and structural components, information should include gross, rentable and usable areas; description.    

12. 
 Engineering reports and environmental survey, if available.        

14. 
 Competitive property survey.        

15. 
 Name and phone/fax numbers of property manager, and leasing agent.        

16. 
 Copy of ground lease, if applicable.    
      21  

Retail Valuation (new appraisal)   
  Information Request       

1. 
 Current rent roll with rent steps and option information along with a summary of vacant space.        

2. 
 Details on any lease proposals/letters of intent, which are outstanding.        

4. 
 Management s detailed 2014 (if available) operating budget with supporting schedules and narrative.        

6. 
 Details regarding the methods of computing CAM, real estate tax, and other expense recoveries (e.g. narrative and/or worksheet description of the recovery methods in place). Typically, this involves two schedules for
each recovery. One schedule is tenant by tenant billing summary and the other schedule shows the calculation of the expense numerators and the square foot denominators. Year- end 2013 schedules with base years, caps, etc. would be helpful.

7. 
 Capital budget for 2014 (if available); future capital budget requirements (5-year plan if available).        

8. 
 Copy of most recent real estate tax bills.        

9. 
 Lease Plan        

11. 
 Copies of all anchor and major tenant lease agreements.        

12. 
 Copy of the management and leasing agreements.        

13. 
 Name and contact information of leasing representative and property manager.        

14. 
 Schedule of merchant s association or marketing charges.        

16. 
 If available, any narrative summary of the subject s existing physical, mechanical and structural components.        

17. 
 Market report or recent market study applicable to the property.        

18. 
 Environmental and/or engineering reports, if available.    
      22  

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 d464593dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION      PURSUANT
TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14      PROMULGATED UNDER   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Frank Cohen, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Frank Cohen   
 
 Frank Cohen  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 d464593dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION      PURSUANT
TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14      PROMULGATED UNDER   
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Paul D. Quinlan, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(c) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 14, 2016       

/s/ Paul D. Quinlan   
 
 Paul D. Quinlan  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 d464593dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the   Company  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   Report  ), I, Frank Cohen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
   
   This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 d464593dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the   Company  ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   Report  ), I, Paul D. Quinlan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Paul D. Quinlan   
 
 Paul D. Quinlan  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 November 14, 2016  
   This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 ck0001662972-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 ck0001662972-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 ck0001662972-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 ck0001662972-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 ck0001662972-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 ck0001662972-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

