<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1413263_0001213900-16-018370_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6133587</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126469</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>398568</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1348152</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2682081</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1478250</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018370.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114123918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018370
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHINA JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413263
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				980557582
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0730

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34711
		FILM NUMBER:		161992827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1ST FLOOR, YUZHENG PLAZA
		STREET 2:		YUHUANGSHAN ROAD, HANGZHOU CITY
		CITY:			ZHEJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			310008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 1501-158-6601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1ST FLOOR, YUZHENG PLAZA
		STREET 2:		YUHUANGSHAN ROAD, HANGZHOU CITY
		CITY:			ZHEJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			310008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KERRISDALE MINING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018370.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_chinajojodrugstores.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
DC 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

or  

CHINA
    JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
         
       98-0557852    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)   

1st
        Floor, Yuzheng Plaza, No. 76,   
           Yuhuangshan
        Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province   
           People s
        Republic of China    

310002     

(Address of principal executive offices)  
         
      (Zip
    Code)   

N/A    
 
      (Former
    name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every, Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec.232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    Accelerated Filer     
      Accelerated
    Filer                       
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes       No 

As
of November 11, 2016, the registrant had 20,374,678 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

TO
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

   FOR
THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

Page    
 
       PART
    I   
       FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION   

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements  
      1   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016  
      2   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Three and Six Months ended September 30, 2016
    and 2015  
      3   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      4   

Notes
    to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
      5   
 
      Item
    2.  
      Management's
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      23   
 
      Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      33   
 
      Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      33   

PART
    II   
       OTHER
    INFORMATION   

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
      34   
 
      Signatures  
      35   

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION  

All
statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ) for the registrant, other than statements
of historical facts, that address future activities, events or developments are forward-looking statements, including, but not
limited to, statements containing the words  believe,   anticipate,   expect  and words of
similar import. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our assessment
of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate
under the circumstances. However, whether actual results will conform to the expectations and predictions of management is subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially.  

Such
risks include, among others, the following: national and local general economic and market conditions: our ability to sustain,
manage or forecast our growth; raw material costs and availability; new product development and introduction; existing government
regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of
significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy
or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology;
and other factors referenced in this and previous filings.  

Consequently,
all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no
assurance that the actual results anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will
have the expected consequences to or effects on our business operations.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
    1.   
       FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS    

CHINA
JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

(UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

1  

CHINA
JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

(UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

2  

CHINA
JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

(UNAUDITED)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3  

CHINA
JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(Unaudited)  

Note
1   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION   

China
Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. ( Jo-Jo Drugstores  or the  Company ), was incorporated in Nevada on December 19,
2006, originally under the name  Kerrisdale Mining Corporation . On September 24, 2009, the Company changed its name
to  China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc.  in connection with a share exchange transaction as described below.  

On
September 17, 2009, the Company completed a share exchange transaction with Renovation Investment (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. ( Renovation ),
whereby 7,900,000 shares of common stock were issued to the stockholders of Renovation in exchange for 100% of the capital stock
of Renovation. The completion of the share exchange transaction resulted in a change of control. The share exchange transaction
was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization and, as a result, the consolidated financial statements of the
Company (the legal acquirer) are, in substance, those of Renovation (the accounting acquirer), with the assets and liabilities,
and revenues and expenses, of the Company being included effective from the date of the share exchange transaction. Renovation
has no substantive operations of its own except for its holdings of Zhejiang Jiuxin Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( Jiuxin
Management ), Zhejiang Shouantang Medical Technology Co., Ltd. ( Shouantang Technology ) and Hangzhou Jiutong
Medical Technology Co., Ltd ( Jiutong Medical ), its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  

The
Company is a retail, both online and offline, and wholesale distributor of pharmaceutical and other healthcare products in the
People s Republic of China ( China  or the  PRC ). The Company s offline retail business is
comprised primarily of pharmacies, a majority of which are operated by Hangzhou Jiuzhou Grand Pharmacy Chain Co., Ltd. ( Jiuzhou
Pharmacy ), a company that the Company controls through contractual arrangements.  

The
Company s offline retail business also includes four medical clinics through Hangzhou Jiuzhou Clinic of Integrated Traditional
and Western Medicine ( Jiuzhou Clinic ) and Hangzhou Jiuzhou Medical and Public Health Service Co., Ltd. ( Jiuzhou
Service ), both of which are also controlled by the Company through contractual arrangements. On December 18, 2013, Jiuzhou
Service established, and held 51% of, Hangzhou Shouantang Health Management Co., Ltd. ( Shouantang Health ), a PRC
company licensed to sell health care products. Shouantang Health was closed in April 2015. In May 2016, Shouantang Bio set up
and held 49% of Kahamadi Bio, a joint venture specialized in brand name development for nutritional supplements.  

The
Company s online pharmacy license remains with Jiuzhou Pharmacy and its online retail pharmacy business was primarily conducted
through Zhejiang Quannuo Internet Technology Co., Ltd. ( Quannuo Technology ), which provided technical, sales and
logistic support. In May 2015, the Company established Zhejiang Jianshun Network Technology Co. Ltd, a joint venture with Shanghai
Jianbao Technology Co., Ltd. ( Jianshun Network ), in order to develop its online pharmaceutical sales from large
commercial medical insurance companies. On September 10, 2015, Renovation set up a new entity named Hangzhou JiuYi Medical Technology
Co. Ltd. ( Jiuyi Technology ) to provide additional technical support such as webpage development to our online pharmacy
business. In November 2015, the Company sold all of the equity interests of Quannou Technology to six individuals for approximately
$17,121 (RMB107,074). After the sale, its technical support function has been transferred back to Jiuzhou Pharmacy, which hosts
our online pharmacy.  

The
Company s wholesale business is primarily conducted through Zhejiang Jiuxin Medicine Co., Ltd. ( Jiuxin Medicine ),
which is licensed to distribute prescription and non-prescription pharmaceutical products throughout China. Jiuzhou Pharmacy acquired
Jiuxin Medicine on August 25, 2011.  

The
Company s herb farming business is conducted by Hangzhou Qianhong Agriculture Development Co., Ltd. ( Qianhong Agriculture ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiuxin Management, which operates a cultivation project of herbal plants used for traditional Chinese
medicine ( TCM ).  

4  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the activities of the Company and each of the following entities:  

Entity
    Name  
         
      Background  
         
      Ownership   
 
      Renovation HK  

Incorporated in Hong Kong SAR on September 2, 2008  
         
      100%   

Jiuxin Management  

Established in the PRC on October 14, 2008  
           
        Deemed a wholly foreign owned enterprise ( WFOE ) under PRC law  
           
        Registered capital of $4.5 million fully paid   
         
      100%   

Shouantang
    Technology  

Established in the PRC on July 16, 2010 by Renovation with registered capital of $20 million  
           
        Registered capital requirement reduced by the SAIC to $11 million in July 2012 and is fully paid  
           
        Deemed a WFOE under PRC law  
           
        Invests and finances the working capital of Quannuo Technology   
         
      100%   

Qianhong
    Agriculture  

Established in the PRC on August 10, 2010 by Jiuxin Management  
           
        Registered capital of RMB 10 million fully paid  
           
        Carries out herb farming business   
         
      100%    

Jiuzhou Pharmacy
    (1)   

Established in the PRC on September 9, 2003  
           
        Registered capital of RMB 5 million fully paid  
           
        Operates the  Jiuzhou Grand Pharmacy  stores in Hangzhou   
         
      VIE by contractual 
    arrangements (2)   

Jiuzhou Clinic
    (1)  

Established in the PRC as a general partnership on October 10, 2003  
           
        Operates a medical clinic adjacent to one of Jiuzhou Pharmacy s stores   
         
      VIE by contractual
    arrangements (2)   

Jiuzhou Service
    (1)  

Established in the PRC on November 2, 2005  
           
        Registered capital of RMB 500,000 fully paid  
           
        Operates a medical clinic adjacent to one of Jiuzhou Pharmacy s stores   
         
       VIE by contractual 
        arrangements (2)  

Jiuxin
    Medicine    

Established in PRC on December 31, 2003  
           
        Acquired by Jiuzhou Pharmacy in August 2011  
           
        Registered capital of RMB 10 million fully paid  
           
        Carries out pharmaceutical distribution services   
         
       VIE
        by contractual arrangements as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiuzhou Pharmacy (2)    

Jiutong
    Medical    

Established in the PRC on December 20, 2011 by Renovation  
           
        Registered capital of $2.6 million fully paid  
           
        Currently has no operation   
         
      100%    

Shouantang
    Bio   

Established in the PRC in October 2014 by Shouantang Technology   
           
        100% held by Shouantang Technology   
           
        Registered capital of RMB 1,000,000 fully paid  
           
        Sells nutritional supplements under its own brand name   
         
      100%    

Jianshun Network  

Established in the PRC in May 2015  
           
        35% held by Jiuzhou Pharmacy   
           
        Manages sales on official website of the online pharmacy   
         
      Joint
    Venture 35% owned by Jiuzhou Pharmacy   

Jiuyi
    Technology  

Established in the PRC on September 10, 2015  
           
        100% held by Renovation  
           
Technical support to online pharmacy   
         
      100%   

Kahamadi
    Bio   

Established in the PRC in May 2016  
           
        49% held by Shouantang Bio   
           
        Registered capital of RMB 10 million  
           
        Develop brand name for nutritional supplements   
         
      Joint
    Venture 49% owned by Shouantang Bio   

(1)  
      Jiuzhou
    Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service have been under the common control of the three shareholders of Renovation (the
     Owners ) since their respective establishment dates, pursuant to agreements among the Owners to vote their interests
    in concert as memorialized in a voting agreement. Based on such voting agreement, the Company has determined that common control
    exists among these three companies. Operationally, the Owners have operated these three companies in conjunction with one
    another since each company s respective establishment date. Jiuxin Medicine is also deemed under the common control
    of the Owners as a subsidiary of Jiuzhou Pharmacy.   

5  

(2)  
      To
    comply with certain foreign ownership restrictions of pharmacy and medical clinic operators, Jiuxin Management entered into
    a series of contractual arrangements with Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service on August 1, 2009. These contractual
    arrangements are comprised of five agreements: consulting services agreement, operating agreement, equity pledge agreement,
    voting rights agreement and option agreement. As a result of these agreements, which obligate Jiuxin Management to absorb
    all of the risks of loss from the activities of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service, and enable the Company
    (through Jiuxin Management) to receive all of their expected residual returns, the Company accounts for all three companies
    (as well as subsidiaries of Jiuzhou Pharmacy) as a variable interest entity ( VIE ) under the accounting standards
    of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). Accordingly, the financial statements of Jiuzhou Pharmacy,
    Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service, as well as the subsidiary under the control of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuxin Medicine and Shouantang
    Bio are consolidated into the financial statements of the Company.   

Note
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of presentation and consolidation   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial statements. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( US GAAP ) for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read
in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in the Company s annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 filed with the SEC on June 28, 2016. Operating results for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 may not be necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and VIEs.  All
significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and VIEs are eliminated upon consolidation.  

Consolidation
of variable interest entities   

In
accordance with accounting standards regarding consolidation of variable interest entities, VIEs are generally entities that lack
sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders
lack adequate decision making ability. All VIEs with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary
beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE for financial reporting
purposes.  

The
Company has concluded, based on the contractual arrangements, that Jiuzhou Pharmacy (including its subsidiaries and controlled
entities), Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service are each a VIE and that the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiuxin Management,
absorbs a majority of the risk of loss from the activities of these companies, thereby enabling the Company, through Jiuxin Management,
to receive a majority of their respective expected residual returns.  

Additionally,
as Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service are under common control, the consolidated financial statements have been
prepared as if the transactions had occurred retroactively as to the beginning of the reporting period of these consolidated financial
statements.  

Control
and common control are defined under the accounting standards as  an individual, enterprise, or immediate family members
who hold more than 50 percent of the voting ownership interest of each entity.  Because the Owners collectively own 100%
of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service, and have agreed to vote their interests in concert since the establishment
of each of these three companies as memorialized the Voting Rights Proxy Agreement, the Company believes that the Owners collectively
have control and common control of the three companies. Accordingly, the Company believes that Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic
and Jiuzhou Service were constructively held under common control by Jiuxin Management as of the time the Contractual Agreements
were entered into, establishing Jiuxin Management as their primary beneficiary. Jiuxin Management, in turn, is owned by Renovation,
which is owned by the Company.      

Risks
and Uncertainties   

The
operations of the Company are located in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition, and results
of operations may be influenced by political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC, as well as by the general state of
the PRC economy. The Company s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically
associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political,
economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes
in the political, regulatory and social conditions in the PRC. Although the Company has not experienced losses from these situations
and believes that it is in compliance with existing laws and regulations including its organization and structure disclosed in
Note 1, this may not be indicative of future results.  

The
Company has significant cash deposits with suppliers in order to obtain and maintain inventory. The Company s ability to
obtain products and maintain inventory at existing and new locations is dependent upon its ability to post and maintain significant
cash deposits with its suppliers. In the PRC, many vendors are unwilling to extend credit terms for product sales that require
cash deposits to be made. The Company does not generally receive interest on any of its supplier deposits, and such deposits are
subject to loss as a result of the creditworthiness or bankruptcy of the party who holds such funds, as well as the risk from
illegal acts such as conversion, fraud, theft or dishonesty associated with the third party. If these circumstances were to arise,
the Company would find it difficult or impossible, due to the unpredictability of legal proceedings in China, to recover all or
a portion of the amount on deposit with its vendors or landlords.  

6  

Members
of the current management team own controlling interests in the Company and are also the Owners of the VIEs in the PRC.  The
Company only controls the VIEs through contractual arrangements which obligate it to absorb the risk of loss and to receive the
residual expected returns.  As such, the controlling shareholders of the Company and the VIEs could cancel these agreements
or permit them to expire at the end of the agreement terms, as a result of which the Company would not retain control of the VIEs.  

Use
of estimates   

The
preparation of unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The significant
estimates made in the preparation of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements relate to the assessment
of the carrying values of accounts receivable, advances to suppliers and related allowance for doubtful accounts, useful lives
of property and equipment, inventory reserve and fair value of its purchase option derivative liability. Because of the use of
estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could materially differ from those estimates.  

Fair
value measurements   

The Company has adopted ASC Topic 820,  Fair
Value Measurement and Disclosure,  which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It does not require any new fair value measurements, but provides guidance
on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source of the information. It establishes
a three-level valuation hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable inputs, which may be used to measure
fair value and include the following: 

Level
1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level
3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.  

Classification
within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

The
Company's financial assets and liabilities, which include financial instruments as defined by ASC 820, include cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, accounts payable, long-term debt and derivatives. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, financial
assets available for sales, accounts receivable, notes receivables, and accounts payable are a reasonable approximation of fair
value due to the short maturities of these instruments (Level 1). The carrying amount of notes payable approximates fair value
based on borrowing rates of similar bank loan currently available to the Company (Level 2) (See Note 13). The carrying amount
of the Company's derivative instruments is recorded at fair value and is determined based on observable inputs that are corroborated
by market data (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016, the fair values of our derivative instruments that were carried at fair value
(See Note 17).  

Revenue
recognition   

Revenue
from sales of prescription medicine at the drugstores is recognized when the prescription is filled and the customer picks
up and pays for the prescription.  

Revenue
from sales of other merchandise at the drugstores is recognized at the point of sale, which is when a customer pays for and receives
the merchandise. Usually the majority of our merchandise such as prescription and OTC drugs are not allowed to be returned after
the customers leave the counter. Return of other products, such as sundry products, are minimal. Sales of drugs reimbursed by
the local government medical insurance agency and receivables from the agency are recognized when a customer pays for the drugs
at a store. Based on historical experience, a reserve for potential loss from denial of reimbursement on certain unqualified drugs
is made to the receivables from the government agency.  

Revenue
from medical services is recognized after the service has been rendered to a customer.  

7  

Revenue
from online pharmacy sales is recognized when merchandise is shipped to customers. While most deliveries take one day, certain
deliveries may take longer depending on a customer s location. Any loss caused in a shipment will be reimbursed by the Company s
courier company. Our sales policy allows return of certain merchandises without reasons within seven days after customer s
receipts of merchandise. A proper sales reserve is made to account for the potential loss from returns from customers. Historically,
sales returns seven days after merchandise receipts have been minimal.  

Revenue
from sales of merchandise to non-retail customers is recognized when the following conditions are met: (1) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists (sales agreements and customer purchase orders are used to determine the existence of an arrangement);
(2) delivery of goods has occurred and risks and benefits of ownership have been transferred, which is when the goods are received
by the customer at its designated location in accordance with the sales terms; (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and
(4) collectability is probable. Historically, sales returns have been minimal.  

The
Company s revenue is net of value added tax ( VAT ) collected on behalf of PRC tax authorities in respect to
the sales of merchandise. VAT collected from customers, net of VAT paid for purchases, is recorded as a liability in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets until it is paid to the relevant PRC tax authorities.  

Restricted
cash   

The
Company s restricted cash consists of cash in a bank as security for its notes payable. The Company has notes payable outstanding
with the bank and is required to keep certain amounts on deposit that are subject to withdrawal restrictions. The notes payable
are generally short term in nature due to their short maturity period of six to nine months; thus, restricted cash is classified
as a current asset.  

Accounts
receivable   

Accounts
receivable represents the following: (1) amounts due from banks relating to retail sales that are paid or settled by the customers 
debit or credit cards, (2) amounts due from government social security bureaus and commercial health insurance programs relating
to retail sales of drugs, prescription medicine, and medical services that are paid or settled by the customers  medical
insurance cards, (3) amounts due from non-bank third party payment instruments such as Alipay from certain e-commerce platforms
and (4) amounts due from non-retail customers for sales of merchandise.   

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts,
as necessary. In the Company s retail business, accounts receivable mainly consist of reimbursements due from the government
insurance bureaus and commercial health insurance programs and are usually collected within two or three months. The Company directly
writes off delinquent account balances, which is determined to be uncollectible after confirming with the appropriate bureau or
program each month. Additionally, the Company also makes estimated reserves on related outstanding accounts receivable based on
historical trend.  

In
the Company s online pharmacy business, accounts receivables primarily consist of amounts due from non-bank third party
payment instruments such as Alipay from certain e-commerce platforms. To purchase pharmaceutical products from the e-commerce
platforms such as Tmall, customers are required to pay to certain non-bank third party payment instruments such as Alipay, which,
in turn, will reimburse the Company within seven days to a month. Except for customer returns of sold products, the receivables
from these payments instruments are rarely uncollectible.  

In
its wholesale business, the Company uses the aging method to estimate the allowance for anticipated uncollectible receivable balances.
Under the aging method, bad debt percentages are determined by management, based on historical experience and the current
economic climate, are applied to customers  balances categorized by the number of months the underlying invoices have remained
outstanding. At each reporting period, the allowance balance is adjusted to reflect the amount computed as a result of the aging
method. When facts subsequently become available to indicate that the allowance provided requires an adjustment, a corresponding
adjustment is made to the allowance account as a change in estimate.  

Advances
to suppliers   

Advances
to suppliers consist of prepayments to our vendors such as pharmaceutical manufacturers and other distributors. Since the acquisition
of Jiuxin Medicine, we have transferred almost all logistics services of our retail drugstores to Jiuxin Medicine. Jiuzhou Pharmacy
only makes purchase on certain non-medical products such as sundry. As a result, almost all of advance to suppliers balances are
with Jiuxin Medicine.  

Advances
to suppliers for our drug wholesale business consist of prepayments to our vendors such as pharmaceutical manufacturers and other
distributors. We typically receive products from vendors within three to nine months after making prepayments. We continuously
monitor delivery from and payments to our vendors while maintaining a provision for estimated credit losses based upon historical
experience and any specific supplier issues such as discontinuing of inventory supply that have been identified. If we are
having difficulty receiving products from a vendor, we take the following steps: cease purchasing products from the vendor, ask
for return of our prepayment promptly, and if necessary, take legal actions. If all of these steps are unsuccessful, management
then determines whether or not the prepayments should be reserved or written off.  

Inventories   

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined using the first in first out (FIFO) method. Market value is
the lower of replacement cost or net realizable value. The Company carries out physical inventory counts on a monthly basis at
each store and warehouse location. Herbs the Company farms are recorded at their cost, which includes direct costs such as seed
selection, fertilizer, labor costs that are spent in growing herbs on the leased farmland, and indirect costs such as amortization
of farmland development cost. All costs are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to harvested herbs costs
when the herbs are sold. The Company periodically reviews its inventory and records write-downs to inventories for shrinkage losses
and damaged merchandise that are identified. The Company provides a reserve for estimated inventory obsolescence or excess quantities
on hand equal to the difference, if any, between the cost of the inventory and its estimated realizable value.   

8  

Farmland
assets   

Herbs
that the Company farms are recorded at their costs, which includes direct costs such as seed selection, fertilizer, and labor
costs that are spent in growing herbs on the leased farmland, and indirect costs such as amortization of farmland development
costs. Since April 2014, amortization of farmland development costs has been expensed instead of allocated into inventory due
to unpredictable future market value of planted gingko trees.  

All
related costs described in the above are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to harvested herbs when they
are sold.  

Property
and equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation or amortization. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, taking into consideration the assets  estimated residual value. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the shorter of lease term or remaining lease period of the underlying assets. Following are the
estimated useful lives of the Company s property and equipment:  

Estimated Useful Life  
 
     Leasehold improvements    
     3-10 years  
 
     Motor vehicles    
     3-5 years  
 
     Office equipment   furniture    
     3-5 years  
 
     Buildings    
     35 years  

Maintenance,
repairs and minor renewals are charged to expenses as incurred. Major additions and betterment to property and equipment are capitalized.  

Intangible
assets   

Intangible
assets are acquired individually or as part of a group of assets, and are initially recorded at their fair value.  The
cost of a group of assets acquired in a transaction is allocated to the individual assets based on their relative fair values.  

The
estimated useful lives of the Company s intangible assets are as follows:  

Estimated
    Useful Life   
 
      Land
    use right  
         
      50
    years   
 
      Software  
         
      3
    years   

The
Company evaluates intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might
be impaired.   

Impairment
of long lived assets   

The
Company evaluates long lived tangible and intangible assets for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable from its estimated future cash flows. Recoverability is measured by comparing the
assets  net book value to the related projected undiscounted cash flows from these assets, considering a number of factors
including past operating results, budgets, economic projections, market trends and product development cycles. If the net book
value of the asset exceeds the related undiscounted cash flows, the asset is considered impaired, and a second test is performed
to measure the amount of impairment loss. There were no fixed assets and farmland assets impaired for the six months ended September
30, 2016 (See Note 6 and 9).  

Notes
payable   

During
the normal course of business, the Company regularly issues bank acceptance bills as a payment method to settle outstanding accounts
payables with various material suppliers. The Company records such bank acceptance bills as notes payable. Such notes payable
are generally short term in nature due to their short maturity period of six to nine months.  

Income
taxes   

The Company follows FASB ASC Topic 740,  Income
Taxes,  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount expected to be realized.  

9  

The Company has adopted FASB ASC Topic
740-10-25, which provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax position. The
Company must recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The Company performed self-assessment and the Company s liability for income
taxes includes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties which relate to tax years still subject to review
by taxing authorities. Audit periods remain open for review until the statute of limitations has passed, which in the PRC is usually
5 years. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment
to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be material to the Company s results of operations
for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations for the given period. As of September 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016, the management of the Company considered that the Company had no additional liabilities for uncertain
tax positions affecting its consolidated financial position and results of operations or cash flows, and will continue to evaluate
for any uncertain position in the future. There are no estimated interest costs and penalties provided in the Company s consolidated
financial statements for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. The Company s tax positions related
to open tax years are subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities and the major one is the China Tax Authority.  

Value
added tax   

Sales
revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of VAT. All of the Company s products are sold in the PRC and are subject
to a VAT on the gross sales price. The VAT rates range up to 17%, depending on the type of products sold. The VAT may be
offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other materials included in the cost of producing or acquiring its finished
products. The Company recorded a VAT payable net of payments in the accompanying financial statements.  

The
accounting standards clarify the accounting and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions and prescribe a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The accounting standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosures, and transition. No significant penalties, uncertain tax provisions or interest relating to income taxes
were incurred during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Stock
based compensation   

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation,  which establishes accounting
standards for non-employee and employee stock-based awards. Under the provisions of ASC 718, the fair value of stock issued is
used to measure the fair value of services received as the Company believes such approach is a more reliable method of measuring
the fair value of the services. For non-employee stock-based awards, fair value is measured based on the value of the Company s
common stock on the date that the commitment for performance by the counterparty has been reached or the counterparty s
performance is complete. The fair value of the equity instrument is calculated and then recognized as compensation expense over
the requisite performance period. For employee stock-based awards, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date
based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense with graded vesting on a straight line basis over the
requisite service period for the entire award.  

Advertising
and promotion costs   

Advertising
and promotion costs are expensed as incurred and amounted to $113,638 and $134,887 for three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $182,487 and $198,053 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such costs consist
primarily of print and promotional materials such as flyers to local communities.  

Operating
leases   

The
Company leases premises for retail drugstores, offices and wholesale warehouse under non-cancelable operating leases. Operating
lease payments are expensed over the term of lease. A majority of the Company s retail drugstore leases have a 3 to 8 year
term with a renewal option upon the expiration of the lease; the wholesale warehouse lease has a 10-year term with a renewal option
upon the expiration of the lease. The Company has historically been able to renew a majority of its drugstores leases. Under the
terms of the lease agreements, the Company has no legal or contractual asset retirement obligations at the end of the lease. In
addition, land leased from the government is amortized on a straight-line basis over a 30-year term.  

Foreign
currency translation   

The
Company uses the United States dollar ( U.S. dollars  or  USD ) for financial reporting purposes. The
Company s subsidiaries and VIEs maintain their books and records in their functional currency the Renminbi ( RMB ),
the currency of the PRC.      

In
general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates the assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries and VIEs into U.S.
dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statements of income and cash flows
are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported
on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Equity
accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the financial statements of the subsidiaries
and VIEs are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income.  

The
balance sheet amounts, with the exception of equity, at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 were translated at 1 RMB to 0.1499
USD and at 1 RMB to 0.1551 USD, respectively. The average translation rates applied to income and cash flow statement amounts
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were at 1 RMB to 0.1515USD and at 1 RMB to 0.1617 USD, respectively.  

10  

Concentrations
and credit risk   

Certain
financial instruments, which subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist of cash and restricted cash. The Company
has cash balances at financial institutions located in Hong Kong and PRC. Balances at financial institutions in Hong Kong may,
from time to time, exceed Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board s insured limits. Since March 31, 2015, balances at financial
institutions and state-owned banks within the PRC are covered by insurance up to RMB 500,000 (USD 74,960) per bank. As of September
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had deposits totaling $14,962,487 and $19,956,275 that were covered by such limited
insurance, respectively. Any balance over RMB 500,000 (USD 74,960) per bank in PRC will not be covered. To date, the Company has
not experienced any losses in such accounts.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, one largest vendor accounted for 30.7% of the Company s total purchases and one
vendor accounted for 9.9% of the Company s total advances to suppliers. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, two
largest vendors accounted for 24.5% of the Company s total purchases and one vendor accounted for 18.2% of the Company s
total advances to suppliers.  

For
the six months ended September 30, 2016, two largest vendors accounted for 38.6% of the Company s total purchases and one
vendor accounted for 9.9% of the Company s total advances to suppliers. For the six months ended September 30, 2015, two
largest vendors accounted for 25.3% of the Company s total purchases and one vendor accounted for 18.2% of the Company s
total advances to suppliers.  

For
the three months and six months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, no customer accounted for more than 10% of the
Company s total sales or accounts receivable.    

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. 
This ASU introduces a new forward-looking approach, based on expected losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial
instruments, including trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses will require considerations of historical information,
current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU also expands the disclosure requirements to enable users
of financial statements to understand the assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. This ASU is effective
for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and allows for early adoption beginning in the first quarter of 2019. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact the ASU will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting,  requiring the recognition of the income tax effects of stock awards in the income statement when the
awards are settled and allowing the Company to repurchase more of an employee's shares than allowed under current guidance, without
triggering liability accounting. This ASU also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification and
accounting for forfeitures. This ASU is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2017 and allows for early
adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Revenue
Recognition  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  replacing most existing
revenue recognition guidance under GAAP and eliminating industry specific guidance. The core principle of the new guidance is
that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods and services equal to an amount it expects to be entitled to
receive for those goods and services.  

In
August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
Date,  deferring the effective date by one year.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations
(Reporting Gross versus Net),  clarifying the principal versus agent guidance in the new revenue recognition standard, by
revising the indicators to focus on evidence that the company is a principal.  

11  

In
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing,  reducing the complexity when applying the guidance for identifying performance obligations and clarifying
how to determine whether revenue related to a performance obligation for an intellectual property license is recognized over time
or at a point in time.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
Practical Expedients,  clarifying certain core recognition principles including collectability, sales tax presentation,
noncash consideration, contract modifications and completed contracts at transition.  

These
ASUs are effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2018, allow for early adoption in the first quarter of 2017
and may be applied using either a full retrospective approach or a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating
the method of adoption and the impact these ASUs will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  

NOTE
3   FINANCIAL ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR SALE   

As
of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, financial assets available for sale amounted to $0 and $465,165
(RMB 3,000,000), respectively. On March 28, 2016, the Company purchased from Bank of Hangzhou a wealth-management product called
 Lehui 2016 , which bears an annual interest rate of 4.15% and is due and paid back on September 26, 2016. The total
principal is $465,165 (RMB 3,000,000) interest received is approximately $9,433.   

NOTE
4   TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE   

Trade
accounts receivable consisted of the following:  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $30,790 and $31,541 in accounts receivable were directly written off respectively.
For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $63,382 and $91,873 in accounts receivable were directly written off respectively.  

Note
5   OTHER CURRENT ASSETS   

Other
current assets consisted of the following:  

(1)    
      Represents
    store and office rental expenses that were usually prepaid and amortized over the prepayment period.   

12  

Note 6
  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT   

Property
and equipment consisted of the following:  

*The
variance of impairment from March 31, 2016 to September 30, 2016 is solely caused by exchange rate variance.  

Total
depreciation expense for property and equipment was $213,969 and $336,225 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $452,979 and $748,018 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. There were no fixed
assets impaired in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016.  

Note 7
  ADVANCES TO SUPPLIERS   

Advances
to suppliers consist of deposits with or advances to outside vendors for future inventory purchases. Most of the Company s
vendors require a certain amount of money to be deposited with them as a guarantee that the Company will receive its purchase
on a timely basis. This amount is refundable and bears no interest.  As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, advance
to suppliers consist of the following:  

For
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, none of the advances to suppliers were written off against previous
allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively.  

Note
8   INVENTORY   

Inventory consisted of finished goods,
which were $13,767,234 and $10,802,691 as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. As the sales in the first two
fiscal quarters were affected by G20 summit in Hangzhou, the Company planned to implement sales campaign in the third quarter and
prepared more inventory. On the other hand, because suppliers usually provide higher discount and rebate rate if more inventory
were purchased in bulk, the Company tends to purchase more inventory to maximize its profit margin. However, the Company constantly
monitors its potential obsolete products and is allowed to return products close to expiration dates to its suppliers. Any loss
on damaged items is immaterial and will be recognized immediately. As a result, no reserves were made as of September 30, 2016
and March 31, 2016. 

Note
9   FARMLAND ASSETS   

Farmland
assets are ginkgo trees planted in 2012 and expected to be harvested and sold in several years. As of September 30, 2016 and March
31, 2016, farmland assets consisted of the following:  

*
The estimated fair value is estimated to be lower than its investment value as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016.  

13  

Note 10
  LONG TERM DEPOSITS, LANDLORDS   

As
of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, long term deposits amounted to $2,370,850 and $2,452,056, respectively. Long term
deposits are money deposited with or advanced to landlords for securing retail store leases for which the Company does not anticipate
applying or being returned within the next twelve months. Most of the Company s landlords require a minimum of nine months 
rent being paid upfront plus additional deposits.  

Note 11
  OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   

(1)
As of September 30, 2016, a total of $584,688 (RMB3,900,000) was prepaid as headquarter office rental for five years from January
1, 2016 to December 31, 2020. As of September 30, 2016, prepaid rental for less than one year was classified as current assets,
the remaining balance of $350,813 was classified as noncurrent assets.  

(2)
The prepayment for lease of land use right is a payment made to a local government in connection with entering into a 30-year
operating land lease agreement. The land is currently used to cultivate Ginkgo trees. This prepayment includes a deposit of $1,049,440,
which will be refundable on the due date. Based on expected output from planted Gingko trees such as expected fruit production
and tree market value, the fair value of the lease prepayment was lower than carrying cost. As a result, the Company recorded
impairment on the lease prepayment.  

The
amortization of the prepayment for the lease of land use right was approximately $15,484 and $17,438 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amortization of the prepayment for the lease of land use right was approximately
$31,289 and $33,387 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
Company s amortizations of the prepayment for lease of land use right for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  

Note 12 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

Net
intangible assets consisted of the following at:  

Amortization
expense of intangibles amounted to $6,101 and $7,808 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
$13,591 and $15,821for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

(1)  
      This
    represents the fair value of the licenses of insurance applicable drugstores acquired from Sanhao Pharmacy. The licenses allow
    patients to pay by insurance cards at stores and the stores can get reimbursed from the Human Resource and Social Security
    Department of Hangzhou City.   

(2)  
      In
    July 2013, the Company purchased the land use right of a plot of farmland in Lin  an, Hangzhou, intended for the establishment
    of an herb processing plant in the future. However, as our farming business in Lin an has not grown, the Company does
    not expect completion of the plant in near future.    

14  

Note 13
  NOTES PAYABLE   

The
Company has credit facilities with Hangzhou United Bank ( HUB ), Bank of Hangzhou ( BOH ), Industrial
and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) and Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank ( ZTCB ) that provided working
capital in the form of the following bank acceptance notes at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had a credit line of approximately $14.02 million in the aggregate from HUB, BOH, ICBC and ZTCB. By putting up the restricted
cash of $4.30 million deposited in the banks, the total credit line was $18.32 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $11.67 million of bank notes payable and approximately $6.65 million bank credit line was still available for further
borrowing. The bank notes are also secured by buildings owned by the Company s major shareholders, land use rights of Jiutong
Medical, a shop of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, and guaranteed by Jiuxin Medical. 

Note 14
  TAXES   

Income
tax   

For
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the income tax provisions were as follow:  

15  

The
Company is subject to income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which each
entity is domiciled.  

Entity    
     Income Tax Jurisdiction  
 
     Jo-Jo Drugstores    
     United States  
 
     Renovation    
     Hong Kong, PRC  
 
     All other entities    
     Mainland, PRC  

The
following table reconciles the U.S. statutory tax rates with the Company's effective tax rate for the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1)  
      It
    represents non-taxable expense reversal due to overall decrease in allowance for accounts receivables and advance to suppliers.   

Jo-Jo Drugstores is incorporated in
the U.S. and incurred a net operating loss for income tax purposes for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  As
of September 30, 2016, the estimated net operating loss carry forwards for U.S. income tax purposes amounted to $1,503,000 which
may be available to reduce future years  taxable income.  These carry forwards will expire, if not utilized by
2032. Management believes that the realization of the benefits arising from this loss appears to be uncertain due to the Company s
limited operating history and continuing losses for U.S. income tax purposes.  Accordingly, the Company has provided
a 100% valuation allowance at September 30, 2015. There was no net change in the valuation allowance for the three and six
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Management reviews this valuation allowance periodically and makes adjustments
as necessary. 

Taxes
payable at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 consisted of the following:  

The Company has adopted ASC Topic 740-10-05,
 Income Taxes.  To date, the adoption of this interpretation has not impacted the Company s financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows. The Company performed self-assessment and the Company s liability for income taxes
includes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties which relate to tax years still subject to review
by taxing authorities. Audit periods remain open for review until the statute of limitations has passed, which in the PRC is usually
5 years. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment
to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such adjustment could be material to the Company s results of operations
for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part, upon the results of operations for the given period. As of September 30
and March 31, 2016, management considered that the Company had no uncertain tax positions affecting its consolidated financial
position and results of operations or cash flows, and will continue to evaluate for any uncertain position in future. There are
no estimated interest costs and penalties provided in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the three months
and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s tax positions related to open tax years are
subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities and the major one is the China Tax Authority. 

Note
15   POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS   

Regulations
in the PRC require the Company to contribute to a defined contribution retirement plan for all permanent employees. The contribution
for each employee is based on a percentage of the employee s current compensation as required by the local government. The
Company contributed $222,732 and $245,394 in employment benefits and pension for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and $470,632 and $468,405 in employment benefits and pension for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

16  

Note
16   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS   

Amounts
payable to related parties are summarized as follows:  

(1)  
      As
    of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, amount due to cofounders represents contributions from the Owners to Jiuxin Management
    to enable Jiuxin Management to meet its approved PRC registered capital requirements.   

(2)  
      Due
    to foreign exchange restrictions, the Company s director and CEO, Mr. Lei Liu personally lent U.S. dollars to the Company
    to facilitate its payments of expenses in the United States.   

As
of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, notes payable totaling $4,943,875 and $5,302,881 were secured by the personal properties
of certain of the Company s shareholders, respectively.  

The
Company leases from Mr. Lei Liu a retail space which expires in September 2016. Rent expense amounted to $4,499 and $23,940 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Rent expense amounted to $9,092 and $48,510 for the
six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amounts were not paid to Mr. Liu as of September 30, 2016.  

Note
17   WARRANTS   

On September 26, 2013, as annual compensation
for its financial advisory service, the Company issued a warrant to a financial consulting firm to purchase up to 150,000 shares
of common stock at $1.20 per share. The warrant is exercisable from September 26, 2013 to September 25, 2016. On September 21,
2016, the warrants were exercised at the stock price of $1.84. As a result, 52,174 shares were issued. 

On
September 26, 2013, the issuance date of the warrant, the Company classified its fair value as a liability of $33,606. The Company
recognized a gain of $93,606 and $200,903 from the change in fair value of the warrant liability for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, The Company recognized a loss of $76,633 and $58,318 from the change in fair value of the warrant
liability for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,respectively. As a result, the warrant liability
is carried on the consolidated balance sheets at the fair value of $0 and $89,997 as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016,
respectively.  

In
connection with the registered direct offering closed on July 19, 2015, the Company issued to an investor warrant to purchase
up to 600,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.10 per share. The options are exercisable commencing on January
19, 2016 and will expire on January 18, 2021. In connection with the offering, the Company also issued warrants to its placement
agent of this offering, which can purchase an aggregate of up to 6% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in
the offering, i.e. 72,000 shares. These warrants have the same terms as the warrants issued to purchaser in the offering.  

The
fair value of the warrants issued to purchase 672,000 shares in the above was estimated by using the binominal pricing model with
the following assumptions:   

Upon
evaluation, the warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 as the Company cannot avoid net cash settlement under
certain circumstances. Accordingly, the fair value of the warrants was classified as a liability of $546,304 as of March 31, 2016.
For the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a loss of $3,265 and $18,488 for the investor warrants
and placement agent warrants, from the change in fair value of the warrants liability. As a result, the warrants liability is
carried on the consolidated balance sheets at the fair value of $578,156 for the investor warrants and placement agent warrants,
as of September 30, 2016.  

17  

Note
18   STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY   

Stock-based
compensation   

The Company accounts for share-based
payment awards granted to employees and directors by recording compensation expense based on estimated fair values. The Company
estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately
expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the Company s consolidated statements of
operations. Share-based awards are attributed to expense using the straight-line method over the vesting period. The Company determines
the value of each option award that contains a market condition using a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model, while all other
option awards are valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as permitted under ASC 718  Compensation - Stock Compensation. 
The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent the Company s best estimates.
The Company s estimates of the fair values of stock options granted and the resulting amounts of share-based compensation
recognized may be impacted by certain variables including stock price volatility, employee stock option exercise behaviors, additional
stock option modifications, estimates of forfeitures, and the related income tax impact. 

On
November 25, 2015, the Company agreed to grant a total of 150,000 shares of restricted common stock to a financial consulting
firm for its financial advisory services. The term of the service agreement is one year. The trading value of the Company s
common stock on November 25, 2015 was $1.77. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, $66,921 and $133,114 was recorded
as a consulting expense.   

On
November 27, 2015, the Company granted a total of 735,000 shares of restricted common stock to its directors, officers and certain
employees under the Company s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Plan ). The stock awards vests in
one year. The trading value of the Company s common stock on November 27, 2015 was $1.76. For the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016, 326,058 and $648,572 was recorded as service compensation expense.   

On June 7, 2016, the Company granted
a total of 8,000 shares of restricted common stock to Taylor Raffery, an investor relation firm, for its marketing services. The
trading value of the Company s common stock in June 2016 was $1.60. Taylor Raffery s service ended in June 2016. As
a result, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, $0 and $12,800 was recorded as a consulting expense.  

On
June 3, 2016, the Company granted a total of 1,630,000 shares of restricted common stock to its key employees in retail drugstores
and online pharmacy under the Company s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. The stock awards vests in three year. The
trading value of the Company s common stock on June 3, 2016 was $1.62. For the three and six months ended September 30,
2016, $221,859 and $286,970 was recorded as service compensation expense.   

Stock
option   

On
November 18, 2014, the Company granted a total of 967,000 shares of stock options under the Plan to a group of a total of 46 grantees
including directors, officers and employees. The exercise price of the stock option is $2.50. The option vests in three years
on November 18, 2017, provided that the grantees are still employed by the Company on such a date. The options will be exercisable
for five years from the vesting date, or November 18, 2017 until November 17, 2022. For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, $124,033 and $124,033 was recorded as compensation expense. For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $248,066
and $248,066 was recorded as compensation expense. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $0.56 million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to stock option compensation arrangements granted which is expected to be recognized over the remaining
weighted-average period of 1.13 years.   

18  

Statutory
reserves   

Statutory
reserves represent restricted retained earnings. Based on their legal formation, the Company is required to set aside 10% of its
net income as reported in their statutory accounts on an annual basis to the Statutory Surplus Reserve Fund (the  Reserve
Fund ). Once the total amount set aside in the Reserve Fund reaches 50% of the entity s registered capital, further
appropriations become discretionary. The Reserve Fund can be used to increase the entity s registered capital upon approval
by relevant government authorities or eliminate its future losses under PRC GAAP upon a resolution by its board of directors.
The Reserve Fund is not distributable to shareholders, as cash dividend or otherwise, except in the event of liquidation.  

Appropriations
to the Reserve Fund are accounted for as a transfer from unrestricted earnings to statutory reserves. During the three and six
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not make appropriations to the statutory reserves.  

There
are no legal requirements in the PRC to fund the Reserve Fund by transfer of cash to any restricted accounts, and the Company
does not do so.  

Note
19   INCOME PER SHARE   

The
Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of the FASB s related accounting standard. This standard
requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing
such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution, but includes vested restricted stocks and is computed by
dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock were exercised and converted into common stock.  

The
following is a reconciliation of the basic and diluted earnings per share computation:  

For
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the 967,000 shares underlying employee stocks options and 600,000 shares underlying
outstanding purchase options to an investor, and 72,000 shares underlying outstanding purchase option to an investment placement
agent were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share as the options were anti-dilutive. For the three and months
ended September 30, 2015, no warrants were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the options were anti-dilutive.   

Note
19   SEGMENTS   

The
Company operates within four main reportable segments: retail drugstores, online pharmacy, drug wholesale and herb farming.  The
retail drugstores segment sells prescription and over-the-counter ( OTC ) medicines, TCM, dietary supplements, medical
devices, and sundry items to retail customers. The online pharmacy sells OTC drugs, dietary supplements, medical devices
and sundry items to customers through several third-party platforms such as Alibaba s Tmall, JD.com and Amazon.com, and
the Company s own platform all over China. The drug wholesale segment includes supplying the Company s own retail drugstores
with prescription and OTC medicines, TCM, dietary supplement, medical devices and sundry items (which sales have been eliminated
as intercompany transactions), and also selling them to other drug vendors and hospitals. The Company s herb farming segment
cultivates selected herbs for sales to other drug vendors. The Company is also involved in online sales and clinic services that
do not meet the quantitative thresholds for reportable segments and are included in the retail drugstores segment. The segments'
accounting policies are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company evaluates performance
based on profit or loss from operations before interest and income taxes not including nonrecurring gains and losses.  

The
Company's reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. Each segment is
managed separately because they require different operations and markets to distinct classes of customers.  

19  

The
following table presents summarized information by segment of the continuing operation for the three months ended September 30,
2016:  

*      includes the
accounts receivable and advance to suppliers allowance reversal of $318,789. 

The
following table presents summarized information of the continuing operations by segment for the three months ended September 30,
2015:  

*    includes the
accounts receivable and advance to suppliers allowance reversal of $850,079. 

The
following table presents summarized information of the continuing operation by segment for the six months ended September 30,
2016:  

*     includes the
accounts receivable and advance to suppliers allowance reversal of $280,645. 

The
following table presents summarized information of the continuing operation by segment for the six months ended September 30,
2015:  

*     includes the accounts
receivable and advance to suppliers allowance reversal of $1,586,818. 

20  

The
Company does not have long-lived assets located outside the PRC. In accordance with the enterprise-wide disclosure requirements
of FASB s accounting standard, the Company's net revenue from external customers through its retail stores by main products
is as follows:  

The
Company s net revenue from external customers through online pharmacy by main products is as follows:  

The
Company s net revenue from external customers through wholesale by main products is as follows:  

21  

Note
20   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Operating
lease commitments   

The
Company recognizes lease expense on a straight line basis over the term of its leases in accordance with the relevant accounting
standards. The Company has entered into various tenancy agreements for its store premises and for the land leased from a
local government to farm herbs.  

The
Company s commitments for minimum rental payments under its leases for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  

Total
rent expense amounted to $722,190 and $1,178,159 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
$1,477,442 and $2,427,544 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Note
21   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On October 11, 2016, the Company issued
a total of 949,000 shares of common stock to Lei Liu, at $1.69 per share, the fair market value, or the closing stock price on
Nasdaq on October 11, 2016, to offset the debts in the amount of $1,603,810 owed to Mr. Liu. 

22  

ITEM
    2.   
       MANAGEMENT S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.    

The
following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this item.  In addition
to historical information, the following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within the  safe harbor 
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements relate to our future plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions.  These statements may be identified by the use of words such as  may,   will, 
 could,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   estimate, 
 plan,   predict,  and similar terms or terminology, or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology.  Although
we believe the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bound
of our knowledge of our business, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements.  Factors
that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the  Risk Factors  section
of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 and filed with the SEC on June 28, 2015.  We undertake
no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes available or other
events occur in the future.   

Our
financial statements are prepared in U.S. Dollars and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. See  Exchange Rates  below for information concerning the exchanges rates at which Renminbi ( RMB )
were translated into U.S. Dollars ( USD  or  $ ) at various pertinent dates and for pertinent periods.   

Overview   

We
currently operate in four business segments in China: (1) retail drugstores, (2) online pharmacy, (3) wholesale of products similar
to those that we carry in our pharmacies, and (4) farming and selling herbs used for traditional Chinese medicine ( TCM ).  

Our
drugstores offer customers a wide variety of pharmaceutical products, including prescription and over-the-counter ( OTC )
drugs, nutritional supplements, TCM, personal and family care products, and medical devices, as well as convenience products,
including consumable, seasonal, and promotional items. Additionally, we have licensed doctors of both western medicine and TCM
on site for consultation, examination and treatment of common ailments at scheduled hours. We currently have 62 pharmacies in
Hangzhou under the store brand of  Jiuzhou Grand Pharmacy.  During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we have
opened two new pharmacies.  

Since
May 2010, we have also been selling certain OTC drugs, medical devices, nutritional supplements and other sundry products online.
Our online pharmacy sells through several third-party platforms such as Alibaba s Tmall, JD.com and Amazon.com, and the
Company s own platform all over China. In fiscal year 2017, we plan to grow sales through our own platform by closely cooperating
with commercial insurance companies and selling products to customers who have bought medical insurance from these commercial
insurance companies. Additionally, in order to keep top rankings in certain third-party platforms such as Tmall, we plan to spend
reasonable resources in marketing our products through these third-party platforms.  

We
operate a wholesale business through Jiuxin Medicine distributing third-party pharmaceutical products (similar to those carried
by our pharmacies) primarily to trading companies throughout China. We also farm certain herbs used in TCM but have not incurred
sales in the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

In
preparing our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, we are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts
of our assets and liabilities; (ii) the disclosure of our contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period;
and (iii) the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during each reporting period. We continually evaluate these estimates based
on our own historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, our expectations regarding
the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form our basis for making judgments about
matters that are not readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
reporting process, our actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  

We
believe that any reasonable deviation from those judgments and estimates would not have a material impact on our financial condition
or results of operations. To the extent that the estimates used differ from actual results, however, adjustments to the statement
of operations and corresponding balance sheet accounts would be necessary. These adjustments would be made in future financial
statements.  

When
reading our financial statements, you should consider: (i) our critical accounting policies; (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties
affecting the application of such policies; and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. The
critical accounting policies and related judgments and estimates used to prepare our financial statements are identified in Note
3 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements accompanying in this report. We have not made any material
changes in the methodology used in our accounting policies that are inconsistent with those discussed in our annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016.  

23  

Results
of Operations   

Comparison
of three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Revenue    

Primarily
due to the decline in our online pharmacy business, revenue decreased by $2,416,791 or 10.7% for the three months ended September
30, 2016, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by the increase in our wholesale business.
The following table breaks down the revenue for our four business segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:

Quarterly
Revenue by Segment    

The
following table breaks down the revenue for our four business segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

24  

Retail drugstores
sales, which accounted for approximately 63.5% of total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016, decreased by $296,148,
or 2.3% compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, to $12,806,987. Same-store sales decreased by approximately $1,278,023,
or 10.2%, while new stores contributed approximately $ 109,939 in revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2016. Excluding
the RMB depreciation effect, the same store sales decreased by approximately 6.0% period over period. Due to the G20 summit held
in Hangzhou in September 2016, the local government has significantly tightened its security requirements in the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. For instance, local policemen make multiple detail security checks on people in the street and the community.
As a result, more and more migrants from other areas in China, such as businessman and labors, choose to leave temporarily. As
these migrants represent a large population in the City, our sales to this group of people were curtailed. In the long run, the
same store sales are expected to grow due to the increasing demand on healthcare products in China. As soon as the summit was over,
we have accelerated our marketing activities and expect a strong sale rebound in the third quarter. On the other side, we have
created a new chronic disease management team and a supporting system. Customers enrolled in our chronical disease management program
usually become loyal to our store service and tend to make continuous and more purchase. In order to promote our same-store sales
growth, we implemented certain operational strategies such as increasing product adaptability to community demand, providing access
to mobile payments, launching in-pharmacy virtual doctor clinics and close cooperating with certain reputable vendors to promote
sales of their brand name products. Our store count increased to 62 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 59 stores as of September
30, 2015, as an effect of opening three stores in fiscal 2017. 

Our
online pharmacy sales decreased by approximately $2,774,682, or 22.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was mainly caused by the decline in business referred from Yikatong
and decline in our sale via e-commerce platforms, as further explained below, during this quarter. We carry our business either
through certain e-commerce platforms such as Tmall and JD.com or via our own official online pharmacy website. we put our products
on e-commerce platforms, including Tmall at Alibaba, JD.com and www.yhd.com. Such arrangements have exposed our online presence
to a wider consumer base. In order to increase the popularity of our products, we have made considerable efforts identifying popular
products that can drive sales, while we keep close watch on the cost. However, due to the CFDA suspension of OTC drugs sales on
e-commerce platforms such as Alibaba in the second quarter, our sales via these e-commerce platforms have been curtailed. As a
result, our sales via these e-commerce platforms decreased by 28.1% period over period. We are adding more non-medical health
products such as nutritional supplements into our sales menu to counterpart the decline in sale of OTC drug category. In addition,
we are actively searching for experienced e-commerce experts in Hangzhou. We expect our e-commerce platform sales will pick up
in the future.  

Due
to the decline in business referred from  Yikatong , the popular pharmacy and health insurance benefit card, the sales
on our own official website for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $1.4 million or 79.6% as compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Yikatong is run by a Pharmacy Benefit Management ( PBM ) provider in China.
In fiscal 2016, we created strategic alliance with the PBM provider. However, in order to maximize its profit, the PBM provider
chose to create its own online pharmacy to sell products referred from Yikatong. In order to grow its own online pharmacy, the
PMB provider actively directed Yikatong customers to purchase products on its online pharmacy. As a result, the sales on our own
official website declined dramatically. In order to offset the negative effect, we had been actively working with a similar vendor,
who may refer to us a big customers pool in the near future. If we are able to retain the new vendor, our own website sale will
continue to grow in the future.  

Wholesale
revenue increased by $654,039 or 22.4%, primarily due to marketing efforts of certain new salespersons. However, at present, the
majority of drug sales still occur at hospitals in China. Local hospitals usually have stronger ties with their existing suppliers
and we have not been able to make significant progress in becoming a major supplier to local hospitals. Until we can establish
a new customer base and are granted a status to serve as provincial or national exclusive sale agent for certain popular drugs,
we do not expect our wholesale business to increase significantly in the immediate future.  

In the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we have not harvested and generated revenue from our farming business. We planted ginkgo and
maidenhair trees during the year ended March 31, 2013. A ginkgo tree may have a growth period of up to twenty years before it
is mature enough for harvest. Usually, the longer it grows the more valuable it becomes. We plan to continue cultivating the trees
in order to maximize their market value in the future. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we have been evaluating
feasibility of planting other herbs with short period of growth. We anticipate that we will continue to grow ginkgo trees and
start cultivating other herbs in the future. 

25  

Gross
Profit    

Gross
profit increased by $376,000 or 9.5% period over period primarily as a result of an increase in gross margin of retail drugstores
sale.  At the same time, gross margin increased from 17.6% to 21.6% due to higher retail profit margins.  The
average gross margins for each of our four business segments are as follows:    

Retail
gross margin increased primarily because of more vendor rebates attributable to our focused marketing efforts in promoting brand-name
products with large pharmaceutical suppliers, continuous efforts to renegotiate prices with our suppliers periodically, and selection
of certain higher profit margin products. Instead of labeling our own products, we focused on promoting brand name products. We
believe selling brand name products will increase our store popularity and customer loyalty. As a result, we achieved significant
sales volume with certain brand pharmaceutical suppliers and received their considerable rebates. Additionally, we have been searching
for ways to improve our profit margin. From time to time, we compared existing products among our suppliers to squeeze lower cost.
Because local hospitals are required to sell certain drugs listed in CFDA list at a set cost, these drugs are sold at extremely
low profit margin from our stores. We actively search for and sell alternative drugs with better treatment effect and higher profit
margin.  

Gross
margin of online pharmacy sales decreased primarily because of the decline in our sales via our own official website, as well
as promotion of certain products sales at low profit margin. We carry our business either through certain e-commerce platforms
such as Tmall and JD.com or via our own official online pharmacy website, www.dada360.com. The sales on our own official website
usually has higher profit margin because customers referred by Yikatong and commercial insurance companies are premium customers
who can afford premium products with higher profit margin. As described in the above, Yikatong has cut its customers sources to
our online pharmacy. As a result, our average profit margin was affected. On the other hand, we promoted certain products such
as health herb tea on our own website at low margin in the three months ended September 30, 2016. As a result, our overall online
sales profit margin declined in this quarter.  

Wholesale gross margin decreased primarily as a result of different products we carried and sold to certain pharmaceutical vendors.
Although we tried marketing our products to major local hospitals and other pharmacies, we had not been able to make significant
progress. Until we are able to obtain status as provincial or national exclusive sale agent for certain popular drugs or have
sales access to large local hospitals, we may have to keep low profit margin in order to drive sales.  

26  

Selling
and Marketing Expenses    

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by $395,433 or 11.6% period over period, primarily attributable to rental savings. As
online shopping becomes very popular in China, the value of physical commercial shop site has declined. We were able to renegotiate
with certain landlords to cut our rental expense when leases come to renewal. However, due to the decrease in overall sale, such
expenses as a percentage of our revenue only slightly decreased to 15.0%, from 15.1% for the same period a year ago. We expect
future sales and marketing expenses to not deviate significantly from the current level.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

General and
administrative expenses increased by $542,808 or 64.4% period over period.  Such expenses as a percentage of revenue
increased to 6.9% from 3.7% for the same period a year ago.  The increase in absolute dollars reflects accounts receivable
and advances to vendors allowance reversal of $253,431 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to reversal of
$850,079 in the three months ended September 30, 2015. The difference was caused by the fact that we were able to collect certain
remaining aged accounts receivable and advances to suppliers accounts in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Excluding such
an effect, general and administrative expense slightly decreased by $53,840. 

Income
(Loss) from Operations    

As a result of the
above, we had loss from operations of $52,965, as compared to loss from operations of $281,590 a year ago. Our operating margin
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was (0.3)% and (1.2)%, respectively. 

Income
Taxes    

Our
income tax expense increased by $55,546 period over period due to increase in retail sales profit.  

Net
Income    

As
a result of the foregoing, net income decreased by $53,305 period over period.  

Comparison
of six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

27  

Revenue    

Primarily due to
the decline in our online pharmacy business, our revenue decreased by $2,792,168 or 6.4% for the six months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by the increase in our wholesale business. The following
table breaks down the revenue for our four business segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Quarterly
Revenue by Segment    

The
following table breaks down the revenue for our four business segments for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Retail drugstores
sales, which accounted for approximately 62.1% of total revenue for the six months ended September 30, 2016, increased by $241,206,
or 1.0% compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015, to $25,515,229. Same-store sales decreased by approximately $1,543,340,
or 6.4%, while new stores contributed approximately $133,065 in revenue in the six months ended September 30, 2016. Excluding the
RMB depreciation effect, the same store sales decreased by approximately 0.1% period over period. Due to the G20 summit held in
Hangzhou in September 2016, the local government has significantly tightened its security requirements in the quarter ended September
30, 2016 and more and more migrants from other areas in China, such as businessman and labors, choose to leave temporarily. As
these migrants represent a large population in the City, our sales to this group of people were curtailed. In the long run, the
same store sales are expected to grow due to the increasing demand on healthcare products in China. Immediately after the summit
was over, we have accelerated our marketing activities and expect a sale rebound in the third quarter. On the other side, we have
created a new chronic disease management team and a supporting system. Customers enrolled in our chronic disease management program
usually become loyal to our store service and tend to make continuous and more purchase. In order to promote our same-store sales
growth, we implemented certain operational strategies such as increasing product adaptability to community demand, providing access
to mobile payments, launching in-pharmacy virtual doctor clinics and close cooperating with certain reputable vendors to promote
sales of their brand name products. Our store count increased to 62 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 59 stores as of September
30, 2015, as an effect of opening six stores in fiscal 2017. 

Our
online pharmacy sales decreased by approximately $3,669,371, or 29.3% for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to the six months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was mainly caused by the decline in business referred from Yikatong and
decline in our sale via e-commerce platforms, as further explained below. We carry our business either through certain e-commerce
platforms such as Tmall and JD.com or via our own official online pharmacy website. we put our products on e-commerce platforms,
including Tmall at Alibaba, JD.com and www.yhd.com. Such arrangements have exposed our online presence to a wider consumer base.
In order to increase the popularity of our products, we have made considerable efforts identifying popular products that can drive
sales, while we keep close watch on the cost. However, due to the CFDA suspension of OTC drugs sales on e-commerce platforms such
as Alibaba in the second quarter, our sales via these e-commerce platforms have been curtailed. As a result, our sales via these
e-commerce platforms decreased by 5.3% period over period. Excluding the RMB depreciation effect, our sales via these e-commerce
platforms increased by approximately 1.0% period over period. We are adding more non-medical health products such as nutritional
supplements into our sales menu to counterpart the decline in sale of OTC drug catagory. In addition, we are actively searching
for experienced e-commerce experts in Hangzhou, which is well-known as an e-commerce innovator in China. We expect our e-commerce
platform sales will pick up in the future.  

Due
to the decline in business referred from  Yikatong , the popular pharmacy and health insurance benefit card, the sales
on our own official website for the six months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $3.2 million or 71.7% as compared to the
six months ended September 30, 2015. Yikatong is run by a Pharmacy Benefit Management ( PBM ) provider in China. In
fiscal 2016, we created strategic alliance with the PBM provider. However, in order to maximize its profit, the PBM provider chose
to create its own online pharmacy to sell products referred from Yikatong. In order to grow its own online pharmacy, the PMB provider
actively directed Yikatong customers to purchase products on its online pharmacy. As a result, the sales on our own official website
declined dramatically. In order to offset the negative effect, we had been actively working with a similar vendor, who may refer
to us a big customers pool in the near future. If we are able to retain the new vendor, our own website sale will continue to
grow in the future.  

Wholesale
revenue increased by $635,997 or 10.4%, primarily due to marketing efforts of certain new salespersons. However, at present, the
majority of drug sales still occur at hospitals in China. Local hospitals usually have stronger ties with their existing suppliers
and we have not been able to make significant progress in becoming a major supplier to local hospitals. Until we can establish
a new customer base and are granted a status to serve as provincial or national exclusive sale agent for certain popular drugs,
we do not expect our wholesale business to increase significantly in the immediate future.  

In the six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we have not harvested and generated revenue from our farming business. We planted ginkgo and
maidenhair trees during the year ended March 31, 2013. A ginkgo tree may have a growth period of up to twenty years before it is
mature enough for harvest. Usually, the longer it grows the more valuable it becomes. We plan to continue cultivating the trees
in order to maximize their market value in the future. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we have been evaluating
feasibility of planting other herbs with short period of growth. We anticipate that we will continue to grow ginkgo trees and start
cultivating other herbs in the future. 

28  

Gross
Profit    

Gross
profit increased by $482,121 or 5.8% period over period primarily as a result of an increase in gross margin of retail drugstores
sale.  At the same time, gross margin increased from 19.0% to 21.5% due to higher retail profit margins.  The
average gross margins for each of our four business segments are as follows:    

Retail
gross margin increased primarily because of more vendor rebates attributable to our focused marketing efforts in promoting brand-name
products with large pharmaceutical suppliers, continuous efforts to renegotiate prices with our suppliers periodically, and selection
of certain higher profit margin products. Instead of labeling our own products, we focused on promoting brand name products. We
believe selling brand name products will increase our store popularity and customer loyalty. As a result, we achieved significant
sales volume with certain brand pharmaceutical suppliers and received their considerable rebates. Additionally, we have been searching
for ways to improve our profit margin. From time to time, we compared existing products among our suppliers to squeeze lower cost.
Because local hospitals are required to sell certain drugs listed in CFDA list at a set cost, these drugs are sold at extremely
low profit margin from our stores. We actively search for and sell alternative drugs with better treatment effect and higher profit
margin.  

Gross
margin of online pharmacy sales decreased primarily because of the decline in our sales via our own official website, as well
as promotion of certain products sales at low profit margin. We carry our business either through certain e-commerce platforms
such as Tmall and JD.com or via our own official online pharmacy website, www.dada360.com. The sales on our own official website
usually has higher profit margin because customers referred by Yikatong and commercial insurance companies are premium customers
who can afford premium products with higher profit margin. As described in the above, Yikatong has cut its customers sources to
our online pharmacy. As a result, our average profit margin was affected. As a result, our overall online sales profit margin
declined in this quarter.  

Wholesale
gross margin increased primarily as a result of different products we carried and sold to certain pharmaceutical vendors. Although
we tried marketing our products to major local hospitals and other pharmacies, we had not been able to make significant progress.
Until we are able to obtain status as provincial or national exclusive sale agent for certain popular drugs or have sales access
to large local hospitals, we may have to keep low profit margin in order to drive sales.  

Wholesale
gross margin decreased primarily as a result of different products we carried and sold to certain pharmaceutical vendors. Although
we tried marketing our products to major local hospitals and other pharmacies, we had not been able to make significant progress.
Until we are able to obtain status as provincial or national exclusive sale agent for certain popular drugs or have sales access
to large local hospitals, we may have to keep low profit margin in order to drive sales.  

29  

Selling
and Marketing Expenses    

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by $809,081 or 12.4% period over period, primarily attributable to rental savings. As online
shopping becomes very popular in China, the value of physical commercial shop site has declined. We were able to renegotiate
with certain landlords to cut our rental expense when leases come to renewal. However, due to the decrease in overall sale, such
expenses as a percentage of our revenue only slightly decreased to 14.8%, from 13.9% for the same period a year ago. We expect
future sales and marketing expenses to not deviate significantly from the current level.  

General
and Administrative Expenses    

General
and administrative expenses increased by $1,541,060 or 87.6% period over period.  Such expenses as a percentage of revenue
increased to 8.0% from 4.0% for the same period a year ago.  The increase in absolute dollars reflects accounts receivable
and advances to vendors allowance reversal of $253,431 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to reversal of
$1,586,818 in the three months ended September 30, 2015. The difference was caused by the fact that we were able to collect certain
remaining aged accounts receivable and advances to suppliers accounts in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Excluding such
an effect, general and administrative expense slightly decreased by $53,840. 

Income
(Loss) from Operations    

As
a result of the above, we had loss from operations of $172,364, as compared to income from operations of $77,494 a year ago.  Our
operating margin for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was (0.4)% and 0.2%, respectively.  

Income
Taxes    

Our
income tax expense increased by $1,793 period over period due to overall increase in operation income in retail profit.  

Net
Income (Loss)    

As
a result of the foregoing, net income decreased by $32,763 period over period.  

Accounts
receivable    

Accounts
receivable, which are unsecured, are stated at the amount we expect to collect.  We continuously monitor collections
and payments from our customers (our distributors) and maintain a provision for estimated credit losses. To prepare for potential
loss in such accounts, we made corresponding reserves.  

Our
accounts receivable aging was as follows for the periods described below:  

Accounts
receivable from our retail business mainly consist of reimbursements from government health insurance bureaus and commercial health
insurance programs.  In the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, we wrote off an approximately $30,790 and
$63,382 collectible from provincial and Hangzhou City government insurance, as such amount has been determined by the health insurance
bureaus to be unqualified for reimbursement.  

30  

Accounts
receivable from our online pharmacy business mainly consist of collectibles from third-party platforms such as Tmall and JD.com
where we sell products. Usually the third-party platforms will collect from customers ordering on their platforms and then reimburse
us in times ranging from several days to a month after orders are placed.  

Accounts
receivable from our drug wholesale business and herb farming business consist of receivables from our customers such as pharmaceutical
distributors. Our drug wholesale business transitioned away from focusing on sales volume beginning in the second half of fiscal
2013, and it tightened its customer credit policy and strengthened monitoring of uncollected receivables. Furthermore, the new
management team expended significant efforts in clearing outstanding balances with certain customers and suppliers. In the six
months ended September 30, 2016, we were able to continually collect certain aged accounts. As a result, we reversed approximately
$280,645 in allowance.  

Subsequent
to September 30, 2016 and through October 31, 2016, we collected approximately $2.6 million in receivables relating to our drugstore
business, approximately $1.4 million in receivables relating to our online pharmacy business, approximately $0.2 million relating
to our wholesale business, and $0 relating to our herb farming business.  

Advances
to suppliers    

Advances
to suppliers are mainly prepayments to secure certain products or services and favorable pricing. The aging of our advances
to suppliers is as follows for the periods described below:  

Since
the acquisition of Jiuxin Medicine, we have gradually transferred almost all logistics services of our retail drugstores to Jiuxin
Medicine. Jiuzhou Pharmacy only makes purchase on certain non-medical products such as sundry. As a result, our retail chain had
little advances to suppliers as of September 30, 2016.  

Advances
to suppliers for our drug wholesale business consist of prepayments to our vendors such as pharmaceutical manufacturers and other
distributors. We typically receive products from vendors within three to nine months after making prepayments. We continuously
monitor delivery from and payments to our vendors while maintaining a provision for estimated credit losses based upon historical
experience and any specific supplier issues such as discontinuing of inventory supply that have been identified. If we are
having difficulty receiving products from a vendor, we take the following steps: cease purchasing products from the vendor, ask
for return of our prepayment promptly, and if necessary, take legal actions. If all of these steps are unsuccessful, management
then determines whether or not the prepayments should be reserved or written off. To facilitate its initial expansion, Jiuxin
Medicine made significant prepayments to certain vendors. Lack of timely supplier account reconciliation caused by several
sales staff rotations delayed the monitoring of such accounts. To accommodate potential loss in advances to suppliers, we
made reserve for amounts considered to be uncollectible. As previously discussed, Jiuxin Medicine transitioned away from focusing
on sales volume beginning in the second half of fiscal 2013, and since then we have tightened our customer credit policy and strengthened
monitoring of uncollected receivables. We do not expect a significant increase in bad debts going forward.   

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Our
cash flows for the periods indicated are as follows:    

31  

For
the six months ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by operating activities amounted to $455,060, as compared to $1,499,807
a year ago.  The change is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash provided by accounts receivable of $2,906,545,
a decrease in cash provided by change of inventories and biological assets of $1,986,933, offset by an increase in cash provided
by the change of bad debt direct write-off and provision of $ 1,363,421.  

For
the six months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by investing activities amounted to $303,280, as compared to $1,074,210,
used in investing activities a year ago. The change is attributable to the pay back of financial assets available for sale
in the six months ended September 30, 2015.  

For
the six months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities amounted to $1,110,050, as compared to $300,640
a year ago.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately $8,352,091. Our total current assets as of September 30, 2015, were $46,427,001
and total current liabilities were $40,484,031, which resulted in a working capital of $5,942,970.  

On
July 23, 2015, we completed a registered direct placement with a single health-care focused institutional investor for the purchase
of an aggregate of $3 million of its common stock at a price of $2.50 per share and net proceeds of approximately $2.7 million
after deducting commissions and all other expenses. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $6.65 million bank credit line
was still available for further borrowing. We believe that the foregoing sources will collectively provide sufficient liquidity
for us to meet our liquidity and capital obligations for the next twelve months. However, if we are to acquire additional businesses
or further expand our operations, we may need additional capital.   

Contractual
Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

Contractual
Obligations   

When
we open store locations, we typically enter into lease agreements that are generally between three to ten years.  Our
commitments for minimum rental payments under our leases for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  

32  

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
do not have any outstanding financial guarantees or commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.  We
have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder s equity or
that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.  Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent
interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity.  We
do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support
to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us.  

Exchange
Rates   

Our
subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the PRC maintain their books and records in RMB, the lawful currency of the PRC.  In
general, for consolidation purposes, we translate their assets and liabilities into USD using the applicable exchange rates
prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statement of income is translated at average exchange rates during the reporting
period.  Adjustments resulting from the translation of their financial statements are recorded as accumulated other
comprehensive income.  

The
exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements or otherwise disclosed in this report were as follows:  

Inflation   

We
believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operations to date.  

ITEM
    3.   
       QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.    

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
    4.   
       CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As
of September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon
such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective at the reasonable assurance level. Such conclusion is based
on the presence of the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as following:  

the
    significance of the audit adjustments  impact on the overall financial statements; and   

how
    adequately we complied with U.S. GAAP on transactions.   

Accounting
and Finance Personnel Weaknesses   - As noted in Item 9A of our annual reports on Form 10-K for the preceding three fiscal
years, management concluded that in light of the inexperience of our accounting staff with respect to the requirements of U.S.
GAAP-based reporting and SEC rules and regulations, we did not maintain effective controls and did not implement adequate and
proper supervisory review to ensure that significant internal control deficiencies can be detected or prevented.  

Management
anticipates that our disclosure controls and procedures will remain ineffective until such material weakness is remediated.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934) during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

33  

PART II
  OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
    6.   
       EXHIBITS.    

The
exhibits required by this item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto.  

34  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CHINA
    JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Lei Liu   

Lei
        Liu  
          Chief
        Executive Officer    

(Principal
Executive Officer)    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Ming Zhao   

Ming
    Zhao   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial Officer and  
Principal Accounting Officer)    

35  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

Exhibit  
     Number   
         
       Description    

31.1  
         
      Section
    302 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer   
 
      31.2  
         
      Section
    302 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Financial Officer   
 
      32.1  
         
      Section
    906 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

36  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_chinajojo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Lei Liu, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Lei Liu   

Lei
    Liu   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_chinajojo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

I,
Ming Zhao, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
    which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b.  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Ming Zhao   

Ming Zhao   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer and
        Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_chinajojo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION   

In connection with the periodic report of
China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Lei Liu, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
of the Company, and Ming Zhao, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) of the Company.
hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Lei Liu   

Lei Liu   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Ming Zhao   

Ming Zhao   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and  
Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cjjd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cjjd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cjjd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cjjd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cjjd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cjjd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

